                                                                             (Stock Code 股份代號: 41)
                                                                                                                                                                            28 March 2025
Dear Non-registered Shareholder(s)(Note 1),

Great Eagle Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
- Notice of publication of (i) 2024 Annual Report; (ii) Circular in relation to General Mandates to Buy-back and Issue Shares, Re-election of Retiring Directors and Notice
  of 2025 Annual General Meeting; (iii) Circular in relation to the Amendments to the Bye-laws and Adoption of the new Bye-laws and Notice of Special General
  Meeting; and (iv) Proxy Forms (the “Current Corporate Communications”)
The English and Chinese versions of the Company’s Current Corporate Communications are available at the Company’s website at www.GreatEagle.com.hk and the HKEXnews’
website at www.hkexnews.hk (the “Websites”). You may access the Current Corporate Communications by clicking “Investor Relations” on the homepage of our website and selecting
“Financial Reports” or “Regulatory Disclosure” section, or by browsing through the HKEXnews’ website. If you have elected to receive Corporate Communications(Note 2) in printed
form, the Current Corporate Communications are enclosed.

As a Non-registered Shareholder(Note 1), if you wish to receive email notification of the publication of the Corporate Communications(Note 2) on the Websites in future, you
should liaise with and provide your email address to your bank(s), broker(s), custodian(s), nominee(s) or HKSCC Nominees Limited through which your shares are held.

If you wish to receive current and future Corporate Communications (Note 2) in printed form, please complete and return the Request Form, which is available for download on the
Company’s website at www.GreatEagle.com.hk, to the Company at 33rd Floor, Great Eagle Centre, 23 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong or send an email to
GreatEagle.ecom@greateagle.com.hk, specifying your name and request for receiving the Corporate Communications (Note 2) in printed form. Please note that such instruction will be
valid unless it is revoked, superseded, or until its expiry date on the last day of each calendar year (whichever is earlier).

Should you have any queries relating to any of the above matters, please call the Company’s telephone hotline at (852) 2879 1266 during business hours from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.,
Monday to Friday, excluding Hong Kong public holidays, or send your enquiries to GreatEagle.ecom@greateagle.com.hk.
                                                                                                                                                     Yours faithfully,
                                                                                                                                                   For and on behalf of
                                                                                                                                              Great Eagle Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                WONG Mei Ling, Marina
                                                                                                                                                    Company Secretary

Note 1:    This letter is addressed to Non-registered Shareholder(s) (“Non-registered Shareholder” means such person or company whose shares are held in The Central Clearing and Settlement
           System (CCASS), and who has notified the Company from time to time through Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited wish to receive Corporate Communications). If you
           have sold or transferred your shares in the Company, please disregard this letter.
Note 2:    Unless otherwise specified, “Corporate Communications” refer to annual report, interim report, notice of meeting, circular, proxy form and other Shareholders publications of the
           Company.

各位非登記股東(附註 1) ：

鷹君集團有限公司（    「本公司」）
– 有關（i）2024 年年報；（ii）購回及發行股份之一般性授權、重選退任董事及 2025 年股東周年大會通告之通函；
                                                           （iii）修訂公司細則及採納新公司細則及股東特別大
  會通告之通函；及（iv）代表委任表格（「本次公司通訊」）之發布通知

本次公司通訊的英文及中文版本已登載於本公司網站（www.GreatEagle.com.hk）及披露易網站（www.hkexnews.hk）（「該等網站」）
                                                                            。 閣下可於本公司網站主頁按「投
資者關係」一欄，以閱覽於「財務報告」或「監管披露」內登載之本次公司通訊，或於披露易網站閱覽。如 閣下已選擇收取公司通訊(附註 2) 的印刷本，隨函附上本次公
司通訊。

作為非登記股東(附註 1)，如 閣下日後有意收取於該等網站發布的公司通訊(附註 2) 之電郵通知，                                                        閣下應聯絡並提供               閣下的電郵地址予代                 閣下持有股份的銀行、經紀、
託管商、代理人或香港中央結算（代理人）有限公司。

若 閣下有意收取本次及日後公司通訊(附註 2) 之印刷本，請填妥本公司網站(www.GreatEagle.com.hk)內登載的申請表格，並交回本公司，地址為香港灣仔港灣道 23 號鷹君
中心 33 樓或發送電子郵件至 GreatEagle.ecom@greateagle.com.hk，並註明 閣下的姓名及收取公司通訊(附註 2) 印刷本的要求。請注意，該指示將一直有效，除非被撤銷或
取代，或直至每個曆年的最後一天為止（以較早者為準）。

如 閣下對本信函內容有任何疑問，請致電本公司電話熱線 (852) 2879 1266，辦公時間為星期一至五（香港公眾假期除外）上午九時正至下午六時正或發送電子郵件至
GreatEagle.ecom@greateagle.com.hk 查詢。
                                                                     代表
                                                                  鷹君集團有限公司
                                                                                                                                                      公司秘書
                                                                                                                                                        黃美玲
                                                                                                                                                        謹啟
2025 年 3 月 28 日

附註 1： 本信函乃向非登記股東發出。「非登記股東」指其股份存放於中央結算及交收系統的人士或公司，及不時透過香港中央結算有限公司通知本公司希望收取公司通訊。如
      閣下已經出售或轉讓所持有之本公司股份，則毋須理會本信函。
附註 2： 除非另有註明，「公司通訊」指本公司的年報、中期報告、會議通告、通函、代表委任表格及其他股東刊物。
