                                                                          (Stock Code 股份代號: 41)
                                                                                                                                                                                26 September 2025

Dear Non-registered Shareholder(s) (Note 1),

                                               Notice of publication of 2025 Interim Report (the “Current Corporate Communication”)

The English and Chinese versions of the Current Corporate Communication of Great Eagle Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is available at the Company’s website at
www.GreatEagle.com.hk and the HKEXnews’ website at www.hkexnews.hk (the “Websites”). You may access the Current Corporate Communication by clicking “Investor
Relations” on the homepage of our website and selecting “Financial Reports” or “Regulatory Disclosure” section, or by browsing through the HKEXnews’ website. If you have
elected to receive Corporate Communications(Note 2) in printed form, the Current Corporate Communication is enclosed.

                                                 Updated Arrangement on Electronic Dissemination of Corporate Communications

Pursuant to relevant regulations that came into effect from 31 December 2023, including Rule 2.07A of The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited concerning the expansion of paperless regime and electronic dissemination of Corporate Communications(Note2), and the New Bye-Laws of the Company
adopted on 14 May 2025, the Company hereby notifies you that the Company has adopted implied consent mechanism for dissemination of Corporate Communications (Note 2) by
electronic means. Both English and Chinese versions of all future Corporate Communications(Note 2) will be available electronically on the Company’s website and the HKEXnews’
website, in place of printed copies. Printed copies will only be provided on request.

Notwithstanding the above, a notification of the publication of the Corporate Communications (Note 2) will be sent to you individually via email (provided that a valid email address
has previously been provided to your bank(s), broker(s), custodian(s), nominee(s) or HKSCC Nominees Limited through which your shares are held (collectively, the
(“Intermediaries”)), in addition to being made available electronically on the Websites. Such instruction will remain valid unless it is revoked or superseded.

As a Non-registered Shareholder (Note 1), if you wish to receive email notification of publication of the Corporate Communications(Note 2) on the Websites in future, you
should liaise with and provide your email address to your Intermediaries.

If you wish to receive current and future Corporate Communications(Note 2) in printed form, please complete and return the Request Form, which is available for download on the
Company’s website at www.GreatEagle.com.hk, to the Company at 33rd Floor, Great Eagle Centre, 23 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. Alternatively, you can send an email
to GreatEagle.ecom@greateagle.com.hk, specifying your name and your request to receive the Corporate Communications(Note 2) in printed form. Please note that such instruction
will be valid unless it is revoked, superseded, or until its expiry day on the last day of each calendar year (whichever is earlier). Further request will be required if you prefer to
continue receiving printed copy of future Corporate Communications (Note 2).

Should you have any queries relating to any of the above matters, please call the Company’s telephone hotline at (852) 2879 1266 during business hours from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00
p.m., Monday to Friday, excluding Hong Kong public holidays, or send your enquiries to GreatEagle.ecom@greateagle.com.hk.
                                                                                                                                                                Yours faithfully,
                                                                                                                                                              For and on behalf of
                                                                                                                                                         Great Eagle Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                          WONG Mei Ling, Marina
                                                                                                                                                              Company Secretary

Note 1:   This letter is addressed to Non-registered Shareholder(s) (“Non-registered Shareholder” means such person or company whose shares are held in The Central Clearing and Settlement System
          (CCASS), and who has notified the Company from time to time through Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited wish to receive Corporate Communications). If you have sold or
          transferred your shares in Company, please disregard this letter.

Note 2:   Unless otherwise specified, “Corporate Communications” refer to annual report, interim report, notice of meeting, circular, proxy form and other Shareholders publications of the Company.


                  (附註 1)
各位非登記股東                ：

                                                                  有關 2025 中期報告（「本次公司通訊」）之發布通知

鷹君集團有限公司（本公司）的本次公司通訊的英文版及中文版已登載於本公司網站（www.GreatEagle.com.hk）及披露易網站（www.hkexnews.hk）
                                                                                  （「該等網站」
                                                                                        ）。
閣下可於本公司網站主頁按「投資者關係」一欄，以閱覽於「財務報告」或「監管披露」內登載之本次公司通訊，或於披露易網站閱覽。如 閣下已選擇收取公司
   (附註 2))
通訊         的印刷本，隨函附上本次公司通訊。

                                                                           以電子方式發布公司通訊之最新安排
                                                                                                                                                                                               (附註 2)
根據自 2023 年 12 月 31 日起生效之相關規定，包括《香港聯合交易所有限公司證券上市規則》第 2.07A 條有關擴大無紙化制度及以電子方式發布公司通訊
                                                                          (附註 2)
之規定，以及本公司於 2025 年 5 月 14 日採納的新公司細則，本公司謹此通知 閣下，本公司已採用默示同意機制通過電子方式發布公司通訊          。所有日後公
   (附註 2)
司通訊       的英文版及中文版將上載於本公司網站和披露易網站，以代替印刷本。印刷本僅應要求提供。
                                      (附註 2)
儘管有上述安排，除將公司通訊  登載於該等網站外，亦將透過電子郵件形式，向 閣下個別發送該發布通知（如 閣下曾提供有效的電郵地址予代 閣下持
有股票的銀行、經紀、託管商、代理人或香港中央結算（代理人）有限公司（統稱「中介公司」
                                         ））。該指示將持續有效，直至被撤銷或取代。
                  (附註 2)                                                             (附註 2)
作為非登記股東                ，如 閣下日後有意收取該等網站發布之公司通訊                                                 之電郵通知， 閣下應聯絡並提供                             閣下的電子郵件地址予中介公司。
                                                (附註 2)
若 閣下有意收取本次及日後公司通訊        之印刷本，請填妥本公司網站（www.GreatEagle.com.hk）內登載的申請表格，並交回本公司，地址為香港灣仔港灣道
                                                                            (附註 2)
23 號鷹君中心 33 樓或發送電子郵件至 GreatEagle.ecom@greateagle.com.hk，並註明 閣下的姓名及收取公司通訊           印刷本的要求。請注意，該指示將持續有
                                                                     (附註 2)
效，直至被撤銷或取代，或至每個曆年的最後一天為止（以較早者為準）                    。倘若 閣下希望繼續收取公司通訊        之印刷本， 閣下必須重新提出請求。

如 閣下對本信函內容有任何疑問，請致電本公司電話熱線 (852) 2879 1266，辦公時間為星期一至五（香港公眾假期除外）上午九時正至下午六時正或發送電子郵
件至 GreatEagle.ecom@greateagle.com.hk 查詢。

                                                                                                                                                                        代表
                                                                                                                                                                     鷹君集團有限公司
2025 年 9 月 26 日
                                                                                                                                                                           公司秘書
                                                                                                                                                                            黃美玲
                                                                                                                                                                             謹啟

附註 1： 本信函乃向非登記股東發出。「非登記股東」指其股份存放於中央結算及交收系統的人士或公司，及不時透過香港中央結算有限公司通知本公司希望收取公司通訊。如 閣下已經
     出售或轉讓所持有之本公司股份，則毋須理會本信函。

附註 2： 除非另有註明，「公司通訊」指本公司的年報、中期報告、會議通告、通函、代表委任表格及其他股東刊物。
