Annual Report 2017




Upgrading international departure
experience / New and expanded
security screening and processing
area / New retail hub / New
passenger lounge / Roading
and public transport upgrades
/ Providing more gates for
international aircraft / Expanding
our airfield / New five-star hotel /
Building a new domestic jet terminal
/ Improving international arrival
experience / Upgrading international
check-in area / Second runway /
Building the future…


                        ...The biggest changes in our
                     history are now being delivered.
We’re investing more than
$1 million every working
day to implement our
30-year vision...                                                                     Improve
                                                                                      international
                                                                                      arrival
                                                                                      experience
                                                                                      ––––– 2020



                                                                                           Second
                                                                                           runway
                                                                                           ––––– 2028




                                                            More international
                                                            aircraft gates
                                                            ––––– 2017, 2018 & 2020




                                                                                 Airfield expansion
                                                                                 ––––– 2022



CONCEPT IMAGERY IS INDICATIVE ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE USED
FOR PLANNING PURPOSES. DATES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.
                                       Improved
                                       public transport
                                       and roading
New 5-star                             infrastructure
hotel                                  ––––– 2017 to 2022
––––– 2020


             Upgrade
             international
             departure
             experience
             ––––– 2017 & 2018

                                                  New domestic
                                                  jet terminal
                                                  ––––– 2022
                       Upgrade
                       international
                       check-in area
                       ––––– 2022




                   ...with approximately $2 billion
                    to be invested in aeronautical
                       infrastructure over the next
                                five financial years.
New
international
departure
experience
A reconfigured landside farewell portal,
a new and expanded security screening
and processing area, a new retail hub
and a new passenger lounge.
     Current Status
   Opened the first stages
   of both the new security
screening space and the new
 stores for our two duty free
operators. Western retail and
lounge area structure nearing
 completion in readiness for
                                Target Completion
        interior works.             Mid-2018
Extending
Pier B of the
international
terminal
Additional international gate lounges
and airbridges to accommodate two
more A380 or B787 aircraft, or four
smaller A320 or B737 aircraft.
    Current Status
New fuel pipelines installed;
  airfield stands 17 and 18
 complete; construction of
gate lounges, gatehouse and
                                Target Completion
 arrivals corridor underway.        Early-2018
     Improving the
     airport’s roads
     and public
     transport
     infrastructure
     New transport projects to improve travel
     around Auckland Airport and support
     better public transport options.




          Current Status
  Upgraded Puhinui Road roundabout;
     expanded Park & Ride car park;
    upgraded traffic light phasing and
lane configurations at key intersections;
     upgrading Nixon Road; ongoing
  advocacy for improvements to public
  transport services and state highway
     access to and from the airport.
Target Completion
       2020
8    Annual Report 2017




    Connecting
    Auckland with
    New Zealand
    & New Zealand
    with the world
    Auckland Airport is the third busiest international airport in
    Australasia. More than three-quarters of all international visitors
    to New Zealand arrive here, with 19 million passengers having
    travelled through our terminals in the past 12 months. We play
    a significant role in supporting New Zealand businesses, with
    around $15 billion worth of freight passing through the airport
    every year. Around 15,000 people, across more than 100
    businesses, work here. The wider airport precinct features
    a world-class business park, commercial office buildings,
    transport and logistics warehouses, hotels and leisure and
    recreation facilities.
    We are proud of what has been achieved at Auckland Airport
    since it opened in 1966. Today, we are focused on making
    Auckland an aviation hub for New Zealand and the Pacific Rim,
    and on being able to accommodate the increasing number of
    passengers and aircraft wanting to use Auckland Airport.
    Implementation of our 30-year vision to build the “airport of
    the future” is well underway. It’s creating jobs, boosting tourism
    and household incomes and lifting our regional economy and
    we are playing our part in maintaining New Zealand’s reputation
    as one of the world’s great travel destinations.

    Contents

    8 ———— 
           Connecting Auckland with New Zealand
                  & New Zealand with the world
    10 ———— Nau mai & welcome
    12 ———— Our year in numbers
    14 ———— Faster, Higher, Stronger
    16 ———— Investing in our infrastructure
    20 ———— Investing in tourism growth
    24 ———— Investing in our customer experience
    28 ———— Being a good employer and neighbour
    32 ———— Governance and leadership
    34 ———— Financial summary


                              Online report
                              View our interactive report at
                              report.aucklandairport.co.nz
                              It has been designed for ease of
                              online use, with tablets in mind.
30-YEAR VISION FOR THE AIRPORT OF THE FUTURE




  NOTE: CONCEPT IMAGERY IS INDICATIVE ONLY AND
  SHOULD NOT BE USED FOR PLANNING PURPOSES.
10    Annual Report 2017




     Nau mai
     & welcome
     Nau mai and welcome to Auckland Airport’s
     annual report for the 2017 financial year.


     The 12 months to 30 June 2017 was another         We fast-tracked a number of planned             Ara, our airport jobs and skills hub, continues
     strong year of growth right across our            roading and transport improvements on           to deliver real benefits, providing more than
     business with the company continuing to           our own network to improve traffic flows,       1,300 training opportunities and placing
     focus on upgrading its airport infrastructure,    including upgrading the Puhinui Road            190 people into jobs – 82% of whom were
     growing and supporting tourism and providing      roundabout, upgrading the traffic light         South Aucklanders.
     the best possible customer experience             phasing and lane configurations at the          In the year to 30 June 2017 the total number
     during a time of significant change.              airport’s George Bolt Memorial Drive and        of passengers using our airport increased by
     To help accommodate the ongoing increase          Tom Pearce Drive intersection, and updating     10.2% to 19 million. Domestic passengers
     in passengers and aircraft, we continued to       the lane configurations at the airport’s        were up 8.9% to 8.6 million, international
     spend more than $1 million every working          George Bolt Memorial Drive and Laurence         passengers (excluding transit passengers)
     day on our core airport infrastructure.           Stevens Drive roundabout. We also               were up 11% to 9.7 million and international
     There are now 44 aeronautical projects            announced, in June 2017, the details of         transit passengers were up 16.8% to
     underway across the airport, each in excess       four new transport projects as part of our      0.7 million.
     of $1 million, and we plan to invest around       longer-term plan to improve travel around
                                                                                                       Total revenue was up 9.7% to $629.3 million,
     $2 billion in aeronautical capital expenditure    the airport over the next three years.
                                                                                                       while operating expenses were up 8.8% to
     by the 2022 financial year. During the 2017       Late in the 2017 financial year we announced    $156.2 million. Earnings before interest
     financial year, we progressed the upgrade         our new aeronautical prices for the next five   expense, taxation, depreciation, fair value
     of our international departure area and the       financial years – the result of a year-long     adjustments and investments in associates
     extension of Pier B of the international          consultation process with airlines on           (EBITDAFI) increased 9.9% to $473.1 million.
     terminal to provide two more aircraft gates       investment plans, operations and pricing.
                                                                                                       Total profit after tax was up 26.9% to
     and expanded departure lounges. We also           The outcome of that consultation process, in
                                                                                                       $332.9 million, while underlying profit after
     further developed our airfield including          real terms, sees average annual international
                                                                                                       tax was up 16.5% to $247.8 million. As a
     upgrading existing and building new remote        passenger charges reducing by 1.7% per
                                                                                                       result, our underlying earnings per share is
     aircraft stands.                                  annum and domestic passenger charges
                                                                                                       up 16.2% to 20.8 cents. Our final dividend
     We have continued to sustainably grow travel      increasing by just 0.8% per annum over the
                                                                                                       for the 2017 financial year is up 16.7% to
     markets to increase our air connectivity, which   next five years. We also confirmed that a
                                                                                                       10.5 cents per share, delivering a total
     is essential for a city and country reliant on    runway land charge of $1.19 (excluding GST)
                                                                                                       dividend of 20.5 cents, an increase of 17.1%
     tourism and trade for its economic prosperity.    per passenger will likely be introduced from
                                                                                                       compared with the 2016 financial year.
     We have also maintained our support for           the start of the 2021 financial year once
                                                                                                       Auckland Airport’s performance in the 2017
     the New Zealand tourism industry, especially      certain operational and construction triggers
                                                                                                       financial year means the five-year average
     the operators who provide our international       are met.
                                                                                                       annual shareholder return is 26.3%.
     visitors with high-quality experiences. We        Together, our modest price changes for the
                                                                                                       During the 2017 financial year, the Board
     also joined with other industry leaders           2018–2022 financial years and our $2 billion
                                                                                                       elected to reinstate our dividend reinvestment
     to encourage the Government to develop            infrastructure investment plan will deliver
                                                                                                       plan to provide funding flexibility to support
     new and innovative ways to upgrade                significant benefits for passengers. The new
                                                                                                       our investment in new infrastructure and
     tourism infrastructure.                           pricing and capital expenditure programme
                                                                                                       growth opportunities. The dividend
     Auckland Airport remained focused on its          also balances the needs of passengers,
                                                                                                       reinvestment plan will again be in place for
     customers during the 2017 financial year,         the airport community, the tourism industry,
                                                                                                       the 2017 financial year final dividend,
     ensuring their journeys through the airport       our investors and the airlines – ensuring
                                                                                                       enabling shareholders to elect to purchase
     are fast and efficient and they have a range      Auckland Airport has the infrastructure it
                                                                                                       Auckland Airport shares at a 2.5% discount
     of options when parking, shopping or staying      needs to continue connecting Auckland
                                                                                                       to market price, instead of receiving the
     here. Improving travel times and flows            with New Zealand and New Zealand with
                                                                                                       dividend as cash.
     around the airport precinct has been a top        the world.
     priority for the company in the 2017 financial    The 2017 financial year also saw
     year and we also continued to advocate to         Auckland Airport continue to focus on a
     central and local government the need for         wide range of activities to improve
     better public transport services and state        educational, employment and environmental
     highway access to and from the airport.           outcomes at the airport, in our local
                                                       communities and across the Auckland region.


          Auckland International Airport Limited
                                                                         We expect underlying profit after tax
                                                                         (excluding any fair value changes and other
                                                                         one-off items) for the 2018 financial year to
                                                                         be between $248 million and $257 million.
                                                                         This guidance would deliver underlying
                                                                         earnings per share growth of up to 3.7%
                                                                         compared with the 2017 financial year and
                                                                         reflects the impact of our new aeronautical
                                                                         prices commencing in the 2018 financial year.
                                                                         As always, this guidance is subject to any
                                                                         material adverse events, significant one-off
                                                                         expenses, non-cash fair value changes to
                                                                         property, and deterioration as a result of
                                                                         global market conditions or other
                                                                         unforeseeable circumstances.




                                                                         Sir Henry van der Heyden | Chair




                                                                         Adrian Littlewood | Chief Executive




                                                                           $ 247.8m
                                                                           AN INCREASE OF 16.5%

                                                                           Underlying profit
                                                                           The directors and management of
                                                                           Auckland Airport understand the importance
                                                                           of reported profits meeting accounting
                                                                           standards. However, due to the complexity
                                                                           of accounting standards, it may be difficult
                                                                           for investors to compare one financial year’s
                                                                           results with another. Therefore, we also
                                                                           provide an underlying profit measure to help
                                                                           investors compare profits between years
                                                                           and to make comparisons between different
                                                                           companies with confidence. We also believe
                                                                           that an underlying profit measure can assist
                                                                           investors to understand what is happening
                                                                           in a business such as Auckland Airport
                                                                           where revaluation changes can distort
                                                                           short-term financial results or where one-off
                                                                           transactions, both positive and negative,
                                                                           can occur.
                                                                           For several years, Auckland Airport has
                                                                           referred to underlying profits alongside
                                                                           reported results. We do so not only when
                                                                           we report our results but also when we give
                                                                           our market guidance (where we exclude fair
                                                                           value changes and other one-off items) or
                                                                           when we consider dividends and our policy
                                                                           to pay 100% of underlying profit after tax,
                                                                           excluding unrealised gains and losses
                                                                           arising from revaluation of property or
                                                                           treasury instruments and other one-off
                                                                           items. However, in referring to underlying
                                                                           profits, we acknowledge our obligation to
                                                                           show investors how such results have been
                                                                           derived. The reconciliation for the current
ADRIAN LITTLEWOOD, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND SIR HENRY VAN DER HEYDEN, CHAIR
                                                                           period can be found on page 34.
12   Annual Report 2017




     Our year
     in numbers
                   Passengers
                    Domestic                                   8.6m                 8.9%
                    International                              9.7m                 11%
                    International transits                     0.7m                 16.8%




                   Revenue

                   9.7%                                       $629.3m
                   Operating EBITDAFI

                   9.9%                                       $473.1m
                   Total profit

                   26.9%                                      $332.9m




     Health                                           Ara – Airport Jobs                Environmental
     and safety                                       and Skills Hub                    impact

         27%                                          1,342                                 7%
                              Reporting of safety
                              observations, hazards                 Training                     Energy use
                              and near misses                       opportunities                per passenger



         22%                   Employee recordable
                               injury rate            190      Total job
                                                               placements                   4%   Waste to landfill
                                                                                                 per passenger



                                                      156      South Aucklanders
                                                               placed in jobs

         Auckland International Airport Limited
19m
Underlying profit

16.5%
                                      10.2%




                                    $247.8m
Dividend per share

17.1%               Interim 17.6%
                    Final 16.7%     20.5 cents                           Interim 10 cents
                                                                         Final 10.5 cents




Underlying earnings per share

16.2%                               20.8 cents
Five-year average annual shareholder return

26.3%

$658,000                            $346,000
Invested in our local communities   Granted to community projects by the
                                    Auckland Airport Community Trust to support
                                    learning, literacy and life skills in South Auckland
14    Annual Report 2017




     Faster,
     Higher,
     Stronger
     In the 2013 financial year, we announced our strategic plan to grow
     faster, aim higher and become stronger. Our five-year business strategy
     – Faster, Higher, Stronger – focuses us on ‘making journeys better’
     for all customers and partners of Auckland Airport and responding
     to the challenges we have identified ahead. These challenges include
     fast-changing aviation markets and changing customer expectations,
     competitive pressure in our retail and commercial property markets,
     and a booming New Zealand tourism industry.




     We’re growing                                 We’re                       We’re being               We’re
     travel and                                    strengthening               fast, efficient           investing for
     trade markets                                 our consumer                and effective             future growth
                                                   business
     We have an ambitious                          We are strengthening        We are improving our      We are building on our
     and innovative approach                       and extending our           performance by            strong foundations for
     to helping New Zealand                        retail, transport and       increasing the            long-term, sustainable
     sustainably unlock growth                     accommodation               productivity of our       growth by investing in
     opportunities in travel,                      businesses to ensure we     assets, processes and     the infrastructure
     trade and tourism.                            can respond to evolving     operations. A fast,       required to meet
     Growing travel markets                        customer needs. This        efficient and effective   long-term customer
     with our airline and                          means we are increasing     airport makes journeys    needs. This makes
     industry partners makes                       the range of products and   better by saving time     journeys better both
     journeys better by                            services we provide and     and money for airlines    within the airport and
     providing customers                           making Auckland Airport     and passengers.           around our vibrant
     with greater choice and                       more appealing to our                                 business district.
     more-convenient flight                        customers – in short,
     schedules and providing                       we are making their
     better value for money for                    journeys better.
     all customers and partners
     of Auckland Airport.




          Auckland International Airport Limited
Faster, Higher, Stronger embraces our objective of making journeys better and is a commitment to
improvement in everything we do. In 2013 the strategy set a number of new aspirations to drive
our company’s performance. These high-level aspirations and our progress to date are not market
guidance, and the results are likely to fluctuate from year to year. However, they provide the
company with a sharp focus on important goals that underpin our long-term success. In the 2017
financial year, we continued to deliver on the aspirational goals of Faster, Higher, Stronger.




Aspirations:                                                             How we tracked in FY17:


               400,000                                                                 356,315
               Double Chinese arrivals to 400,000                                      A slight decrease of 2,955 in FY17
               by FY17, up from 213,781 in FY13




               $60m                                                                    $72.9m
               Build property rent roll to $60 million                                 An increase of $9.9 million in FY17
               by FY17, up from $44 million in FY13




               10m                                                                     9.7m
               Achieve 10 million international                                        An increase of 1 million in FY17
               passengers by FY18, up from
               7.3 million in FY13




               20m                                                                     19 m
               Reach 20 million total passengers by                                    An increase of 1.8 million in FY17
               FY20, up from 14.5 million in FY13
16   Annual Report 2017




                 Investing
                 in our
                 strategy

                  Investing in our infrastructure




     PIER B EXTENSION UNDER CONSTRUCTION



         Auckland International Airport Limited
                                                                                                     “
                                                                                                     Auckland Airport is making
                                                                                                     a significant investment in
                                                                                                     its infrastructure which will
                                                                                                     both benefit and excite
                                                                                                     generations of Kiwis and
                                                                                                     international visitors. You
                                                                                                     can immediately tell from
                                                                                                     the number of cranes
                                                                                                     above the international
                                                                                                     terminal and the number of
                                                                                                     construction workers on
                                                                                                     site that this is one of the
                                                                                                     biggest infrastructure
                                                                                                     upgrades currently
                                                                                                     underway in New Zealand.”
                                                                                                     STEPHEN SELWOOD, CHIEF EXECUTIVE
                                                                                                     INFRASTRUCTURE NEW ZEALAND




During the 2017 financial year                    During the 2017 financial year we also
Auckland Airport undertook its most               commenced construction of the international
significant upgrade programme ever in             terminal’s Pier B extension. This project
support of the strong and ongoing growth          will provide two more gate lounges and



                                                                                                     $1m
in New Zealand tourism. We are now                additional airbridges to accommodate the
investing more than $1 million every working      increasing number of international aircraft
day on our core airport infrastructure            using our airport. The first new gate lounge
and over the next five financial years we         and airbridges – Gate 17 – will open on
expect this level of aeronautical capital         Pier B prior to the 2017/18 summer peak            –––– WE ARE NOW INVESTING MORE THAN
expenditure to total around $2 billion. Our       season and the second gate lounge and              $1 MILLION EVERY WORKING DAY ON OUR
investment in infrastructure will ensure we       airbridges – Gate 18 – will be completed by        CORE AIRPORT INFRASTRUCTURE.
can accommodate the current and forecast          early-2018. This extension project will enable
passenger and aircraft growth over the next       Pier B to accommodate four A380 or B787



                                                                                                     $2b
30 years, as well as the increasing traffic       aircraft at the same time or, alternatively,
volumes being experienced in our part of          it could accommodate eight smaller
Auckland and into the airport.                    international aircraft.
In the 12 months to 30 June 2017, we              In addition to the investments we made in
progressed the major upgrade of our               our terminal infrastructure during the 2017        –––– OVER THE NEXT FIVE FINANCIAL
                                                                                                     YEARS WE EXPECT THIS LEVEL OF
international departure area. This upgrade        financial year, we significantly expanded our
                                                                                                     AERONAUTICAL CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
includes a reconfigured landside farewell         airfield infrastructure to better service          TO TOTAL AROUND $2 BILLION.
portal, a new and expanded security               international aircraft during our busiest
screening and processing area, a new              months. We built a new taxiway – Taxiway
retail hub and a new passenger lounge. It         Echo – and completed the construction of a
creates a uniquely New Zealand departure          new international airfield stand, fully serviced
experience and is themed a “haerenga”,            with fuel and other utilities. We progressed
or journey, from sea to land to sky. The          the construction of a second, fully serviced
construction of this significant infrastructure   international airfield stand, which is
project is well underway, with the opening in     scheduled for completion prior to the
late June 2017 of the new security screening      2017/18 summer peak season. We
space and the first phase of the new stores       upgraded two remote international airfield
for our two main duty free operators.             stands so they can each accommodate an
During the 2018 financial year we will deliver    A380, or two smaller aircraft. These airfield
the rest of the new international departure       upgrade works significantly increased our
experience, with the project due to be            airfield pavement by more than 63,000m2,
completed around the end of the 2018              or the equivalent of six rugby fields.
financial year. When finished, our new
international departure area will be more
than twice the size of the previous space.
18    Annual Report 2017




                                                                                                         63,000m2
                                                                                                         –––– OUR AIRFIELD UPGRADE WORKS
                                                                                                                                               +

                                                                                                         SIGNIFICANTLY INCREASED AIRFIELD
                                                                                                         PAVEMENT BY MORE THAN 63,000M2, OR
                                                                                                         THE EQUIVALENT OF SIX RUGBY FIELDS.
      DURING THE 2017 FINANCIAL YEAR, WE SIGNIFICANTLY
      EXPANDED OUR AIRFIELD INFRASTRUCTURE




                                                                                                         –––– WE ANNOUNCED THE
                                                                                                         IMPLEMENTATION OF A TRANSIT LANE
                                                                                                         SYSTEM ACROSS THE AIRPORT
                                                                                                         PRECINCT OVER THE NEXT THREE
                                                                                                         FINANCIAL YEARS FOR BUSES AND
                                                                                                         HIGH-OCCUPANCY VEHICLES.




      SCOTT STANDRING, PROJECT MANAGER,
      AIRPORT DEVELOPMENT & DELIVERY




     In the 12 months to 30 June 2017, we             We also fast-tracked a number of planned
     also progressed the design and planning          roading and transport upgrades on our own
     approvals needed to build our second             network. In the first half of the 2017 financial
     runway, and have advanced the concept            year we:
     planning of the new domestic jet terminal.
                                                      • upgraded the Puhinui Road roundabout
     The strong and ongoing growth of Auckland          to help improve the eastern access
     continues to put additional pressure               to the airport from State Highway
     on the city’s transport infrastructure,            20B/Puhinui Road
     including around Auckland Airport. Given
                                                      • added more car parks to our Park & Ride
     the importance of air connectivity for
                                                        facility, mostly for use by staff working at
     New Zealand’s travel, trade and tourism
                                                        the international terminal to remove staff
     sectors, improving land transport access
                                                        traffic from the inner airport roads
     to and from Auckland Airport must remain
     a priority for central and local government      • upgraded the traffic light phasing and lane
     transport agencies. The opening of the             configurations at the airport’s George Bolt
     $1.4 billion Waterview Connection in               Memorial Drive and Tom Pearce Drive
     July 2017 has improved travel times between        intersection to improve traffic flows
     the city and the airport and its surrounding     • updated the lane configurations at the
     suburbs. It has also positively impacted           airport’s George Bolt Memorial Drive and
     wider Auckland traffic flows. The $146 million     Laurence Stevens Drive roundabout to
     upgrade of the State Highway 20A/Kirkbride         improve traffic flows
     Road intersection – scheduled to open
     during the 2018 financial year – should also     • developed new traffic management plans
     improve travel times to and from the airport.      for use when the airport roading network
                                                        is particularly busy.
     We continued to advocate throughout the
     2017 financial year for additional transport     In June 2017 we announced four transport
     network improvements, in particular an           projects as part of our longer-term plan to
     upgrade to State Highway 20B/Puhinui Road        improve travel around the airport over the
     and improved public transport services. We       next three financial years. These include:
     are working closely with the New Zealand         • construction of an iconic new gateway
     Transport Agency and Auckland Transport to         bridge over George Bolt Memorial Drive
     advance both short and longer-term roading         for pedestrians and cyclists to connect
     and public transport solutions for South           “the Quad” hotel and commercial precinct
     Auckland and the airport precinct, including       with the airport terminals and take cars off
     a rail service.                                    the main road network



          Auckland International Airport Limited
AN ICONIC NEW GATEWAY BRIDGE OVER GEORGE BOLT MEMORIAL DRIVE WAS ANNOUNCED IN THE 2017 FINANCIAL YEAR




“
                                         • improving traffic flows and improving           The bridge will also significantly improve the
                                           public transport access to the domestic         walking and cycling experience between our
                                           terminal by Christmas 2017 through the          commercial precinct and the terminals.
Auckland Airport is an                     provision of more space for buses on
economic powerhouse for                    the terminal forecourt and a new and            Investment property
the region and New Zealand,                separate access road for taxis and buses        During the 2017 financial year,
connecting workers,                      • implementing a transit lane system across       Auckland Airport continued to invest in
                                           the airport precinct between December           its property business. We completed
employers and manufacturers                2017 and 2020 for buses and high-               construction of the new Quad 7 office
with their domestic and                    occupancy vehicles                              building, delivering 9,000m2 of office space
international markets. The               • upgrading Nixon Road by
                                                                                           for both aeronautical and non-aeronautical
                                                                                           tenants on Leonard Isitt Drive. We also
investment being made by                   October 2017 to provide a new route
                                                                                           completed a 15,000m2 Fonterra chilled
                                           to Auckland Airport’s Park & Ride on
Auckland Airport to upgrade                Verissimo Drive without the need for
                                                                                           and frozen facility on Timberly Road and
its infrastructure, including              drivers to use the main intersection that
                                                                                           a fully-leased 9,600m2 development on
                                                                                           Maurice Wilson Avenue. We commenced
the strong focus on improving              connects the domestic and international
                                                                                           construction on a new building to
                                           terminals at Tom Pearce Drive and
transport around the airport               George Bolt Memorial Drive.
                                                                                           accommodate the Ministry for Primary
                                                                                           Industries and a new 7,000m2 warehouse
and advocating to central                These new transport projects will help            and office facility for international freight-
and local government the                 improve traffic flows and travel times around     forwarding specialist Röhlig Logistics.
need to improve access to                the airport, and help our transport network       The new facility will complete the Stage 2
                                         accommodate the increasing number of              development of The Landing, our world-class
and from the airport, will               buses that will travel to and from the airport    business park. In the 12 months to
benefit us all – for many,               in the future.                                    30 June 2017 we also advanced civil and
many years to come.”                     Our new gateway bridge will be a                  roading works on Phase 3 of The Landing,
                                         spectacular sight as you enter and leave          which will deliver an additional 12 hectares
KIM CAMPBELL, CHIEF EXECUTIVE                                                              of developed land, to ensure we can
EMPLOYERS’ AND MANUFACTURERS’
                                         Auckland Airport to the north towards the
                                         city. Designed by architects Warren and           accommodate new business seeking
ASSOCIATION (NORTHERN)
                                         Mahoney, the suspension bridge will feature       space close to the airport.
                                         a 40m-high concrete mast inspired by the
                                         form of a huia feather with a white light-
                                         tipped column and Ma- ori motifs. It will be an
                                         urban beacon and precinct marker that will
                                         be visible across the airport, both during the
                                         day and at night.
20   Annual Report 2017




                  Investing in tourism growth




     HOOKER VALLEY TRACK WITH VIEWS TO AORAKI (MT COOK) AND HOOKER GLACIER, SOUTH ISLAND



         Auckland International Airport Limited
 QATAR AIRWAYS STARTED A NEW DAILY B777 SERVICE BETWEEN DOHA AND AUCKLAND IN FEBRUARY 2017




7
                                          Sustainably growing Auckland Airport’s air       Building on the capacity growth in the 2016
                                          connectivity continues to be essential for our   financial year, the 12 months to 30 June
                                          long-term performance, and the combination       2017 also saw the launch of eight new
                                          of new airlines, new services and new            international routes, seven new international
–––– THE 2017 FINANCIAL YEAR SAW          capacity provides the growth that underpins      airlines and a 14.5% increase in international
SEVEN NEW INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES.
                                          our ongoing success.                             seat capacity.
                                          In the 2017 financial year the total number      • In July 2016, United Airlines introduced
                                          of passenger movements was up 10.2%                a three-flights-per-week B787 Dreamliner
                                          to 19 million. International passengers            service between Auckland and San
                                          (excluding transits) were up 11% to                Francisco. From October 2016 this
                                          9.7 million, and domestic passengers               service increased to a daily service using



      14.5%
                                          were up 8.9% to 8.6 million. International         a larger B777 aircraft; however, it was
                                          transit passenger movements were up                placed on hold in April 2017 and will
                                          16.8% to 0.7 million.                              recommence in October 2017.
                                                                                           • The success of Emirates’ Auckland to
–––– INTERNATIONAL SEAT CAPACITY          International
                                                                                             Dubai direct daily service, launched in the
INCREASED 14.5% IN THE 12 MONTHS
                                          The 12 months to 30 June 2017 saw the              2016 financial year, saw the airline replace
TO 30 JUNE 2017.
                                          following broad-based growth in our                its B777 aircraft with a larger A380 in
                                          international passenger markets:                   October 2016.
                                          • Australia grew by 6.2%                         • In November 2016, Hong Kong Airlines
                                          • Europe grew by 15.6%                             commenced a daily A330 service
                                                                                             between Hong Kong and Auckland. The
                                          • North America grew by 29.1%                      airline increased this service to 10 flights
                                          • Asia grew by 7.4%.                               per week between December 2016 and
                                                                                             February 2017.
                                          The above growth in arriving and departing
                                          international passengers reflects the efforts    • In December 2016, Tianjin Airlines
                                          made by Auckland Airport and the                   commenced its first Australasian service,
                                          New Zealand tourism industry to diversify          with up to three-flights-per-week using an
                                          international passenger growth across a            A330 aircraft between Auckland and the
                                          number of markets and to mitigate the risks        Chinese cities of Tianjin and Chongqing.
                                          that any one market declines in the future.      • Also in December 2016, Hainan Airlines
                                          Pleasingly, travel by New Zealand residents        started a new direct A330 service from
                                          was also strong, up by 11.5%, and now              Shenzhen in southern China.
                                          represents 47% of our total growth in
                                          international passengers.
22    Annual Report 2017




      NGATI WHATUA ORAKEI WELCOME THE SUN AND ACKNOWLEDGE THE EARTH IN THEIR RA KARAKIA CEREMONY




     • In February 2017, Qatar Airways started         Jetstar also experienced strong capacity            is an exciting development for the region,
       a new daily B777 service between Doha           growth in the 12 months to 30 June 2017,            the airport and passengers who now have
       and Auckland – our second direct Middle         up by 8.9% or 197,000 seats. This growth            more flexibility and connectivity across
       Eastern route and the world’s longest-          was a result of the airline operating a full year   airline networks.
       duration commercial passenger flight.           of regional services, with an average of 11
                                                                                                           To provide its visitors with greater choices
                                                       return Jetstar services every day between
     • Sichuan Airlines launched a three-times-                                                            and to help address car parking pressures,
                                                       Auckland Airport and Nelson, Napier,
       per-week A330 service from Chengdu                                                                  Queenstown Airport has opened a new
                                                       New Plymouth and Palmerston North.
       in June 2017. Sichuan Airlines is the                                                               150-space Park & Ride facility. In the 2017
       seventh airline flying passengers                                                                   financial year Queenstown Airport also
                                                       Queenstown Airport and
       between Auckland and mainland China.                                                                expanded its commercial transport operator
                                                       North Queensland Airports
                                                                                                           pick-up and drop-off zone, and extended its
     The 2017 financial year also saw
                                                       We maintained our support for the                   short and long-term car parking facilities.
     Air New Zealand continue its international
                                                       development of Queenstown Airport and
     route expansion, adding a seasonal                                                                    Pleasingly, Cairns Airport continued to play
                                                       North Queensland Airports during the 2017
     three-flights-per-week B787 service between                                                           its part in growing travel markets during
                                                       financial year, providing strategic and
     Auckland and Osaka from November 2016.                                                                the 2017 financial year. The number of
                                                       commercial advice on everything from
     This is in addition to the new seat capacity                                                          international passengers increased 7.4% to
                                                       master-planning to aeronautical operations,
     delivered by its Ho Chi Minh City, Houston                                                            667,650, domestic passengers increased
                                                       retail and funding.
     and Buenos Aires services, launched in the                                                            3.5% to 4.4 million and transfer and transit
     2016 financial year. Also in the 2017 financial   Queenstown Airport’s passenger numbers              passengers increased 17.3% to 171,603.
     year, Norfolk Island Airlines reopened            continued to grow in the 12 months to               The airport’s strong international passenger
     services on the Norfolk Island to                 30 June 2017. It increased its number of            performance was in part due to growth
     Auckland route.                                   international passengers to more than               on the airport’s Tokyo and Osaka routes,
                                                       532,000, up 12.1%, and also increased               which were up 19%. The arrival of a new
     Domestic                                          the number of domestic passengers to                international airline, Jin Air, also contributed
                                                       1.4 million, up 15.6%.                              to the growth, as did increased flight
     The 2017 financial year saw strong growth
     in Air New Zealand’s domestic seat capacity,      In the 2017 financial year Queenstown               frequencies by Hong Kong Airlines, SilkAir
     up by 8.8% or 650,000 seats. This growth          Airport started welcoming evening flights           and Jetstar. We expect that Cairns Airport’s
     was driven by additional capacity from new        during winter months, allowing the airport          international passenger numbers will continue
     aircraft and increased frequency on the           to maximise its operating hours of 6am to           to grow in the 2018 financial year with the
     airline’s Wellington, Christchurch and            10pm and reduce peak-time pressure on               announcement that China Southern Airlines
     Queenstown services. Pleasingly, market           its facilities and services. All four airlines      will commence a year-round, three-flights-
     stimulation saw passenger numbers increase        operating at Queenstown Airport –                   per-week, service from Guangzhou to Cairns
     at a greater rate than capacity growth on         Air New Zealand, Jetstar, Virgin Australia and      in December 2017.
     Air New Zealand’s regional services.              Qantas – are now certified to fly after-dark
                                                       services in and out of the resort town. This



          Auckland International Airport Limited
                                     QUEENSTOWN AIRPORT’S PASSENGER NUMBERS
                                     CONTINUED TO GROW IN THE 12 MONTHS TO 30 JUNE 2017



8
–––– EIGHT NEW INTERNATIONAL
ROUTES WERE LAUNCHED IN THE
2017 FINANCIAL YEAR.




$50,000 x2
–––– WE PROVIDED TWO GRANTS OF
$50,000 TO SUPPORT OPERATORS WHO
OFFER OUTSTANDING SEASONAL AND
REGIONAL TOURISM PRODUCTS FOR
VISITORS FROM CHINA, AUSTRALIA,
UNITED STATES OR INDIA.




“
                                    Unfortunately, Mackay Airport’s passenger       Given the ongoing strong growth in tourism,
                                    numbers decreased by 8.4% to 774,969            we worked with Air New Zealand,
As a large tourism operation        during the 2017 financial year, in part due     Christchurch Airport and Tourism Holdings
                                    to its Sydney route being cancelled and         Limited during the 2017 financial year to
Te Puia continues to see the        the ongoing softening of the mining and         commission research on how best to fund
benefits of Auckland Airport’s      resources industry.                             New Zealand’s public tourism-related
efforts to grow international                                                       infrastructure. The project proposed that
                                    Tourism                                         a new national tourism entity be created,
inbound air capacity. The                                                           focused on developing local and mixed-use
                                    Auckland Airport plays an important tourism
growth in air capacity has          sector leadership role, ensuring there is       infrastructure and funded by a targeted
meant a significant increase in     sufficient capacity and connectivity to allow   tourism infrastructure levy and new
                                                                                    government funding. The project report was
visitor numbers and revenue         tourism, travel and trade markets to continue
                                                                                    provided to the Government to assist it with
                                    to grow.
for Te Puia. This in turn has                                                       policy development. Following the report’s
                                    We have continued to develop strategic          launch, the Government announced that it
given us the confidence to          off-shore markets, such as Australia, the       will invest $102 million over four years in a
invest over $20 million in new      United States, Indonesia and India, to drive    new Tourism Infrastructure Fund to develop
facilities that will enhance the    passenger volumes and demand, especially        mixed public and tourist infrastructure. The
                                    in the low, off-peak season. We also            Government also announced it will invest
visitor experience in the future.   continued to support New Zealand tourism        $76 million over four years to improve the
Auckland Airport’s drive to         operators during the 2017 financial year.       Department of Conservation’s tourism-
                                    Once again we brought together travel and
grow air capacity is tangible for   tourism industry leaders from throughout the
                                                                                    related infrastructure.

Te Puia and as such we look         country to participate in an international
at increased air capacity as        travel summit, and we also provided two
                                    grants of $50,000 to support operators who
one of the most critical leading    offer outstanding seasonal and regional
indicators in our business and      tourism products for visitors from China,
investment planning.”               Australia, United States or India.

TIM COSSAR, CHIEF EXECUTIVE
– TE PUIA, ROTORUA
24   Annual Report 2017




                  Investing in our
                  customer experience




     CAROLE CHANT, CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE, AERONAUTICAL OPERATIONS



         Auckland International Airport Limited
 WE INSTALLED 45 MOBILE INTERNATIONAL SELF-SERVICE CHECK-IN
 KIOSKS TO HELP PROVIDE THE BEST POSSIBLE PASSENGER EXPERIENCE




                                                                                                  30,000
During the 2017 financial year we remained      travel choices with personalised services
focused on our customers to ensure they         and benefits. These include longer access
have safe and enjoyable journeys when           to free and improved Wi-Fi, parking
                                                                                                                           +
travelling through Auckland Airport.            upgrades and discounts, special offers from
                                                participating general, duty free and food and     –––– MORE THAN 30,000 PEOPLE
We delivered a number of improvements
                                                beverage retailers, and discounted entry to       BECAME MEMBERS OF STRATA CLUB
across our terminals to help provide the best
                                                Auckland Airport’s Emperor Lounge. More           WITHIN THE FIRST FEW MONTHS
possible passenger experience during a                                                            OF LAUNCH.
                                                than 30,000 people became members of the
period of significant change, including:
                                                free-to-join programme within the first few
• installing 45 mobile international self-      months of launch.
  service check-in kiosks
                                                During the 2017 financial year we also
• reconfiguring our international               completed a significant upgrade to the
  check-in area to provide 13 more              Auckland Airport app. The upgrade allowed
  serviced counters                             us to incorporate both the Strata Club and
• upgrading our back-of-house international     a number of user experience improvements,
  baggage handling system                       many of which were based on specific
                                                customer feedback. In the 12 months to
• adding new technology to monitor              30 June 2017 downloads of the app
  real-time traffic movements across the        increased by 71%, user sessions increased
  airport precinct so we can improve the        by 56% and car parking bookings via the
  journey time information we provide           app increased by 185%.
  through our mobile and digital channels
                                                Bus operations are commonplace in airports
• expanding our popular concierge service       across the world, facilitating the transfer of
  for international passengers who prefer       passengers between lounges in the terminals
  a personalised and dedicated arrival          and aircraft parked on remote airfield stands.
  facilitation service.                         At Auckland Airport buses have played a
We also recruited more than 60 Passenger        critical role in servicing new demand while
Experience Assistants to help passengers        new aircraft piers, gates and stands are
during our busy December and January            developed. Internationally, bus operations
months, and additional Customer Service         often represent approximately 10% of an
Agents were recruited to proactively assist     airport’s total international flight movements.
travellers requiring assistance.                During the 2017 financial year, 9% of our
                                                international flights were serviced using
In March 2017 we launched Strata Club,
                                                buses and only 5% of our domestic flights
inviting travellers and other customers to
                                                were serviced by buses – all of which related
join our new, innovative, mobile-based
                                                to Jetstar’s regional flight operations.
programme designed to recognise their
26    Annual Report 2017




                                                                                                        –––– DOWNLOADS OF THE
      IN MARCH 2017 WE LAUNCHED OUR STRATA CLUB
                                                                                                        AUCKLAND AIRPORT APP INCREASED
                                                                                                        BY 71% IN THE 2017 FINANCIAL YEAR.




     To improve the customer experience during        We remain focused on the importance of            Drop & Ride has reduced traffic volumes on
     bus operations, we purchased two Aviramp         biosecurity screening to New Zealand. As          the inner airport roads and in the drop-off/
     mobile jet bridges and completed a tender        a result, we have continued to work with          pick-up zones at the terminals and is a quick
     for a new airfield bus fleet. Aviramps are       the Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) to      and easy way to drop off friends and family for
     covered ramps that protect passengers from       improve its international arrival process, by     their travel. We also introduced The Wait Zone
     bad weather and allow passengers to enter        introducing an additional baggage X-ray           for domestic customers, a 30-minute free
     or exit their aircraft without having to         machine, new detector dog teams and a             parking option located just two minutes from
     negotiate stairs. Aviramps also significantly    new biosecurity area layout and by opening        the terminal which helps keep traffic moving in
     improve the travel experience for passengers     a Green Lane. The Green Lane, which was           the domestic terminal’s drop-off/pick-up zone.
     with reduced mobility or using a wheelchair      constructed by Auckland Airport for MPI,
                                                                                                        Two hotels are currently located at
     by eliminating the need for a separate lift      helps deliver faster processing times for
                                                                                                        Auckland Airport, a 4.5-star Novotel hotel
     vehicle. Our two Aviramps will be delivered in   New Zealand and Australian passport
                                                                                                        and a 2.5-star ibis budget hotel. Both hotels
     October 2017 and if the trial is successful,     holders who arrive in the country and do not
                                                                                                        are popular with travellers and have high
     we will purchase more. Our 10 new airfield       have any food or other biosecurity risk items
                                                                                                        occupancy rates. Together with Tainui Group
     buses will be supplied by SkyBus and are         to declare.
                                                                                                        Holdings we progressed the design of a new
     scheduled to arrive in early 2018. They have                                                       5-star, 300-room hotel during the 2017
                                                      During the 2017 financial year, we continued
     been specifically designed for the comfort of                                                      financial year and selected Accor to operate
                                                      the process of selecting new tax and duty
     passengers being transferred between the                                                           it as a Pullman hotel. This new luxury hotel will
                                                      free retailers and food and beverage operators
     terminals and aircraft parked on remote                                                            be located close to our international terminal
                                                      to sell products representing the best of
     airfield stands.                                                                                   and increases the accommodation options
                                                      New Zealand and the world. We will be
     Auckland Airport continued to work closely       announcing the names of new retailers closer      available at the airport. The new 5-star hotel is
     with government agencies during the 2017         to the store opening dates, which will start      scheduled to open in the 2020 financial year.
     financial year to improve the efficiency of      before Christmas 2017.
     border services for our passengers. In
                                                      To further improve our customer experience
     particular we worked with the New Zealand
                                                      before people reach the terminal buildings,
     Aviation Security Service (AvSec) to improve
                                                      we have provided additional public car parks
     processing times by installing a seventh
                                                      closer to the international terminal and at our
     security screening machine in the
                                                      Park & Ride facility. At Park & Ride, we also
     international departure area and improving
                                                      introduced a new valet parking service and
     the international transit screening facility.
                                                      a new Drop & Ride service.




          Auckland International Airport Limited
                                                TOGETHER WITH TAINUI GROUP HOLDINGS WE PROGRESSED THE DESIGN OF A
                                                  NEW 5-STAR, 300-ROOM PULLMAN HOTEL DURING THE 2017 FINANCIAL YEAR




“
Auckland Airport is such an
incredible place to work –
seeing the excitement of
passengers heading off on
their journey and the sense of
joy from both first-time and
returning travellers. As a team,
we are 100% committed to
ensuring an amazing
experience every day of the
year for all passengers who
pass through our international
and domestic terminals.”
                                   ANIL VARMA, MANAGER SECURITY AND EMERGENCY SERVICES, AERONAUTICAL OPERATIONS
TRISH COCHRANE
TERMINAL SERVICES MANAGER
AUCKLAND AIRPORT
28   Annual Report 2017




                  Being a good employer
                  and neighbour




     MANUREWA HIGH SCHOOL’S JOSHUA ROBERTS DEVELOPING HIS SKILLS THROUGH ARA’S WORK EXPERIENCE PROGRAMME



         Auckland International Airport Limited
                                                  23
                                                  –––– 23 PEOPLE NOW TRAINED TO
                                                  INVESTIGATE HEALTH AND SAFETY
                                                  INCIDENTS ACROSS THE COMPANY.




                                                  68%
                                                  –––– STAFF HEALTH AND SAFETY
                                                  ENGAGEMENT INCREASED TO 68%,
                                                  AN INDICATOR OF AN INCREASINGLY
                                                  PROACTIVE CULTURE IN THIS
                                                  ALL-IMPORTANT AREA.




Our people                                        The learning and development requirements
                                                  of employees has also been a key focus for
Our company’s ongoing financial and
                                                  the company during the 2017 financial year.
non-financial success is very much due to
                                                  Investment in our people is essential and
the efforts of the people who work here.
                                                  ensures they have the skills they need to do
Auckland Airport has therefore remained
                                                  their jobs to the best of their abilities. To help
focussed on being a good employer in the
                                                  achieve this, in the 2017 financial year we
2017 financial year.
                                                  refreshed the company’s on-boarding and
The health and safety of employees,               induction programme, completed talent
contractors, customers and visitors remained      reviews and succession plans, offered six
a top priority for Auckland Airport in the        new programmes under the professional
12 months to 30 June 2017. The company            development framework and initiated a
continued to grow the team responsible for        new Leadership Congress for 70 of our
supporting our employees, with 23 people          senior managers.
now trained to investigate health and safety
                                                  Valuing different backgrounds and viewpoints
incidents across the company, and
                                                  underpins a constructive workplace
significantly enhanced our permit to work
                                                  environment and Auckland Airport has
system for managing higher-risk and
                                                  continued to focus on highlighting and
non-routine physical works. Pleasingly, in
                                                  celebrating the diversity of its people and its
the 12 months to 30 June 2017 staff health
                                                  commitment to inclusion throughout the
and safety engagement increased to 68%,
                                                  2017 financial year. A particular focus in the
an indicator of an increasingly proactive
                                                  12 months to June 2017 has been increasing
culture in this all-important area. Underlying
                                                  the number of women employed as a
this result, the 2017 financial year saw a
                                                  proportion of employees. During the 2017
27% increase in the reporting of safety
                                                  financial year, women represented 38% of
observations, hazards and near misses, a
                                                  our workforce, 22% of our Leadership Team
22% decrease in the employee recordable
                                                  and 38% of our Board, and 100% of our
injury frequency rate and an 81% reduction in
                                                  Future Directors have been women. We have
the contractor lost time injury frequency rate.
                                                  also continued to celebrate cultural diversity,
These further improvements are evidence
                                                  with sponsorship of, and employee
of a culture where people are increasingly
                                                  involvement with, Auckland’s ASB Polyfest,
focused on eliminating health and safety
                                                  Ma- ori Language Week activities and the
hazards before they cause injury.
                                                  development of a company waiata.
30    Annual Report 2017



     In addition to the number of investments          In June 2017 we were proud to host the          Our local communities tell us that education
     we are making in Auckland Airport’s people        official launch of Ara – the Auckland Airport   is important to them and Auckland Airport
     and people-related systems, ongoing               Jobs and Skills Hub. The launch by the          has continued to develop a comprehensive
     enhancements to the airport’s built and           Minister of Tertiary Education, Skills and      programme that empowers people through
     natural environment are also ensuring we          Employment was attended by around 100           educational initiatives. In the 12 months to
     are a great place to work. The significant        employers, community members, local             30 June 2017, we have awarded eight
     investments we are making in improving the        schools, central and local government           education scholarships to students from local
     airport’s transport network and our advocacy      representatives, people connected to jobs       schools. Our educational focus also saw 50
     to improve public transport and state             through Ara, training providers and people      students from five local schools participate in a
     highway access will play a key role in the        from across the wider airport community.        work experience programme, and the ongoing
     long-term attractiveness of Auckland Airport      It was a celebration of the achievements of     sponsorship of the Counties Manukau Life
     as a place to do business and to work.            Ara, which in the 12 months to 30 June 2017     Education Trust, ASB Polyfest and the
                                                       organised 1,342 training opportunities and      Auckland Arts Festival’s schools programme.
     In August 2016, to recognise the efforts of our
                                                       placed 190 people into employment – 156
     whole team and the contribution they made to                                                      As a major New Zealand company we are
                                                       of them living in South Auckland and 74 of
     strong company performance in the 2016                                                            committed to operating in an environmentally
                                                       whom were previously receiving a central
     financial year, the Board and Chief Executive                                                     sustainable way and we are well on track to
                                                       government benefit.
     approved a one-off performance bonus                                                              achieving our 2020 goal of reducing our
     payment of $1,500 (before tax) to all             As we continue to build the airport of the      environmental footprint by 20% per passenger.
     permanent employees who do not already            future, we believe Ara will go from strength
                                                                                                       Pleasingly, in the 2017 financial year the
     participate in the short-term incentive scheme.   to strength. It showcases long-term,
                                                                                                       amount of waste per passenger sent to
                                                       sustainable, ‘shared value’ corporate social
                                                                                                       landfill decreased by a further 4% and
     Our neighbours                                    responsibility by providing training and
                                                                                                       energy use per passenger fell by 7%.
     Throughout the 2017 financial year we have        long-term employment opportunities for
                                                                                                       We established a transitional waste facility
     continued to invest in our local community,       people in our local community, and at the
                                                                                                       to improve the sorting of aeronautical
     focusing our investment in our corporate          same time assisting the company to progress
                                                                                                       biosecurity waste and successfully
     social responsibility priorities of employment,   its infrastructure development programme.
                                                                                                       completed a three-year energy savings
     education and the environment.                                                                    agreement with the Energy Efficiency and
                                                                                                       Conservation Authority (EECA). We also




                                                                                                       $1,500
                                                                                                       –––– THE BOARD AND
                                                                                                       CHIEF EXECUTIVE APPROVED A
                                                                                                       ONE-OFF PERFORMANCE BONUS
                                                                                                       PAYMENT OF $1,500 (BEFORE TAX) TO
                                                                                                       ALL PERMANENT EMPLOYEES WHO
                                                                                                       DO NOT ALREADY PARTICIPATE IN THE
                                                                                                       SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE SCHEME.




                                                                                                       $346,000
                                                                                                       –––– THE AUCKLAND AIRPORT
                                                                                                       COMMUNITY TRUST AWARDED $346,000
                                                                                                       DURING THE 2017 FINANCIAL YEAR TO
                                                                                                       COMMUNITY PROJECTS IN THE PARTS OF
                                                                                                       SOUTH AUCKLAND MOST AFFECTED BY
                                                                                                       AIRCRAFT NOISE.




      FIA TAUVELA, AIRPORT SECURITY COORDINATOR
      PRESENTS THE AUCKLAND AIRPORT AWARD ON
      THE SAMOAN STAGE AT ASB POLYFEST



          Auckland International Airport Limited
 MARTIN FRYER, SUSTAINABILITY MANAGER, AIRPORT DEVELOPMENT & DELIVERY
 KATE THOMPSON, COMMUNICATIONS AND COMMUNITY RELATIONS MANAGER,
 PEOPLE & SAFETY




“
                                           undertook a new climate change analysis to       The Auckland Airport Community Trust
                                           increase our understanding and minimise our      awarded $346,000 during the 2017 financial
                                           risk in relation to climate change events.       year to community projects which supported
Auckland Airport clearly                                                                    learning, literacy and life skills in the parts of
understands its role in                    In addition to our focus on education,
                                                                                            South Auckland most affected by aircraft noise.
                                           employment and the environment, we have
ensuring the success of its                continued to support local initiatives through   The Trust also provided some homeowners
local community. As one of                 our community grants programme, including:       with financial assistance to pay their share of
                                                                                            the installation of noise mitigation packages.
the largest employers in the               • 18 “Our Auckland” grants, each
                                             of $1,000, to community groups                 Throughout the 2017 financial year
community, it is impressive                  across Auckland nominated by our               Auckland Airport has continued to develop
to see how wide ranging its                  Auckland Airport staff                         its relationship with mana whenua. In
support is, and its focus on               • 8 “He Tangata” grants, totalling $40,000,
                                                                                            addition to our regular engagement hui and
                                                                                            consultation on airport development, the
long term employment, as                     to support organisations nominated by
                                                                                            designers of our upgraded international
                                             local community members for the
the key highlight.”                          excellent work they do in South Auckland
                                                                                            departure experience and iconic gateway
                                                                                            bridge have been working closely with iwi
BACS – BUSINESS AND COMMUNITY              • $120,000 to 12 charities across Auckland
SHARES NEW ZEALAND                                                                          on some of the projects’ key design features.
                                             and New Zealand – also known as our            Auckland Airport also continues to support
                                             “12 Days of Christmas” grants which            the administration and maintenance of the
                                             distribute money donated by travellers         Te Manukanuka o Hoturoa Marae which is
                                             into our collection globes.                    located at the airport and is an important
                                           The many corporate social responsibility         community asset.
                                           initiatives undertaken by Auckland Airport
                                           are detailed in our annual Corporate Social
                                           Responsibility Report, which is available
                                           online: corporate.aucklandairport.co.nz/
                                           corporate-responsibility.
32    Annual Report 2017




     Governance
     & leadership
     Richard Didsbury                                   Sydney visit
     Richard Didsbury became a director of              As part of its ongoing commitment to
     the company in 2007 and is the Chair of            excellence, learning from other successful
     Auckland Airport’s safety and operational risk     companies and being engaged in regional
     committee. He has been a much-valued               aeronautical developments, the Board met
     member of the Board for the past 10 years          in Sydney in April 2017. Directors and
     and a champion for health and safety and           management visited Sydney Airport, which
     corporate social responsibility. Richard’s         welcomes more than 40 million passengers
     significant management and governance              every year, and discussed infrastructure
     experience in property, infrastructure and         development, trans-Tasman tourism and
     tourism, combined with his passion for             health and safety. A briefing was also held
     Auckland, has helped Auckland Airport to           with Facebook to discuss its travel and
     deliver strong results for investors, our city     tourism activities and with Qantas to discuss
     and the country.                                   airline infrastructure requirements and alliances.
                                                        Directors and management also met with the
     Richard’s retirement was deferred by the
                                                        New South Wales Government to discuss
     Board in 2016 so that it could retain his skills                                                          SCOTT TASKER, GENERAL MANAGER
                                                        the development of Sydney’s new airport in             AERONAUTICAL COMMERCIAL
     and experience to support the company’s
                                                        Badgerys Creek and met with Boeing to
     aeronautical and property infrastructure
                                                        discuss its view on the future of travel.
     investment programme. Richard will now                                                                  Leadership team change
     retire at the annual meeting in October 2017
                                                        NZX Code reporting                                   In July 2017, the Chief Executive announced
     and the Board is undertaking a search for a
     new director to fill the vacancy.                  The company has amended this annual                  the appointment of Scott Tasker as
                                                        report to ensure it incorporates the new             Auckland Airport’s new General Manager
                                                        corporate governance reporting principles            Aeronautical Commercial. Scott will lead the
                                                        issued by the New Zealand Stock Exchange,            company’s route development work
                                                        which take effect in the 2018 financial year.        programme, as well as its focus on tourism
                                                        The following key amendments have been               strategies and sustainably growing airline
                                                        made to the corporate governance section of          services to New Zealand. Scott brings 21
                                                        our 2017 annual report, located on page 14           years of experience in the travel industry to
                                                        of the 2017 financial statements:                    the role and for the past two and a half years
                                                                                                             he has led our aeronautical commercial
                                                        • All “Principles” are now in the same order         activities in the Americas market and
                                                          as, and labelled in accordance with the            overseen significant growth in new carriers
                                                          New Zealand Stock Exchange Code                    and additional capacity. Scott replaces
                                                        • Reference is made to the various Board             Norris Carter who left Auckland Airport in
                                                          committees and links provided to their             November 2016 to become the Chief
                                                          individual policies                                Executive of North Queensland Airports.
                                                        • A skills matrix has been added to                  Aeronautical pricing
                                                          demonstrate what attributes each
      RICHARD DIDSBURY                                                                                       The Board retained its increased oversight
      DIRECTOR
                                                          Director brings to the Board
                                                                                                             of aeronautical pricing throughout the
                                                        • Diversity reporting is now reported under          2017 financial year. The ad-hoc Board
                                                          Principle 2                                        sub-committee met regularly to provide
                                                        • Non-financial reporting has been                   governance oversight of this important
                                                          highlighted and a link provided to the             task, which assisted the company in the
                                                          company’s 2016 Corporate Social                    development of its aeronautical charges for
                                                          Responsibility Report                              the financial years 2018–2022 in June 2017.
                                                                                                             James Miller chaired the sub-committee
                                                        • Additional information on the
                                                                                                             which was comprised of the following
                                                          Chief Executive’s remuneration has
                                                                                                             directors: Justine Smyth; Christine Spring
                                                          been provided
                                                                                                             and Patrick Strange. The Chair of the
                                                        • Confirmation has been included that we             company, Sir Henry van der Heyden, also
                                                          have a takeover offer protocol.                    attended meetings of the subcommittee.

           Auckland International Airport Limited
Financial
summary
Our total profit after tax for the year to      The final dividend for the 2017 financial         • We recognise gains or losses in the
30 June 2017 was up 26.9% to                    year is up 16.7% to 10.5 cents per share.           income statement arising from valuation
$332.9 million, while underlying profit after   It will be imputed at the company tax rate          movements in interest rate derivatives that
tax increased 16.5% to $247.8 million.          of28% and paid on 20 October 2017 to                are not hedge accounted and where the
                                                shareholders who are on the register at the         counter-party credit risk on derivatives
Revenue increased 9.7% to $629.3 million.
                                                close of business on 6 October 2017. As a           has an impact on accounting hedging
This was, in part, due to ongoing strong
                                                result, the total dividend for the 12 months to     relationships. These gains or losses,
growth in aeronautical and investment
                                                30 June 2017 is up 17.1% to 20.5 cents per          as in the case of investment property,
property revenues. Operating expenses
                                                share. Our performance in the 2017 financial        are unrealised and derivative gains or
increased 8.8% to $156.2 million, in part
                                                year means that underlying earnings per             losses are expected to reverse out over
due to operational resources and asset
                                                share have continued to increase, up 16.2%          their lives.
management and maintenance. Our
                                                to 20.8 cents per share.                          • To be consistent, we have adjusted the
earnings before interest expense, taxation,
depreciation, fair value adjustments and        The reinstatement of our dividend                   revaluations of investment property and
investments in associates (EBITDAFI)            reinvestment plan, to provide funding               financial derivatives that are contained
increased 9.9% to $473.1 million.               flexibility to support our investment in            within the share of profit of associates
                                                new infrastructure and growth, has been             in the 2017 and 2016 financial years.
Our total share of the underlying profit from
                                                welcomed by many of our shareholders.             • We also allow for the taxation impacts of
associates was $14.9 million for the 2017
                                                The dividend reinvestment plan will again           the above adjustments in the 2017 and
financial year, up 29.6%. The underlying
                                                be in place for the 2017 financial year final       2016 financial years.
profit share from Queenstown Airport was up
                                                dividend, enabling shareholders to elect to
57.9% to $3 million and the share from the
                                                purchase Auckland Airport shares at a 2.5%
Novotel hotel, in which we increased our



                                                                                                           $14.9m
                                                discount to market price, instead of receiving
shareholding to 40% in February 2017, was
                                                the dividend as cash.
up 58.8% to $2.7 million. Our underlying
profit share from North Queensland Airports     The table on page 36 shows how we
was up 16.5% to $9.2 million.                   reconcile reported profit after tax and
                                                underlying profit after tax for the full-year     –––– OUR TOTAL SHARE OF THE
In the 2017 financial year we undertook a
                                                periods ended 30 June 2017 and                    UNDERLYING PROFIT FROM
review of our 24.55% investment in North                                                          ASSOCIATES WAS $14.9 MILLION
                                                30 June 2016.
Queensland Airports (NQA). We believe                                                             FOR THE 2017 FINANCIAL YEAR,
NQA is a highly attractive asset and a great    The following adjustments have been made          UP 29.6%.
investment with a strong growth strategy        to show underlying profit after tax for the
and a new and highly capable management         12-month periods ended 30 June 2017



                                                                                                           57.9%
team. However, our review has confirmed         and 30 June 2016:
that while NQA is a quality asset, it is not
                                                • We have reversed out the impact of
integral to our current business strategy.
                                                  revaluations of investment property and
                                                  associates in the 2017 and 2016 financial
                                                  years. An investor should monitor               –––– THE UNDERLYING PROFIT SHARE
                                                  changes in investment property over time        FROM QUEENSTOWN AIRPORT WAS UP
                                                                                                  57.9% TO $3 MILLION.
                                                  as a measure of growing value. However,
                                                  a change in one particular period can be
                                                  too short for the purposes of measuring
                                                  performance. Changes between periods
                                                  can be volatile and, consequently, will
                                                  have an impact on comparisons. Finally,
                                                  the revaluation is unrealised and,
                                                  therefore, is not considered when
                                                  determining dividends in accordance
                                                  with the dividend policy.
34    Annual Report 2017




     Underlying profit

                                                                              2017                                         2016
                                                            Reported                         Underlying    Reported                       Underlying
                                                               profit      Adjustments           profit       profit    Adjustments           profit
                                                                 $M                $M               $M          $M              $M               $M
     EBITDAFI per Income Statement                               473.1                  –        473.1        430.3                  –        430.3
     Share of profit of associates                                19.4               (4.5)         14.9         (8.4)             19.9          11.5
     Derivative fair value movement                                 2.5              (2.5)            –         (2.6)              2.6             –
     Investment property fair value increases                     91.9           (91.9)               –        87.1           (87.1)               –
     Property, plant and equipment revaluation
     decrease                                                         –                 –             –        (16.5)             16.5             –
     Depreciation                                                 (77.9)                –         (77.9)       (73.0)                –         (73.0)
     Interest expense and other
     finance costs                                                (72.8)                –         (72.8)       (79.1)                –         (79.1)
     Other taxation expense                                      (103.3)             13.8         (89.5)       (75.4)             (1.6)        (77.0)
     Profit after tax                                            332.9           (85.1)          247.8        262.4           (49.7)          212.7

     Cash flows

                                                                                                                             2017              2016
                                                                                                                              $M                $M
     Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                              307.1             270.5
     Net cash outflow applied to investing activities                                                                       (337.3)           (217.7)
     Net cash inflow/(outflow) applied to financing activities                                                                22.7             (38.7)
     Net (decrease)/increase in cash held                                                                                     (7.5)             14.1




          Auckland International Airport Limited
Financial performance

                                                                                         2017      2016
                                                                                          $M        $M
Income
Airfield income                                                                         119.6     103.4
Passenger services charge                                                               174.3     154.9
Retail income                                                                           162.8     157.5
Rental income                                                                            84.9      74.7
Rates recoveries                                                                           5.6       5.4
Car park income                                                                          56.3      52.1
Interest income                                                                            2.3       1.7
Other income                                                                             23.5      24.2
Total income                                                                            629.3     573.9
Expenses
Staff                                                                                    50.5      46.8
Asset management, maintenance and airport operations                                     55.6      49.1
Rates and insurance                                                                      12.2      11.5
Marketing and promotions                                                                 16.7      16.3
Professional services and levies                                                         11.4        9.7
Other expenses                                                                             9.8     10.2
Total expenses                                                                          156.2     143.6
Earnings before interest expense, taxation, depreciation, fair value adjustments and
investments in associates (EBITDAFI)                                                    473.1     430.3
Share of profit/(loss) of associates and joint ventures                                  19.4       (8.4)
Derivative fair value increase/(decrease)                                                  2.5      (2.6)
Property, plant and equipment fair value revaluation                                        –      (16.5)
Investment property fair value increase                                                  91.9      87.1
Earnings before interest, taxation and depreciation (EBITDA)                            586.9     489.9
Depreciation                                                                             77.9      73.0
Earnings before interest and taxation (EBIT)                                            509.0     416.9
Interest expense and other finance costs                                                 72.8      79.1
Profit before taxation                                                                  436.2     337.8
Taxation expense                                                                        103.3      75.4
Profit after taxation attributable to owners of the parent                              332.9     262.4




Financial position

                                                                                         2017      2016
As at 30 June                                                                             $M        $M
Non-current assets                                                                     6,399.5   6,038.6
Current assets                                                                          104.0     102.9
Total assets                                                                           6,503.5   6,141.5
Non-current liabilities                                                                1,911.0   1,768.6
Current liabilities                                                                     563.5     492.2
Equity                                                                                 4,029.0   3,880.7
Total equity and liabilities                                                           6,503.5   6,141.5
36   Annual Report 2017




     CONSTRUCTION OF THE NEW QUAD 7 OFFICE BUILDING WAS COMPLETED IN THE 2017 FINANCIAL YEAR



         Auckland International Airport Limited
Share registrar
Link Market Services Limited
Level 11, Deloitte Centre
80 Queen Street, Auckland 1010
New Zealand
PO Box 91976, Auckland 1142
New Zealand
Email: enquiries@linkmarketservices.com
Website: www.linkmarketservices.co.nz
New Zealand telephone: +64 9 375 5998
New Zealand facsimile: +64 9 375 5990
Australia telephone: +61 1300 554 474

Annual Report 2017
This annual report covers the performance of
Auckland International Airport Limited for the
period from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017.
This volume contains overview information
and a summary of our performance against
financial and non-financial targets for the
2017 financial year. Our audited financial
statements for the period from 1 July 2016
to 30 June 2017 are contained in a separate
volume, which may be accessed at
report.aucklandairport.co.nz

2017 Financial Statements
The 2017 Financial Statements are available
on our website report.aucklandairport.co.nz
or you may elect to have a copy sent to you
by contacting our investor relations team.

Electronic shareholder
communication
If you would like to receive all investor
communications electronically, including
interim and annual shareholder reports,
please visit the Link Market Services website
www.linkmarketservices.co.nz or contact
them directly (details above).

Investor relations
PO Box 73020, Auckland Airport
Manukau 2150, New Zealand
Telephone: +64 9 257 7043
Email: investors@aucklandairport.co.nz
Website: www.aucklandairport.co.nz
Online report
View our interactive report at
report.aucklandairport.co.nz
It has been designed for ease of
online use, with tablets in mind.


aucklandairport.co.nz



          Please recycle me
