Contents
01     Company Profile
                                                      2021 Annual Report
02     Message from the Chairman and CEO
04     Directors’ Report
                                                   This 2021 Aristocrat Leisure Limited Annual Report for
09     Operating and Financial Review              the financial year ended 30 September 2021 complies
32     Remuneration Report                         with reporting requirements and contains statutory
                                                   financial statements.
58     Auditor’s Independence Declaration
59     Nevada Regulatory Disclosure                This document is not a concise report prepared under
                                                   section 314(2) of the Corporations Act. The Aristocrat
61     Five Year Summary                           Group has not prepared a concise report for the 2021
62     Financial Statements                        financial year.
108 Independent Auditor’s Report
114 Shareholder Information
                                                      2022 Annual General Meeting
116 Corporate Directory

                                                   The 2022 Annual General Meeting will be held at 11.00am
                                                   on Thursday, 24 February 2022.

                                                   Details of the business of the meeting will be contained
                                                   in the notice of Annual General Meeting, which will be
                                                   made available to shareholders in late January 2022.



                                                       2021 Corporate Governance Statement

                                                   The 2021 Corporate Governance Statement can be
                                                   found on the Group’s website: www.aristocrat.com.




                                                      Key Dates

                                                   2021
                                                   Record date for Final 2021 Dividend           2 December

                                                   Payment date for Final 2021 Dividend         17 December

                                                   2022
                                                   2022 Annual General Meeting                    24 February

                                                   Interim Results Announcement 2                      19 May

                                                   Full Year Results Announcement 3             16 November

                                                   1. Dates subject to change.
                                                   2. 6 months ending 31 March 2022.
                                                   3. 12 months ending 30 September 2022.




                                                                    global games

                                                          powerhouse


 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
  We. Love. To. Play.



 Company Profile
 Aristocrat Leisure Limited (ASX: ALL) is a leading global gaming content and
 technology company and top-tier mobile games publisher, with more than
 7,000 employees in over 20 locations around the world. Aristocrat offers a
 diverse range of products and services including electronic gaming machines,
 casino management systems and free-to-play mobile games. The company’s
 regulated gaming products are approved for use in more than 300 licensed
 jurisdictions and are available in more than 100 countries.

 For further information visit the Group’s website at
 www.aristocrat.com.

                                                                   Operating in


 7,000+
  employees located in
                                       300+licensed
                                                                   100+
                                                                     countries
offices around the world                 jurisdictions




                                                                                  1
A message from the Chairman and CEO


The 12 months to 30 September 2021 was a positive
year for Aristocrat, with results reflecting the ongoing
robustness of our growth strategy, and a successful
recovery from COVID-19 driven disruptions.
A normalised Group profit result of $865 million for the 2021 fiscal year was 81% higher in reported terms and over
100% higher in constant currency than the corresponding 2020 result. Operating cash flow of over $1.3 billion was
30% higher than the prior corresponding period, and the Group’s balance sheet was also further strengthened, with
over $2.7 billion in available liquidity as at 30 September 2021.
Throughout the year, Aristocrat continued to focus on delivering strong operational performance through
outstanding product, people and capability. Across both of our global operating businesses, Aristocrat Gaming
and Pixel United, we continued to invest to grow into adjacent segment, channel and genre opportunities, further
adding to our earnings diversity and performance momentum. With 80% of Group revenues in the year derived from
recurring sources, compared to around 50% just four years ago, our increasing operational diversity and resilience
was also clear.
Aristocrat’s market-leading commitment to game design, development and technology drove outstanding
operational performance across key Gaming segments in the 2021 fiscal year. We continued to strive to be a partner
of choice to our gaming customers, supporting their recovery with innovative and differentiated approaches to
customer engagement.
The business took another important step forward with the rebranding of Aristocrat Digital to Pixel United, which was
announced post period end. The new name better reflects the global scale and ambition of our mobile-first game
publishing business, and will help to facilitate its growth going forward. Over the 2021 fiscal year, we strengthened
the Pixel United product pipeline to sustain long-term growth ahead of category, including through the multiple tuck-
in acquisitions announced during the year.
We also increased investment in Aristocrat’s core business capability, to facilitate ongoing transformation in our
scale and velocity.
Aristocrat’s recommended cash offer to acquire Playtech plc, announced shortly after the close of the 2021 fiscal
year, is another demonstration of our appetite to accelerate the implementation of our strategy through accretive
M&A, in particular where it can deliver new capabilities and access to significant growth opportunities. We believe
the proposed acquisition of Playtech will advance Aristocrat’s growth strategy and provide material scale in the
already large and growing US$70 billion online Real Money Gaming segment.
Aristocrat and Playtech are working together to implement the recommended acquisition. We are focused on
achieving necessary approvals, and continue to expect the acquisition to complete in the second quarter of calendar
year 2022. We were delighted with the strong level of support for Aristocrat’s ~$1.3 billion Entitlement Offer, the
proceeds of which will be used to finance the proposed acquisition. The pro-rata entitlement offer was structured to
provide equitable treatment for all Aristocrat shareholders, leading to strong take-up rates across both institutional
and retail components.
Throughout the 2021 fiscal year, Aristocrat also continued to embed a ‘People First’ focus. A range of additional
employee wellbeing and development initiatives were launched, and Aristocrat was gratified to achieve Great Places
to Work certification for the first time in the US and Australia, and for the sixth time in India. A global employee
engagement score of 8.4 was achieved for the year, which is a pleasing result and above the relevant technology
industry benchmark.




2 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
As a business focused on the long term, sustainability is vital to us. Aristocrat therefore continued to rapidly
expand our sustainability efforts throughout 2021, with further progress achieved across our most material
priorities. Aristocrat has committed to adopting a Group-wide science-based greenhouse gas emissions reduction
target, consistent with the requirements of the Paris Agreement. The business also delivered a raft of responsible
gameplay initiatives during the year, including new tools, features and functionality to enhance player information
and choice across our Gaming and Social Casino products. Aristocrat achieved support for an Australian-first
trial of cashless gaming technology in NSW, in partnership with the State government, the regulator and a major
customer. The Group delivered its 2021 gender equity commitments in full, and also pivoted its global operations
to a permanent, flexible hybrid work model during the year. Shareholders are encouraged to peruse full details
in Aristocrat’s 2021 sustainability disclosures, available via our Group website (www.aristocrat.com). We will
continue to improve disclosures over time, in line with stakeholder feedback and our commitment to dialogue and
transparency.
In summary, Aristocrat delivered high quality performance over the 2021 fiscal year, and emerged at year end a
stronger, more diverse and resilient business than ever before. Outstanding cash flows and a robust balance sheet
continues to provide full strategic optionality to the Group to accelerate implementation of our established growth
plans. Our people are engaged and energised at the opportunities ahead, and we look forward to keeping you
updated on our progress.
Thank you for your support.
Yours sincerely,




Neil Chatfield                                               Trevor Croker
Chairman                                                     Chief Executive Officer
                                                             & Managing Director




                                                                                                                      3
Directors’ Report

For the 12 months ended 30 September 2021
The Directors present their report together with the Financial Statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group) for the
12 months ended 30 September 2021 (the financial year). The information in this report is current as at 18 November 2021 unless
otherwise specified.
This Directors’ Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Division 1 of Part 2M.3 of the Corporations Act 2001
(Cth) (the Act).

Review and results of Operations
A review of the operations of the Group for the financial year and the results of those operations is set out in the Operating and Financial
Review which forms part of this Directors’ Report.

Financial results
The reported result of the Group attributable to shareholders for the 12 months ended 30 September 2021 was a profit of 820.0 million
after tax (2020: profit of $1,377.7 million after tax) and normalised profit after tax and before amortisation of acquired intangibles
(NPATA) for the financial year was $864.7 million (2020: $476.6 million).
Further details regarding the financial results of the Group are set out in the Operating and Financial Review and Financial Statements.

Dividends
Since the end of the financial year, the Directors have authorised a final fully franked dividend of 26.0 cents (2020: 10.0 cents)
per fully-paid ordinary share. Details of the dividends paid and declared during the financial year are set out in Note 1-6 to the
Financial Statements.

Remuneration Report
Details of the remuneration policies in respect of the Group’s Key Management Personnel are detailed in the Remuneration Report which
forms part of this Directors’ Report. Details of Directors’ interests in shares of the Company as at the end of the reporting period are set
out on page 56 of the Remuneration Report.

Environmental regulation
Aristocrat is committed to being a responsible business that does not cause harm to people and the environment.
The Group’s operations have a limited impact on the environment, and we are committed to investing resources to drive our
environmental performance across our operations. The Group is subject to a number of environmental regulations in respect of its
integration activities. The Company integrates (assembles) machines and systems in Australia, the USA, Macau, and the UK. The
Company uses limited amounts of chemicals in its assembly process. The Directors are not aware of any breaches of any environmental
legislation or of any significant environmental incidents during the financial year.
Based on current emission levels, the Company is not required to register and report under the National Greenhouse and Energy
Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act). However, the Company continues to receive reports and monitors its position to ensure compliance
with the NGER Act.
The Company is committed to not only complying with environmental laws and regulations relevant to its operations, but also to
achieving a high standard of environmental performance across all its operations. The Company is aware of, and continues to plan
for, any new Australian regulatory requirements on climate change. Identified climate related risks are managed and mitigated through
Aristocrat’s enterprise risk management processes, which explicitly encompasses climate related risks and opportunities. These risks
are also considered as part of core business processes, including strategy development and business continuity planning.
Aristocrat adopts a phased long term approach to expansive climate-related disclosures, with our current focus on Risk Management,
Governance and Strategy disclosures. A key priority has been lifting Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) capability and
core infrastructure – particularly data capturing. More comprehensive and reliable data in areas such as emissions and resource
consumption will facilitate better quality disclosures, and more effective abatement and improvement strategies internally. Aristocrat
undertakes a materiality assessment to identify ESG issues relevant to the business on a periodic basis, and environmental issues are
considered as part of this assessment. Aristocrat publishes detailed sustainability disclosures annually.


                     Aristocrat’s sustainability disclosures can be found on the Company’s website www.aristocrat.com


Principal activities
Aristocrat is a leading global gaming content and technology company and top-tier mobile games publisher. The principal activities of
the Group during the financial year were the design, development and distribution of gaming content, platforms and systems, including
electronic gaming machines, casino management systems and free-to-play mobile games. The Company’s regulated gaming products
are approved for use in more than 300 licensed jurisdictions and are available in more than 100 countries.




4 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Directors’ Report continued

Significant changes in the state of affairs
Except as outlined below and elsewhere in this Directors’ Report, there were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the
Group during the financial year.

Events after balance date
On 18 October 2021, the Company announced:
– a recommended cash offer for Playtech plc (LSE: PTEC) (Playtech) that, if completed, will result in a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
  Company, Aristocrat (UK) Holdings Limited, acquiring the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Playtech (Acquisition); and
– a $1.3 billion equity raising by way of an underwritten pro rata accelerated renounceable entitlement offer with rights trading, to partly
  finance the Acquisition. The equity raising was successfully completed on 17 November 2021.
Other than the above and the Board authorising the final dividend, since the end of the year and to the date of this Directors’ Report,
no other matter or circumstance has arisen that has significantly affected or may significantly affect the Group’s operations, results of
those operations or state of affairs in future reporting periods.

Likely developments and expected results
Likely developments in the operations of the Group in future financial years and the expected results of operations are referred to in the
Operating and Financial Review which forms part of this Directors’ Report.

Directors’ particulars, experience and special responsibilities
The Directors of the Company throughout the financial year and up to the date of this report are:


   Director                  Experience and other directorships                                                    Special responsibilities

   Neil Chatfield            Nominated December 2017. Appointed February 2018.                                     Non-Executive
   M.Bus, FCPA, FAICD        – Chairman of Costa Group Holdings Limited                                            Chairman
                               (since July 2015, appointed as a Non-Executive Director October 2011)               Member, Regulatory
                             – Non-Executive Director of Transurban Group                                          & Compliance
                               (February 2009 – October 2021)                                                      Committee
                             – Former Chairman of Seek Ltd (June 2005 – December 2018)                             Member, People &
                                                                                                                   Culture Committee
                             – Former Chairman of Virgin Australia Holdings Ltd
                                                                                                                   Member, Audit
                             – Former Non-Executive Director of Recall Holdings Ltd and
                                                                                                                   Committee
                               Iron Mountain, Inc.
                             – Former Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of
                               Toll Holdings Ltd (until September 2008)

   Trevor Croker             Appointed 1 March 2017.                                                               Managing Director
   Advanced Management       – Director and Chairman of the American Gaming Association                            and Chief Executive
   Program, GAICD                                                                                                  Officer
                               (Chairman effective January 2020)
                             – Former Executive Vice President, Global Product & Insights, Aristocrat Leisure
                               Limited
                             – Former Managing Director, ANZ – Aristocrat Leisure Limited
                             – Former Sales Director – Fosters Australia Ltd

   Kathleen Conlon           Nominated January 2014. Appointed February 2014.                                      Chair, People &
   BEc, MBA, FAICD           – Chair of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (since September 2020,                           Culture Committee
                               appointed as a Non-Executive Director November 2011)                                Member, Audit
                             – Non-Executive Director of BlueScope Steel Limited (since February 2020), and        Committee
                               The Benevolent Society (since February 2013)
                             – Member of Chief Executive Women
                             – Member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (AICD) Corporate
                               Governance Committee and a former National Board Member of the AICD
                             – Former Non-Executive Director of REA Group Limited (June 2007 – November
                               2021) and CSR Limited
                             – Former Partner and Director, Boston Consulting Group (BCG)




                                                                                                                                               5
Directors’ Report continued

Directors’ particulars, experience and special responsibilities continued


    Director                          Experience and other directorships                                               Special responsibilities

    Pat Ramsey                        Nominated September 2016. Appointed October 2016.                                Lead US Director
    BA, Economics,                    – Director of SimpleBet, Inc. (since July 2021)                                  Chair, Regulatory
    MBA, MAICD
                                      – Member of the Operating Council of Arrow International                         & Compliance
                                        (since January 2021)                                                           Committee
                                      – Consultant, EPR Properties (a publicly traded REIT)                            Member, Audit
                                                                                                                       Committee
                                      – Board of Trustees for the Meadows School (Las Vegas, USA)
                                      – Executive Committee member for the TPC Shriners
                                        Hospital for Children Open
                                      – Former Independent Director of VizExplorer
                                      – Former Chief Digital Officer of Aristocrat Leisure Limited
                                        and former CEO of Multimedia Games, Inc.
                                      – Various senior roles at Caesars Entertainment (formerly Harrah’s)

    Sylvia Summers                    Nominated August 2016. Appointed September 2016.                                 Member, Audit
    Couder                            – Independent Director of Semtech Corporation (since April 2013)                 Committee
    Dip Electrical                                                                                                     Member, People &
    Engineering, Masters in           – Former Independent Non-Executive Director of Alcatel-Lucent SA
    Electrical Engineering              and Headwaters Inc.                                                            Culture Committee
    and Computer                      – Former Chief Executive Officer of Trident Microsystems Inc.
    Sciences, Cycle de
    Perfectionnement
    Option
    (Equivalent MBA),
    MAICD


    Arlene Tansey                     Nominated March 2016. Appointed July 2016.                                       Chair, Audit
    BBA, MBA, Juris Doctor,           – Non-Executive Director of WiseTech Global Limited (since                       Committee
    FAICD
                                        June 2020), TPG Telecom Limited (since July 2020), Lendlease                   Member, Regulatory
                                        Investment Management (since October 2010), and the Australian National        & Compliance
                                        Maritime Museum Foundation (since December 2019)                               Committee
                                      – Member of Chief Executive Women and the International Women’s Forum
                                        Australia
                                      – Former Non-Executive Director of Healius Limited
                                        (formerly Primary Health Care Ltd) (August 2012 – October 2020)
                                        and Adelaide Brighton Ltd (April 2011 – October 2019)

    Philippe Etienne                  Nominated October 2019. Appointed November 2019.                                 Member, People &
    GradDip Marketing,                – Chairman and Non-Executive Director, ANZ Terminals (since October 2017)        Culture Committee
    BSc, MBA, Advanced
    Management Program,               – Non-Executive Director of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (since January 2015) and   Member, Regulatory
    GAICD                               Cleanaway Waste Management Limited (since May 2014)                            & Compliance
                                      – Former Managing Director & CEO of Innovia Security Pty Ltd                     Committee
                                      – Former Non-Executive Director of Sedgman Limited
                                      – Various senior executive positions, Orica Limited




6 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Directors’ Report continued

Directors’ attendance at Board and Committee meetings during the Financial Year
The attendance of Directors at Board meetings and attendance of Committee members at Committee meetings of which they are voting
members is set out below.

Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                                              Regulatory &                 Concurrent
                                                                      Audit                  People & Culture                  Compliance                  Committee
Director                                Board                     Committee                       Committee                    Committee                     meetings 2

Neil Chatfield 1                        17/17                              6/6                              5/5                          6/6                      1/1
Trevor Croker                           17/17                               —                                —                            —                        —
Kathleen Conlon 1                       17/17                              6/6                              5/5                           —                       1/1
Philippe Etienne 1                      17/17                               —                               5/5                          6/6                      1/1
Pat Ramsey 1                            16/17                              5/6                               —                           6/6                      1/1
Sylvia Summers Couder 1                 17/17                              6/6                              4/5                           —                       1/1
Arlene Tansey 1                         16/17                              6/6                               —                           6/6                      1/1

1. During FY2021, the Board reviewed each Non-Executive Director’s independence and confirms that each Non-Executive Director is independent.
2. To support the determination of remuneration outcomes, the People & Culture Committee met concurrently with the Audit Committee on 22 September 2021.


Special Purpose Committees
In addition to the Board and Committee meetings set out in the table above, during the financial year, there were a number of Board sub-
committees formed for special purposes with the sub-committee membership consisting of a various combination of Directors. There
was a total of 13 Board subcommittee meetings held during the financial year.

Company Secretary
The Company Secretary is directly accountable to the Board, through the Chairman, for all governance matters that relate to the Board’s
proper functioning.
Set out below is the qualification and experience of the Company Secretary as at the end of the financial year.


  Kristy Jo                     Kristy Jo joined Aristocrat in April 2018 and was appointed as Company Secretary effective 10 June 2021.
  BCom/LLB                      She has over 15 years of legal experience in private and in-house roles. Prior to joining Aristocrat, Kristy
                                worked at NBN Co Limited, Newcastle Permanent Building Society Limited and law firm Allens Linklaters.



Options over share capital
No options over Company shares were granted to executives or Directors during or since the end of the financial year. There were
no unissued shares or interests in the Company subject to options at the date of this Directors’ Report and no Company shares or
interests issued pursuant to exercised options during or since the end of the financial year.

Indemnities and insurance premiums
The Company’s Constitution provides that the Company will indemnify each officer of the Company against any liability incurred by
that officer in or arising out of the conduct of the business of the Company or in or arising out of the discharge of that officer’s duties
to the extent permitted by law.
An officer for the purpose of this provision includes any Director or Secretary of the Company or the Company’s subsidiaries,
executive officers or employees of the Company or its subsidiaries and any person appointed as a trustee by, or acting as a trustee
at the request of, the Company, and includes former Directors.
In accordance with the Company’s Constitution, the Company has entered into deeds of access, indemnity and insurance and deeds
of indemnity for identity theft with each Director and nominated officers of the Company. No amount has been paid pursuant to those
indemnities during the financial year and as at the date of this Directors’ Report.
The Company has paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring Directors and officers of the Company and its related bodies
corporate against any liability incurred by them arising out of the conduct of the business of the Company or in or arising out of the
discharge of their duties. In accordance with normal commercial practices, under the terms of the insurance contracts, the details
of the nature and extent of the liabilities insured against and the amount of premiums paid are confidential.




                                                                                                                                                                          7
Directors’ Report continued

Proceedings on behalf of the Company
No proceedings have been brought on behalf of the Company under section 236 of the Act nor has any application been made in respect
of the Company under section 237 of the Act.

Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) continues in office in accordance with section 327 of the Act.

Non-audit services provided by the Auditor
The Company, with the prior approval of the Chair of the Audit Committee, may decide to employ PricewaterhouseCoopers, the
Company’s auditor, on low value assignments additional to its statutory audit duties where the auditor’s expertise and experience with
the Company and/or the Group are important. The Company has an Auditor Independence Policy which specifies those non-audit
services which cannot be performed by the Company auditor. The Policy also sets out the procedures which are required to be followed
prior to the engagement of the Company’s auditor for any non-audit related service.
During the financial year, the fees paid or payable for non-audit services provided by the Company’s auditor and its related practices totalled
$146,450. Details of the amounts paid or payable to the Company’s auditor, for audit services provided during the financial year, are set
out in Note 6-3 to the Financial Statements.
The Board of Directors has considered the position and, in accordance with the advice received from the Audit Committee, is satisfied
that the provision of the non-audit services as set out in Note 6-3 to the Financial Statements is compatible with the general standard of
independence for auditors imposed by the Act for the following reasons:
– All non-audit services have been reviewed by the Audit Committee to ensure they do not impact the impartiality and objectivity of
  the auditor.
– PwC is engaged on low value assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where PwC’s expertise and experience with the
  Group are important.
– None of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for
  Professional Accountants, including reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or a decision-making
  capacity for the Company, acting as advocate for the Company or jointly sharing economic risk and rewards.
A copy of the Auditor’s Independence Declaration is attached to this Directors’ Report.

Loans to Directors and executives
No Director or executive held any loans with the Company during the financial year.

Rounding of amounts to nearest thousand dollars
As the Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, the
amounts in the Director’s Report and the Financial Statements have been rounded off, except where otherwise stated, to the nearest
whole number of million dollars and one decimal place representing hundreds of thousands of dollars, or in certain cases, the nearest
dollar in accordance with that class order.
This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors and is signed for and on behalf of the Directors.




Neil Chatfield
Chairman
18 November 2021




8 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review

 Aristocrat at a Glance

   revenue                                                                                   licensed jurisdictions



      47
 $ . billion                                                                            326
 Revenue by segment                                                                         Revenue by strategic segment


                        8.4%
                                             47.9%                                                                      27.8%
                                               Gaming
                                                                                                                                           Gaming Operations
                                               ANZ                                                                                         Class III Outright Sales
  52.1%
                                 38.5%         Americas                                                                                    & Other

                                               International Class III
                                                                                            52.1%                                          Digital

                                               Digital
                                                                                                                        20.1%



                         1.0%




   countries                                                                                 employees



 102                                                                                    7,000+
                                                                                        Finland


                                     Canada                                                                    Russia
                                                          United Kingdom
                                                                                                    Ukraine
                                                                 Netherlands         Germany
                                                                          France      Croatia
             United States
             of America                                                  Spain     Cyprus
                                                                                                    Israel
                                                                                                                                Macau
                                                                                                       India
                                Mexico                                                                                            Philippines


 Proportion of
 headcount by country
 Under 5%
 Between 5-15%                                                                                                          Australia
 Between 15-25%
                                         Argentina
 Over 25%                                                                                                                                            New Zealand




                                                                                                                                                                      9
Operating and Financial Review continued

Business Strategy
Growth strategy enhances resilience                                                        Performance reflects investment choices
Aristocrat’s strategy aims to deliver high quality, sustainable
                                                                                           and priorities
profit growth by continuously improving the business’ product                              Throughout the year, Aristocrat continued to invest in its core,
portfolios and operational competitiveness – regardless of                                 differentiating strategic drivers, including:
market conditions and other external factors.                                              – Additional ‘People First’ employee wellbeing initiatives and
                                                                                             flexibility for our growing team of over 7,000 people. A strong
Over the reporting period, we have maintained a consistent focus
                                                                                             focus on lifting diversity and driving inclusion was reflected in
on share taking through sustained investment in outstanding
                                                                                             above-benchmark engagement scores and participation for the
product, the best people and capability and strong business
                                                                                             year;
fundamentals. We continued to deliver above-category organic
growth, while looking to accelerate our progress through                                   – Further leadership development and capability programs, along
strategic, accretive M&A, where that delivers us new capabilities                            with targeted talent attraction and retention initiatives;
and access to new market opportunities.                                                    – Maintenance of Aristocrat’s market-leading investment in game
                                                                                             design, development, and technology throughout the period –
In particular, Aristocrat’s offer to acquire 100% of Playtech plc               1
                                                                                             driving outstanding average fee per day and share performance
(announced just after period end) offers compelling strategic and
                                                                                             across Class II and Class III in North America during the period,
financial benefits, particularly material scale in the large, growing
                                                                                             and fuelling long-term growth;
and highly complementary iGaming and online sports betting
segments (collectively, Online Real Money Gaming).                                         – Ongoing, innovative approaches to supporting our Gaming
                                                                                             customers, and striving to be a partner of choice;
Our focus on long-term performance means that addressing
                                                                                           – Strengthening the Digital product pipeline to sustain long-term
material Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors
                                                                                             growth ahead of category, including through multiple tuck-in
is also an important part of our approach. Aristocrat further
                                                                                             acquisitions and boosting M&A capability;
improved its business by making progress across a range of
priorities including responsible gameplay, diversity and inclusion                         – Continued targeted investment in User Acquisition (UA) spend to
and employee wellbeing during the period. We also continued to                               support long-term profitability and new game launches; and
lift the bar in corporate governance, reflecting the fact that this is                     – Further investment in core business capability, to facilitate
one of our most material ESG priorities. Detailed ESG disclosures                            ongoing transformation in our scale and velocity.
for the 2021 fiscal year will be published on the Group website
                                                                                           The Group has delivered a result for fiscal 2021 that returns us to
(www.aristocrat.com) from 27 November 2021.
                                                                                           pre-COVID performance levels, albeit as a stronger, more diverse
As Aristocrat continues to navigate volatility in the global                               and resilient business. Outstanding cash flows and a robust
operating environment as a result of COVID-19 and other factors,                           balance sheet continues to provide full strategic optionality to the
the Group’s strategy remains relevant and robust.                                          Group as we accelerate implementation of our growth plans in the
                                                                                           period ahead.




1. The transaction is subject to approval by Playtech shareholders, along with a number of other required approvals and consents.
   For more information refer to the offer website at http://www.power-of-play.com




10 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

Review of Operations
Group Performance
Earnings Summary
Key performance indicators for the current period and prior period are set out below.
                                                                                                                                                 Variance vs. 2020
                                                                             Constant                                                         Constant
                                                                             currency 2                                                       currency 2            Reported
A$ million                                                                       2021                    2021                   2020                %                      %

Normalised results 1
Operating revenue                                                              5,165.6                4,736.6                 4,139.1               24.8                   14.4
EBITDA 3                                                                       1,706.6                1,542.9                 1,078.9               58.2                   43.0
EBITA                                                                          1,418.8                1,277.4                   771.3               83.9                   65.6
NPAT                                                                             853.3                  765.6                   357.1             139.0                  114.4
NPATA                                                                            962.3                  864.7                   476.6             101.9                   81.4
Earnings per share (fully diluted)                                             133.8c                  120.0c                   56.0c             138.9                  114.3
EPS before amortisation of acquired intangibles                                150.9c                  135.6c                   74.7c             102.0                   81.5
(fully diluted)
Total dividend per share                                                         41.0c                  41.0c                   10.0c             310.0                  310.0
Reported results
Revenue                                                                        5,165.6                4,736.6                 4,139.1               24.8                   14.4
Profit after tax                                                                 905.0                  820.0                 1,377.7              (34.3)                 (40.5)
NPATA                                                                          1,014.0                  919.1                 1,497.2              (32.3)                 (38.6)
Balance sheet and cash flow
Net working capital 3/revenue                                                    (2.0%)                 (2.2%)                   1.0%             (3.0)pts              (3.2)pts
Operating cash flow 3                                                          1,469.3                1,328.4                 1,018.6               44.2                  30.4
Closing net debt 4                                                               806.2                  804.5                 1,567.5               48.6                  48.7
Gearing (net debt/consolidated EBITDA 4,5)                                         n/a                   0.5x                    1.4x                n/a                  0.9x

1. Normalised results are statutory profit (before and after tax), excluding the impact of certain significant items detailed on page 17.
2. Results for 12 months to 30 September 2021 are adjusted for translational exchange rates using rates applying in 2020 as referenced in the table on page 20.
3. During the year, the Group revised its accounting policy in relation to configuration and customisation costs incurred in implementing software-as-a-service (SaaS) arrangements
   with cloud providers. The change has been applied retrospectively and impacted the comparatives of the Group. Refer to note 6-7 of the Financial Statements.
4. Net debt excludes lease liabilities recognised under AASB 16 from 1 October 2019.
5. Consolidated EBITDA for the Group as defined in Aristocrat’s Syndicated Facility Agreement (also referred to as Bank EBITDA).

The information presented in this Review of Operations has not been audited in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards.




                                                                                                                                                                                  11
Operating and Financial Review continued

Operational Highlights
Aristocrat’s portfolio of scaled, world-class Digital and Gaming      Outstanding growth in Digital driven by portfolio
assets continued to grow and diversify over the 12 months to          performance and strong demand
30 September 2021.                                                    – Aristocrat Digital continued to be a Top 5 mobile games
In the period, 80% of revenue was derived from recurring sources        publisher in tier-1 western markets, according to market data
enhancing the business’ resilience. Deliberate choices to maintain      (Sensor Tower).
investment in outstanding product portfolios further strengthened     – Aristocrat Digital published 7 of the top 100 mobile games in
our competitive position. These investments also positioned the         the US, across multiple genres, as at period end.
business to benefit from a rebound in consumer confidence in key      – RAID: Shadow LegendsTM continued its impressive, profitable
markets and elevated demand for Digital entertainment options.          growth trajectory and celebrated its two-year anniversary.
                                                                      – The business continued to build portfolio diversity, with the
Strong recovery in Gaming driven by                                     successful scaling of EverMergeTM in the Casual Merge genre
market-leading products                                                 and the worldwide launch of the new multiplayer action game
In North America:                                                       Mech Arena: Robot ShowdownTM in August.
– Growth in the Class II and Class III Premium installed base, with   – Aristocrat grew share in mobile games over the period to
  almost all machines switched on in customer venues that are           become the clear #1 in the Social Slots segment, and #2 in the
  open at 30 September 2021, coupled with outstanding average           broader Social Casino genre, as well as #1 in the Squad RPG
  fee per day (FPD) in the period.                                      (Role-Playing Games) segment and #2 in the Casual Merge
– For the 12 months to 30 September 2021, Aristocrat games              segment, according to industry data (Sensor Tower).
  averaged 17 of the top performing 25 games in the Premium           – Growth in the period reflected the successful delivery
  Leased segment and 11 of the Top 25 games in the wide area            of Live Ops, new features and slot content, and efficient
  progressive (WAP) segment in the Eiler’s monthly gaming reports.      User Acquisition (UA) investment.
– Outright Sales momentum continued in the core video segment,        – During the period, Aristocrat Digital finalised three key talent
  despite lower market volumes due to COVID-19 related                  focused acquisitions: Futureplay (Helsinki, Finland), publisher
  customer capital prioritisation.                                      of Merge GardensTM, Northern Stars (Helsinki, Finland) focused
– The business continued to grow in attractive adjacencies,             on the emerging hybrid Casual games genre, and Playsoft
  including Video Lottery Terminal (VLT) Canada, Oregon and             (Gdańsk, Poland) specialising in the Social Casino genre.
  Illinois, and Washington Central Determinant System (CDS).          – Average Bookings Per Daily Active User (ABPDAU) grew
  Aristocrat is also poised to enter both the Kentucky Historic         25% driven by improved performance in all segments, but
  Horse Racing (HHR) and the New York Lottery markets early             particularly in Social Casino games, improved monetisation of
  in calendar 2022.                                                     Casual games, especially EverMergeTM, and continued scaling
– At the Global Gaming Expo (G2E) 2021 Global Gaming Awards,            of RAID: Shadow LegendsTM.
  Aristocrat won 3 major awards in key supplier categories,           Overall demand remained strong year-over-year, and well above
  including:                                                          pre-COVID levels.
   • Land-Based Industry Supplier of the Year
   • Slot of the Year: Buffalo LinkTM                                 Sustained investment in great talent,
                                                                      technology and product
   • Land-Based Product of the Year: In the ClearTM
                                                                      – Aristocrat maintained its market-leading investment in game
In Australia and New Zealand:                                           design, development and technology throughout the period,
– Market-leading ship share was maintained throughout the               positioning the business for sustained growth.
  period, supported by the launch of the MarsXTM cabinet and          – Appointment of a Group Chief Technology Officer and
  a high-performing game portfolio. The market was impacted             investment in game development technology to drive efficiency
  by COVID-19 related venue closures across New South Wales             and scalability.
  and Victoria during the last quarter.                               – Aristocrat was certified as a ‘Great Place to Work’ for the first
                                                                        time in Australia and the US, and for the sixth time in India.
                                                                      – User Acquisition investment maintained at 28% of Digital revenue.

                                                                      Robust financial fundamentals maintained,
                                                                      preserving investment optionality
                                                                      – EBITDA margin for the period improved to 32.6%.
                                                                      – Capital expenditure of $228 million supported further investment
                                                                        in our Gaming Operations installed base, positioning for
                                                                        future growth.
                                                                      – Gearing (Net Debt/EBITDA) improved to 0.5x at period end from
                                                                        1.4x at 30 September 2020.
                                                                      – Aristocrat’s balance sheet remained strong, with approximately
                                                                        $2.7 billion in available liquidity at 30 September 2021 to support
                                                                        committed and future investments.




12 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

Performance Summary
Normalised profit after tax and before amortisation of acquired intangibles (NPATA) of $864.7 million for the period represented an
81% increase (102% in constant currency) compared to $476.6 million in the prior corresponding period. Revenue increased by 14%
(25% in constant currency), driven by outstanding Digital and Gaming Operations performance. Normalised fully diluted earnings per
share before amortisation of acquired intangibles of 135.6c represents an 82% increase (102% in constant currency) on the prior
corresponding period.
Net gearing decreased to 0.5x from 1.4x leverage in the prior corresponding period.

NPATA movement FY20 to FY21 (A$ million)
                                                                              120.3
                                          70.1                                                                                  2.4
                       415.5                                                                    (33.7)
                                                            (33.7)                                                (54.2)
                                                                                                                                            (98.6)     864.7




     476.6




     NPATA           Americas             ANZ           International        Digital         Corporate         Group D&D     Income tax     Foreign    NPATA
    FY 2020                                                Class III                       Costs and Other      expense    rate movement   exchange   FY 2021

Movements in the graph above are on a constant currency basis and are tax effected at the prior year effective tax rate.


– Aristocrat’s NPATA of $864.7 million is only 3% below the                                  – International Class III markets remained effectively closed.
  pre-COVID FY19 result of $894.4 million, reflecting growth in                              – Digital delivered post-tax earnings growth of $120 million, driven
  Digital, supplemented by a strong recovery in the Americas                                   by strong performance in Social Casino, continued scaling of
  and ANZ Gaming markets, and partly offset by unfavourable                                    RAID: Shadow LegendsTM and elevated consumer demand.
  FX movements.
                                                                                             – Increased investment in enterprise transformation and variable
– In Gaming, the Americas business delivered a $416 million                                    compensation grew Corporate and Other costs by $34 million
  increase in post-tax profit, driven by a 13.8% expansion in                                  (post-tax).
  the Class III Premium Gaming Operations footprint and a
                                                                                             – The Group’s strategic investment in talent and technology
  4% expansion in the Class II Gaming Operations footprint.
                                                                                               remained at market-leading levels consistent with our
  On an unadjusted basis, the average fee per day for the period
                                                                                               growth strategy.
  was US$51.41.
                                                                                             – Foreign exchange negatively impacted the result by $99 million.
– The ANZ business grew post-tax earnings by $70 million,
  despite an extended lockdown period in New South Wales
  and Victoria states.




                                                                                                                                                                13
Operating and Financial Review continued

Group Profit or Loss
Results in the current period and prior corresponding period are in reported currency and normalised for significant items as outlined on
page 17. Segment profit is stated before amortisation of acquired intangibles.
                                                                                                                                Variance
A$ million                                                                                       2021             2020                %

Segment revenue
Australia and New Zealand                                                                       399.8             280.6              42.5
Americas                                                                                      1,824.9           1,367.6              33.4
International Class III                                                                          44.9             131.4             (65.8)
Digital                                                                                       2,467.0           2,359.5               4.6
Total segment revenue                                                                         4,736.6           4,139.1             14.4

Segment profit
Australia and New Zealand                                                                       152.0             58.9             158.1
Americas                                                                                        972.6            517.3              88.0
International Class III                                                                          (9.4)            34.3            (127.4)
Digital                                                                                         804.1            726.9              10.6
Total segment profit                                                                          1,919.3           1,337.4             43.5

Unallocated expenses
Group D&D expense                                                                              (527.6)           (497.9)            (6.0)
Foreign exchange                                                                                 (2.3)             (0.7)          (228.6)
Corporate                                                                                      (112.0)            (67.5)           (65.9)
Total unallocated expenses                                                                     (641.9)           (566.1)            (13.4)

EBIT before amortisation of acquired intangibles (EBITA)                                      1,277.4             771.3             65.6
Amortisation of acquired intangibles                                                           (128.7)           (154.9)            16.9
EBIT                                                                                          1,148.7             616.4             86.4
Interest                                                                                       (131.9)           (140.7)             6.3
Profit before tax                                                                             1,016.8             475.7            113.7
Income tax                                                                                     (251.2)           (118.6)          (111.8)
Profit after tax (NPAT)                                                                         765.6            357.1             114.4
Amortisation of acquired intangibles after tax                                                   99.1            119.5             (17.1)
Profit after tax and before amortisation of acquired intangibles (NPATA)                        864.7            476.6              81.4




14 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

Revenue
Segment revenue increased $598 million or 14% in reported             Revenue by Strategic Segment
currency (25% in constant currency), driven by growth across
Gaming Operations, North American Outright Sales, Australia                         FY2021
and New Zealand (ANZ) and Digital.
The percentage of total revenue derived from recurring
sources increased to 79.9%, principally driven by performance               20.1%                     27.8%
in North America Gaming Operations and Digital, combined
with lower global Outright Sales due to COVID-19.
Digital revenue grew 14.7% in local currency to US$1,845 million,                $ .4 74
reflecting the strong performance of our games offering across                      billion
all three businesses within the portfolio, namely momentum in
RAID: Shadow LegendsTM, substantial growth in Lightning LinkTM
and Cashman CasinoTM, the successful scaling of EverMergeTM,
and the launch of Mech Arena: Robot ShowdownTM.                                       52.1%

In Gaming, North America Gaming Operations revenue increased
55% in local currency, with the Premium Class III and Class II
footprints increasing 13.8% and 4.0% respectively, with the                         FY2020
unadjusted average fee per day increasing 45% on the prior
year and 2% on FY19. Performance was fuelled by continued
penetration of the high-performing products Cash Express: Luxury
LineTM, Buffalo LinkTM, and Crazy Rich AsiansTM.                           20.5%                  22.5%

In North America Outright Sales, revenue increased 30% in local
currency, which represented a significant recovery with COVID-19
continuing to impact customer capital prioritisation.
                                                                                 $ .4 14
                                                                                    billion
At the Global Gaming Expo (G2E) 2021 Global Gaming Awards,
Aristocrat won three major awards in key supplier categories,
including: Land-Based Industry Supplier of Year, Slot of the Year
and Land-Based Product of the Year.                                                   57.0%

In the outright sales markets of ANZ, revenue increased 42.5% to
$400 million in reported currency, reflecting strong post-COVID                  Gaming Operations
recoveries in first half 2021 and portfolio performance, despite                 Digital
COVID-19 lockdowns across New South Wales and Victoria
                                                                                 Class III Outright
markets during the fourth quarter.                                               Sales & Other

In International Class III, revenue decreased 66% to $45 million in
reported currency, with these markets effectively closed for much       All amounts are in reported currency
of the reporting period.                                                unless otherwise stated.




                                                                                                               15
Operating and Financial Review continued

Earnings
Segment profit increased $582 million (or 44%) in reported                                       The Group continued to invest significantly in talent and
currency compared to the prior corresponding period.                                             technology to deliver competitive product across a broader
                                                                                                 range of Gaming segments and Digital genres. Investment in
Gaming margins across ANZ and Americas increased from
                                                                                                 D&D remained at a market-leading 11% on a percentage of
21.0% to 38.0% and from 37.8% to 53.3% respectively, driven
                                                                                                 revenue basis.
by outstanding product performance and increased operating
leverage compared to the prior corresponding period. Margin in                                   Corporate Costs increased by $45 million, driven by Aristocrat’s
International Class III was significantly impacted by COVID-19                                   program of transformation, incorporating a number of
related customer venue closures and travel restrictions.                                         enterprise-wide initiatives, and increased variable compensation.
Digital margin increased from 30.8% to 32.6%. This result reflects                               The effective tax rate (ETR) for the reporting period was 24.7%
excellent portfolio performance and one new game launch in the                                   compared to 24.9% in the prior corresponding period, reflecting
period. User Acquisition remained at 28% of Digital revenue to                                   changes in the geographic mix of the business.
support long-term profitable growth.

Segment Profit Margin % of Revenue                                                               Other Key Margins % of Revenue and ETR
60%                                                                                              50%




                                     55.1
                                                   53.3
                                                                                                                          43.4
                                                                                                 40%

                                                                                                                                        40.5
40%      46.8                                             46.1
                                                                                                                                               36.3
                                                                                                 30%
                       38.0                 37.8                                                                                 32.3                        32.6
                                                                                                                                                                                            27.5
                                                                                          32.6                                                        26.1
                                                                                   30.8
                                                                                                                                                                                         24.9
                                                                          29.6                   20%                                                                                     24.7
                                                                 26.1
                                                                                                                                                                    20.3
20%

                21.0                                                                                                                                                              18.3
                                                                                                 10%      11.4
                                                                                                                                                                           11.5
                                                                                                          12.0
                                                                                                          11.1


0%                                                                                               0%
        Australia and                  Americas           International          Digital                 Group D&D        Segment              EBITDA 1             NPATA /              Effective
        New Zealand                                          Class III                                    expense/         Profit/             /Revenue             revenue              Tax Rate
                                                                                                          Revenue         Revenue
            2019              2020          2021
                                                                                                            2019       2020             2021
1. International Class III FY21 margin of (20.9%) was driven by the effective closure
    of these markets in the reporting period.                                                    1. During the year, the Group revised its accounting policy in relation to configuration
                                                                                                    and customisation costs incurred in implementing software-as-a-service (SaaS)
                                                                                                    arrangements with cloud providers. The change has been applied retrospectively
                                                                                                    and impacted the comparatives of the Group. Refer to note 6-7 of the
                                                                                                    Financial Statements.




16 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

Reconciliation of statutory profit to NPATA
A$ million                                                                                                                                           2021                2020 1
Statutory profit as reported in the financial statements                                                                                            820.0              1,377.7
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (tax effected)                                                                                                  99.1                119.5
Reported profit after tax before amortisation of acquired intangibles (Reported NPATA)                                                              919.1           1,497.2
Less net gain from significant items after tax                                                                                                      (54.4)         (1,020.6)
Normalised Profit After Tax before amortisation of acquired intangibles (Normalised NPATA)                                                          864.7               476.6

1. Includes the recognition of a ~$1 billion deferred tax asset aligned with the Group structure changes disclosed in the FY20 Annual Report.


Significant items
                                                                                                                                                         30 Sep 2021
A$ million                                                                                                                                      Before tax        After tax
Contingent retention arrangements                                                                                                                   (32.3)              (28.2)
Big Fish onerous lease                                                                                                                              (48.6)              (37.2)
Recognition of deferred tax asset                                                                                                                      —                119.8
Net (loss)/gain from significant items                                                                                                              (80.9)               54.4


Significant Items included in the Group’s reported result after tax:
Contingent retention arrangements: The Group’s reported result                              Recognition of deferred tax asset: The Group’s reported result
after tax for the period includes an expense of $28.2 million                               after tax for the period includes a benefit of $119.8 million
relating to contingent retention arrangements associated with the                           (~$1 billion in the prior period) relating to the recognition of a
acquisition of Plarium. These arrangements will be fully expensed                           deferred tax asset aligned with the Group structure changes
and complete in FY22.                                                                       disclosed in the FY20 Annual Report.
Big Fish onerous lease: The Group’s reported result after tax
for the period includes an expense of $37.2 million relating to
an onerous lease for the Big Fish Seattle premises, which was
committed to by previous ownership.




                                                                                                                                                                              17
Operating and Financial Review continued

Balance Sheet
The balance sheet can be summarised as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                  Variance vs.
                                                                                                                                                                  30 Sep 2020
A$ million                                                                                   30 Sep 2021              31 Mar 2021 1        30 Sep 2020 1                    %
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          2,431.6                1,728.0                1,675.7                   45.1
Property, plant and equipment                                                                        325.4                  316.1                  353.2                   (7.9)
Intangible assets                                                                                  3,527.7                3,301.1                3,567.6                   (1.1)
Other assets                                                                                       2,387.3                2,344.0                2,255.6                    5.8
Total assets                                                                                       8,672.0                7,689.2                7,852.1                   10.4
Current borrowings                                                                                     7.0                    6.5                    7.0                     —
Non-current borrowings                                                                             3,229.1                3,051.7                3,236.2                   (0.2)
Payables, provisions and other liabilities                                                         1,557.0                1,343.7                1,453.7                    7.1
Total equity                                                                                       3,878.9                3,287.3                3,155.2                   22.9
Total liabilities and equity                                                                       8,672.0                7,689.2                7,852.1                   10.4
Net working capital                                                                                 (105.2)                 188.9                   42.8                 (345.8)
Net working capital / revenue %                                                                       (2.2)                   4.6                    1.0                 (3.2)pts
Net debt                                                                                             804.5                1,330.2                1,567.5                  (48.7)
Gross debt                                                                                         3,236.1                3,058.2                3,243.2                    (0.2)
1. During the year, the Group revised its accounting policy in relation to configuration and customisation costs incurred in implementing software-as-a-service (SaaS) arrangements
   with cloud providers. The change has been applied retrospectively and impacted the comparatives of the Group. Refer to note 6-7 of the Financial Statements.


Significant balance sheet movements
from 30 September 2020 are:
Cash and cash equivalents: The increase in cash reflects the                                Other assets: The increase is due to the reassessment of the
underlying cash flow generation capability of the business.                                 deferred tax asset and an increase in trade receivables given
                                                                                            stronger business performance.
Net working capital: The decrease reflects an increase in
payables at year end as a result of higher business activity                                Total equity: The change in total equity reflects the result for
and variable compensation.                                                                  the period and changes in reserves due to currency movements,
                                                                                            net of dividends paid.
Property, plant and equipment: The decrease is driven by lower
capital expenditure on office refurbishments and the impact of
an onerous lease within the Big Fish business.




18 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

Statement of Cash Flows
The movement in cash, after eliminating foreign exchange movements in cash, is set out below:

Operating cash flow
                                                                                                                                                                       Change
A$ million                                                                                                                   2021                   2020 1                  %
EBITDA                                                                                                                   1,542.9                1,078.9                    43.0
Change in net working capital                                                                                              148.0                  205.2                   (27.9)
Subtotal                                                                                                                 1,690.9                1,284.1                    31.7
Interest and tax                                                                                                          (342.9)                (193.5)                  (77.2)
Significant items (non-cash)                                                                                               (80.9)                (114.0)                   29.0
Other cash and non-cash movements                                                                                           61.3                   42.0                    46.0
Operating cash flow                                                                                                      1,328.4                1,018.6                    30.4
Operating cash flow less capex                                                                                           1,100.7                  775.1                    42.0
1. During the year, the Group revised its accounting policy in relation to configuration and customisation costs incurred in implementing software-as-a-service (SaaS) arrangements
   with cloud providers. The change has been applied retrospectively and impacted the comparatives of the Group. Refer to note 6-7 of the Financial Statements.

Consolidated cash flow
                                                                                                                                                                       Change
A$ million                                                                                                                   2021                   2020                    %
Operating cash flow                                                                                                      1,328.4                1,018.6                    30.4
Capex                                                                                                                     (227.7)                (243.5)                    6.5
Acquisitions and divestments                                                                                               (78.5)                    —                      n/a
Investments                                                                                                                 (4.2)                    —                      n/a
Investing cash flow                                                                                                       (310.4)                (243.5)                  (27.5)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                      —                   869.3                     n/a
Repayments of borrowings                                                                                                    (6.7)                (217.7)                   96.9
Lease principal payments                                                                                                   (36.3)                 (36.6)                    0.8
Dividends and share payments                                                                                              (214.3)                (257.5)                   16.8
Financing cash flow                                                                                                       (257.3)                 357.5                     n/a
Net increase in cash                                                                                                       760.7                1,132.6                   (32.8)


Operating cash flow increased 30% to $1,328 million compared                               The change in net working capital in the period includes the
to the prior corresponding period, reflecting strong business                              payment of prior year significant items relating to the Kater and
performance and its underlying cash flow generation capability.                            Thimmegowda legal settlement and Plarium retention payments.
Interest and tax expense increased 77%, reflecting an increase                             Capital expenditure relates primarily to investment in hardware
in tax payments, due to improved business performance and the                              to support continued growth in the Americas Gaming Operations
deferral of FY20 payments to FY21 due to COVID-19.                                         installed base.
                                                                                           Cash flow in the statutory format is set out in the financial
                                                                                           statements.




                                                                                                                                                                                19
Operating and Financial Review continued

Funding and Liquidity                                                                Dividends
The Group maintained excellent overall liquidity and balance sheet                   The Directors have authorised a final fully franked dividend of
strength over the reporting period. The Group had committed                          26.0 cents per share (A$174.0 million), in respect to the period
loan facilities of $3.5 billion at 30 September 2021, comprising                     ended 30 September 2021.
Term Loan B (TLB) facilities of US$2.34 billion and a $286 million
                                                                                     Total dividends in respect of the 2021 financial year amount to
revolving credit facility.
                                                                                     41.0 cents per share (A$269.6 million) and represents an increase
At period end, Aristocrat had total liquidity of approximately                       of 310% (or 31.0 cents) on the prior year.
$2.7 billion, comprised of cash and $277 million of the available
                                                                                     The dividend is expected to be declared and paid on 17 December
revolving credit facility, net of $9 million supporting letters of credit.
                                                                                     2021 to shareholders on the register at 5.00pm 2 December 2021.
The Group’s facilities are summarised as follows:                                    The dividend will be fully franked.

                                 Drawn as at                              Maturity   Foreign Exchange
Facility                         30 Sep 2021                  Limit          date
                                                                                     Given the extent of the Group’s global operations, its reported
Term Loan B facility            US$2,343.8m           US$2,343.8m         Oct 2024   results are impacted by movements in foreign exchange rates.
Revolving facility                   A$0.0m             A$286.0m          Jul 2024
Overdraft facilities                 A$0.0m                A$7.8m          Annual    In the 12 months to 30 September 2021, the Australian dollar
                                                                           Review    was, on average, stronger against the US dollar when compared
                                                                                     to the prior corresponding period. The impact of translating
The Group’s interest and debt coverage ratios are as follows:                        foreign currency (translational impact) decreased revenue by
                                                                                     $429 million, while decreasing normalised profit after tax and
15x                      14.6                                                        before amortisation of acquired intangibles by $97.6 million on
                                                                                     a weighted average basis when compared with rates prevailing
                                                                                     in the respective months in the prior corresponding period. In
                                                                                     addition, as at 30 September 2021, the cumulative effect of
                                                                                     the retranslation of the net assets of foreign controlled entities
                                                                                     (recognised through the foreign currency translation reserve) was
10x               9.5
                                                                                     a credit balance of $44.8 million (compared to a credit balance of
           8.8
                                                                                     $28.1 million as at 30 September 2020).
                                                                                     Based on the Group’s typical historical mix of profitability, the
                                                                                     major exposure to translational foreign exchange results from
                                                                                     the Group’s US dollar profits. A US 1 cent change in the US$: A$
5x
                                                                                     exchange rate resulted in an estimated annualised $13 million
                                                                                     translational impact on the Group’s annual profit after tax and
                                     2.9    2.7                                      before amortisation of acquired intangibles, based on the
                                                     2.0
                                                             1.4    1.2              last twelve-month period. This impact will vary in line with the
                                                                          0.5        magnitude and mix of overseas profits.
0x
                                                                                     Foreign exchange rates compared with prior corresponding
           EBITDA1/interest            Gross Debt/           Net debt (cash)/        periods for key currencies are as follows:
             expense 2 (x)             EBITDA1 (x)             EBITDA1 (x)
                                                                                                 30 Sep           31 Mar         30 Sep          2021        2020
           30 Sep 2020       31 Mar 2021       30 Sep 2021
                                                                                     A$:           2021             2021          2020        Average 1   Average 1
1. EBITDA refers to Consolidated EBITDA for the Group as defined in Aristocrat’s
   Syndicated Facility Agreement (also referred to as Bank EBITDA).                  USD        0.7184          0.7599         0.7163         0.7484       0.6819
2. Interest expense shown above includes ongoing finance fees relating to bank       NZD        1.0458          1.0873         1.0837         1.0622       1.0614
   debt facility arrangements, such as line fees.
                                                                                     EUR        0.6194          0.6479         0.6113         0.6276       0.6045
The Group’s leverage (net debt / EBITDA) reduced to 0.5x at                          GBP        0.5348          0.5512         0.5550         0.5467       0.5308
30 September 2021, from 1.4x in the prior corresponding period.                      ZAR       10.9105         11.2275        11.9900        11.1135      11.1411
                                                                                     ARS       70.8494         69.8948        54.5603        67.9846      45.2258
Credit Ratings
                                                                                     1. Average of monthly exchange rates only. No weighting applied.
The Group maintains credit ratings from both Moody’s Investor
Services and Standard & Poor’s to support its Term Loan B facility
arrangements.
As at 30 September 2021, Aristocrat holds credit ratings of BB+
from Standard & Poor’s and Ba1 from Moody’s. These ratings
were affirmed by both agencies during the reporting period. In
October 2021, Standard & Poor’s upgraded Aristocrat’s outlook
to Positive, which reflects a potential upgrade to BBB- upon close
of the Playtech acquisition due to the expanded scale, customer
and geographic footprint, and more diverse earnings profile of the
combined business. In November 2021, Fitch initiated coverage
of Aristocrat with a rating of BBB- and a Stable outlook.




20 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

Review of Operations
Segment Review
Segment profit represents earnings before interest and tax, and
before significant items detailed on page 17, charges for D&D
expenditure, amortisation of acquired intangibles and corporate
                                                                     North America Gaming Operations
                                                                     units and Average US$ fee/day                                      88
                                                                                                                                     + . %
                                                                                                                                        unit growth
costs. The total amount of these items is disclosed in the Group’s           60,000                                                             120.0
statement of profit or loss. Constant currency amounts refer to                                                               54,032
2021 results restated using exchange rates applying in 2020.
                                                                             50,000               48,218   49,668              26,313           100.0

1. Aristocrat Gaming                                                                              25,220    25,302
Americas                                                                     40,000                                                              80.0
Summary Profit or Loss


                                                                                                                                                         US$ per day1
                                                        Variance             30,000                          $51.01                              60.0
US$ million                     2021          2020            %      Units                        $50.46                       $57.24

Revenue                      1,365.4         934.7          46.1                                                               $51.41
                                                                             20,000                                                              40.0
Profit                         729.1         356.1        104.7                                   22,998
Margin                        53.4%          38.1%      15.3 pts                                            $35.55             27,719
                                                                             10,000                                                              20.0
In local currency, Americas profit increased by 104.7% to                                                   24,366
$729.1 million, driven by growth in the Class III Premium and
Class II Gaming Operations footprint, led by increasing depth                0                                                                     0.0
and strength in the product portfolio. Almost all machines                                         2019      2020               2021
were switched back on in customer venues that were open at
                                                                                 Class III premium units   Gaming operations US$/day
30 September 2021 as pandemic social distancing restrictions                     Class II units            Gaming operations US$/day unadjusted
eased within North America.
                                                                     1. FY20 and FY21 fee per day has been adjusted to exclude the number of days
                                                                        machines were not operating in the period due to COVID-19 social distancing
The business grew share across key segments, and expanded               restrictions or venue closures and therefore reflects the underlying performance
margins, despite ongoing COVID-19 impacts on market                     of the business. Unadjusted FPD for FY21 was US$51.41.
conditions. Operational momentum was supported by a stronger
                                                                     Key titles such as Cash Express: Luxury LineTM, Buffalo LinkTM,
than expected industry recovery and consumer sentiment,
                                                                     and Crazy Rich AsiansTM drove momentum. Continued growth
coupled with the provision of ongoing customer support and
                                                                     is expected in Class III Premium Gaming Operations with the
partnership initiatives.
                                                                     introduction and scaling of new hardware Neptune DoubleTM
Aristocrat’s Class III Premium installed base grew 13.8% to          recently featuring DuneTM and Wild BuffaloTM during the period.
27,719 units, with continued penetration of leading hardware
                                                                     Aristocrat averaged 17 of the Top 25 games on the Eilers premium
configurations and high-performing game titles.
                                                                     title list in the 12 months to 30 September 2021, demonstrating
                                                                     exceptional portfolio strength.
                                                                     Aristocrat’s Class II Gaming Operations installed base grew 4.0%
                                                                     during the period to 26,313 units with the release of the MarsXTM
                                                                     cabinet, supported by continued strength of the mechanical
                                                                     installed base.
                                                                     Strong game performance was achieved on the OvationTM platform,
                                                                     with titles such as Hunt for Neptune’s GoldTM and Buffalo XtremeTM,
                                                                     while growth was also delivered in Class II Premium Gaming
                                                                     Operations off the back of key games including Buffalo GrandTM,
                                                                     The Walking Dead IITM, Wild Lepre’CoinsTM and TarzanTM.
                                                                     On a combined and unadjusted basis, the average Class II and
                                                                     Class III fee per day (FPD) increased 45% to US$51.41, 2% above
                                                                     FY19, once again reflecting exceptional portfolio quality and
                                                                     improving consumer and economic conditions.




                                                                                                                                                                  21
Operating and Financial Review continued

North America Outright Sales units and                                                                    Latin America Outright Sales units, Average US$ price/unit
Average US$ price/unit                                                                                    and Recurring Revenue installed base
        20,000                                                                   24,000                           6,000                                                             18,000


                                                                                                                                                  $15,362
                                                                                                                  5,000                                                             15,000
        16,000                                                                   20,000
                                                                                                                              $14,870
                      $18,097                                                                                     4,000
                                                                                                                                                                           5,545    12,000
                                            $17,190              $17,169
        12,000                                                                   16,000



                                                                                           US$ per unit
                      17,262                                                                                                                           4,678

                                                                                                                                                                                              US$ per unit
Units                                                           11,645                                            3,000
                                                                                                                                      5,036
                                                                                                                                                                                     9,000
                                                                                                          Units
        8,000                                                                    12,000
                                           9,589                                                                                                                     $7,171
                                                                                                                  2,000                                                              6,000

        4,000                                                            5,798     8,000
                                                                                                                  1,000       1,512                                                  3,000
                                                                                                                                                                   1,406
                                                                                                                                                 486
                               2,464               1,613
        0                                                                          4,000                          0                                                                       0
                         2019                 2020                2021                                                          2019               2020             2021
                 Platforms         Conversions        Average US$ price /platform unit                            Platforms   Recurring revenue installed base   Average US$ price/platform unit


Outright Sales revenue increased 30% compared to the prior                                                Latin America performance was driven by COVID-19 related
corresponding period, which represents a significant recovery                                             customer venue re-openings and general economic conditions
as we continue to see ongoing effects from COVID-19 drive                                                 improving throughout the year.
customer capital prioritisation.
                                                                                                          Australia and New Zealand
The launch of MarsXTM Portrait drove increased market
                                                                                                          Summary Profit or Loss
penetration in the very competitive portrait for-sale segment.
The cabinet launched with hit titles Cash-AcrossTM, Fu Di Lian                                                                                Constant
Lian BoostTM and Wonder 4 Boost GoldTM. In addition, Aristocrat’s                                                                             currency                             Variance
                                                                                                          A$ million                              2021             2020                  %
top sales titles on the Helix XTTM cabinet, Buffalo ChiefTM, and
Cashman BingoTM are also available on the MarsXTM Portrait.                                               Revenue                               400.0            280.6                 42.6
                                                                                                          Profit                                152.2             58.9               158.4
MarsXTM Dual continued to be the top performing dual-screen
                                                                                                          Margin                                38.1%            21.0%             17.1 pts
cabinet in the segment supported by Buffalo Gold RevolutionTM
and Fu Dai Lian LianTM, with key releases Choy’s KingdomTM and
                                                                                                          ANZ revenue increased by 42.6% to $400.0 million in constant
ConanTM open for sale now.
                                                                                                          currency compared to the prior corresponding period, while
Aristocrat continued its expansion into attractive adjacent                                               overall profit increased by 158.4% to $152.2 million.
markets in line with the business strategy. These included VLT
                                                                                                          Margin increased 17.1 percentage points to 38.1% reflective of
Canada, VLT Illinois and Washington CDS segments. Aristocrat
                                                                                                          COVID-19 impacts in FY20 and favourable product mix against
is also poised to enter both the Kentucky HHR and the New York
                                                                                                          the prior period.
Lottery markets early in calendar 2022.
Average Sales Price (ASP) remained strong, in line with the prior
corresponding period, driven by outstanding performance of the
MarsXTM cabinet and overall product mix in the period.
Significant expansion in the Customer Experience (CX) operations
in Gaming, to unlock new value streams by delivering customers
and Gaming patrons connected products and services in line
with Aristocrat’s growth strategy. This has included deploying
innovative products to promote hygiene and support social
distancing on gaming floors, as well as the approval of an
Australian-first field trial of Aristocrat’s cashless gaming solution.




22 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

                                                                                                     2. Aristocrat Digital
ANZ Outright Sales units and Average A$ price/unit                                                   Summary Profit or Loss
        16,000                                                                22,000                                                                             Variance
                                                                                                     US$ million                    2021            2020               %
                     $21,252
                                         $20,786            $20,045                                  Bookings                    1,844.4         1,612.1             14.4
                                                                                                     Revenue                     1,845.1         1,609.1             14.7
        12,000                                                                18,000
                    13,425                                                                           Profit                        602.1           494.9             21.7
                                                                                                     Margin                       32.6%           30.8%           1.8 pts
                                                            12,082
                                                                                                     Digital bookings grew 14.4% compared to the prior corresponding

                                                                                        A$ per day
        8,000                                                                 14,000
Units                                                                                                period, driven by:
                                                                                                     – Continued effective investment in Live Ops, features and new
                                        7,818
                                                                                                       content, combined with an improvement in player engagement
        4,000                                                                 10,000
                                                                                                       and monetisation.
                                                                                                     – A US$71 million increase in User Acquisition (UA) investment
                             4,225                                                                     supporting the profitable growth of RAID: Shadow LegendsTM,
                                                2,739                2,900                             the performance of Social Casino games, especially Lightning
        0                                                                       6,000                  LinkTM and Cashman CasinoTM, the scaling of EverMergeTM
                       2019               2020                 2021                                    in the growing Casual Merge genre, and the launch of Mech
                                                                                                       Arena: Robot ShowdownTM, the new multiplayer game, which
                 Platforms       Conversions      Average A$ price /platform unit
                                                                                                       represents a first step for Aristocrat Digital in the Action genre.
Average cabinet selling price decreased slightly from the prior                                      – A sustained increase in consumer demand for Digital games
corresponding period driven by promotional activity to aid                                             and strong overall market growth, albeit at levels somewhat
customer recovery and support longer term growth.                                                      moderated compared to the second half of fiscal 2020.

The ANZ business extended its market-leading ship share over                                         Digital profit increased 21.7% to US$602 million driven by efficient
the period, driven by the continued performance of the Dragon                                        and effective UA allocation across the portfolio, the increased
LinkTM and Dragon CashTM families, recent releases Grand StarTM,                                     contribution from the PC platform Plarium Play, the strategic
Choy’s KingdomTM and Dollar StormTM on our HelixXTM and MarsXTM                                      rebasing of the Big Fish Games business completed in the second
cabinets, and strengthened customer engagement.                                                      half of fiscal year 2020, and prudent cost management. UA
                                                                                                     investment represented 28% of Digital revenue during the period.
International Class III                                                                              Aristocrat Digital continues to invest in new content and widening
Summary Profit or Loss                                                                               its in-house capabilities in order to secure world-class game
                                     Constant                                                        development talent, enhance the games pipeline and sustain
                                     currency                                 Variance               strong growth momentum. The business remains focused on
A$ million                               2021                 2020                  %                growing its market position in existing and new genres and
                                                                                                     markets. It is also focused on driving synergies and efficiency
Revenue                                  46.7               131.4                (64.5)
                                                                                                     across the portfolio, sharing best practices and further expanding
(Loss)/Profit                           (10.6)               34.3              (130.9)
                                                                                                     in new attractive locations.
Margin                                (22.7)%               26.1%            (48.8) pts
Class III Platforms                       626               3,009                (79.2)              During the period, Aristocrat Digital finalised three key talent
                                                                                                     acquisitions:
International Class III revenue and profit decreased 64.5% and
                                                                                                     – Futureplay, Helsinki (Finland) based free-to-play mobile gaming
130.9% respectively to $46.7 million and ($10.6) million compared
                                                                                                       studio specialised in the growing Merge/Match 3 segment of
to the prior corresponding period, due to COVID-19 related venue
                                                                                                       the Casual market and publisher of Merge GardensTM.
closures across key markets.
                                                                                                     – Northern Stars, Helsinki-based studio focused on the emerging
In Asia, although venues have mostly reopened, international                                           Hybrid Casual genre.
travel restrictions have continued to impact operators and
                                                                                                     – Playsoft, Gdańsk (Poland) based mobile gaming studio
significantly reduce capital expenditure budgets.
                                                                                                       specialising in the Social Casino genre.




                                                                                                                                                                             23
 Operating and Financial Review continued

 Bookings 1 by Genre
                2,000
                                                                                  14%
                                                                                  +
                                                                                  bookings
                                                                                             Social Casual
                                                                                             The Social Casual segment delivered US$305 million in
                                                                1,844.4           growth     bookings in the period, an increase of 18% on the prior
                                                                                             corresponding period, driven by the strong growth of
                                               1,612.1           632.6                       EverMergeTM as a result of the highly successful deployment
                1,600
                                                                                             of Live Ops, new content and features, and effective UA
                                               539.4                                         investment.



Bookings US$m
                              1,227.8                                                        Daily Active Users (DAU) and Average US$ bookings
                1,200
                              300.5                              304.5                       per DAU (ABPDAU)

                800           289.3
                                               257.6

                                                815.1
                                                                 907.3
                                                                                                    7.5
                                                                                                                                              0.74
                                                                                                                                                     + 25%
                                                                                                                                                       ABPDAU
                                                                                                                                                       growth
                              638.0                                                                                 6.8
                400                                                                                         6.7
                                                                                                                                      0.59

                0
                               2019             2020              2021
                        Social Casino   Social Casual    RPG, Strategy & Action                                               0.41
 1. Bookings are an operational metric reflecting the amount of virtual currency, virtual
    goods and premium games the consumer has purchased. Reported revenue
    comprises bookings adjusted for deferred revenue.

 Social Casino
 The Social Casino segment contributed US$907 million
 in bookings in the period, an increase of 11% on the prior
 corresponding period, driven mainly by continued strong growth of
 Lightning LinkTM and Cashman CasinoTM, supported by the ongoing                                      DAU Period end            ABPDAU Full year
                                                                                                         (million)                  (US $)
 performance of Big Fish CasinoTM and Jackpot Magic SlotsTM.
                                                                                                    2019     2020      2021
 Performance benefited from continuous optimisation of existing
 games, and effective investments in Live Ops, features and new                              DAU increased to 6.8 million in the period, driven by our focus
 slot content, with an average cadence of circa 8 new games per                              on DAU quality across the Digital portfolio. This is reflected in
 month during the period, showing ability to leverage capability in                          ABPDAU performance, which grew 25% or US$0.15 compared
 slots production.                                                                           to the prior corresponding period, demonstrating strengthening
 RPG, Strategy and Action                                                                    player engagement across the portfolio.

 The Role-Playing Games (RPG), Strategy and Action segments                                  Post year end, Aristocrat Digital has rebranded to Pixel United.
 contributed US$633 million in bookings in the period, an increase
 of 17% on the prior corresponding period, driven by continued
 profitable growth of RAID: Shadow LegendsTM and the worldwide
 launch of Mech Arena: Robot ShowdownTM. Legacy titles also
 continued to generate solid revenue and contribute to profitability,
 particularly Vikings: War of ClansTM.




 24 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

Principal Risks
Managing risk is essential to providing greater certainty in the delivery of our strategy and continued
performance of our business
Aristocrat aims to maintain a healthy tension between entrepreneurial activities and protecting enterprise value. We strive to be a ‘risk
intelligent enterprise’ that encourages employees to make risk-based decisions that align with our risk appetite and values.
Aristocrat recognises the need to integrate risk management into strategic and operational planning and decision making. The
identification and management of risks that could impact Aristocrat’s strategic, operational, and financial objectives is essential to good
corporate governance, and the protection of long-term shareholder value.
Aristocrat uses risk management at all levels in the organisation to mitigate potential threats, improve our preparedness to respond to
crises and emerging risks, and provide greater surety as we pursue opportunities.

Risk Management Framework
Aristocrat’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework (the Framework) is core to our risk management program and approach.
The Framework provides the tools and directions for the timely identification, evaluation, reporting and treatment of material risks and
opportunities, so that they remain within acceptable thresholds as set by Aristocrat’s Board of Directors. The Framework is also designed
to highlight emerging risks.
The Framework is underpinned by Aristocrat’s Global Risk Management Policy (the Policy). The Policy establishes the Group’s desired risk
culture, commitment to risk management and makes clear that everyone in the Group has a role to play in effective risk management.
The Framework also includes Board approved Risk Appetite Statements, which set the types and levels of risk and risk behaviours the
Group is willing to accept as we execute our strategy. The Framework aligns with the International Risk Management Standard ISO
31000, and encompasses the steps illustrated in Figure 1.

Figure 1: Enterprise Risk Management Process

                                                     Record, Report and Communicate




    Risk Appetite          Discover                 Understand                    Act                     Manage             Internal Audit
    Establish risk       Discover what           Understand current          Make decisions           Manage risk until          Assess
    olerance and        could happen in             actions and                 and act               aligned with risk       and validate
     boundaries            the future                prioritise                                           tolerance




                                                             Monitor and Review


The Framework facilitates the management of risk at both an enterprise and business unit/functional level. This ensures a ‘top down’ and
‘bottom up’ approach. It addresses both financial and non-financial risk (legal and regulatory, reputation, environmental, people, health,
safety and wellbeing, business resilience, customer/player, cyber security, data privacy and product and technology), with consideration
of both internal and external factors. Figure 2 illustrates our ERM coverage.

Figure 2: Risk Identification, Review and Assessment Coverage




     Enterprise             Financial and            Short and             Across our global         Internal and               Current
    and Business            Non-Financial            Long Term              Gaming, Digital         External inputs          and Emerging
     Unit Level                                                             and Corporate
                                                                               functions


The Framework is overseen by Aristocrat’s Board of Directors. It is actively managed by our Chief Executive Officer and Executive
Steering Committee, with the support of a network of Risk Champions, and maintained by the Group Risk and Audit function. The
Framework is reviewed and refreshed at least annually, in line with the ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations.




                                                                                                                                              25
Operating and Financial Review continued

Principal Risks
Aristocrat has a strong track record of managing multiple and complex risks. This year, COVID-19 and other macro challenges have
continued to impact our industries and business, requiring a sustained and heightened focus on our enterprise risk management efforts.
Whether they be challenges caused by prolonged periods of lockdown and corresponding employee health and wellbeing concerns,
changes in the global geopolitical landscape or the supply chain disruptions driven by COVID-19, Aristocrat has responded to these
by remaining agile, flexing the way we operate and making swift and effective decisions. These decisions have been risk-based and
informed by an Enterprise Risk Profile that has been regularly reviewed and updated by our Executive Steering Committee and the Board
of Directors.
Principal risks currently identified as relevant to Aristocrat (in no particular order) are set out below.

Business Resilience
Responding in the Face of a Pandemic or Other Unplanned Operational Incidents

   Risk Description
   Failure to respond to pandemics or other unplanned operational incidents within the business which impact employee health and
   wellbeing, or the ability to deliver upon our commercial objectives, resulting in lost revenue and reputational impacts.

   2021 Commentary                                                     Management and Mitigation
   COVID-19 continued to pose various challenges and                   – Refresh of Business Resilience Framework including Business
   disruptions in FY21. While we are managing through the                Resilience Plans with dedicated teams at local, regional and
   current crisis effectively, including the impacts of the Delta        executive levels
   outbreak, future waves of COVID-19, the outbreak of another         – Localised decision-making, with an active wellbeing focus
   pandemic, or other unplanned operational incidents present a          and monitoring of evolving government guidelines and
   risk to Aristocrat.                                                   requirements
                                                                       – Mass communication system in place to notify and account
                                                                         for employees
                                                                       – Continued diversification of operations in line with growth
                                                                         strategy



Customer
Maintaining and Growing Aristocrat Gaming Customer Market Share

   Risk Description
   Aristocrat’s strategy to support customers and grow share in Aristocrat Gaming markets coming out of the COVID-19 crisis, is
   not effectively implemented, resulting in the weakening of operator relationships and a failure to grow share.

   2021 Commentary                                                        Management and Mitigation
   COVID-19 continued to disrupt Aristocrat Gaming customer               – Close monitoring of three-year plan and achievement of
   operations; however customer and player demand has                       strategic goals
   generally rebounded faster than expectations. Aristocrat               – Strong governance and approvals processes
   maintained its customer-centric response, protecting our
                                                                          – Continued investment in differentiators, including market-
   investment in strong product, people and customer service.
                                                                            leading product portfolios, tailored to customer needs
   However, we expect conditions to remain highly competitive.
                                                                          – Voice of the Customer program




26 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

Global Supply Chain
Managing Global Supply Constraints

  Risk Description
  Global supply chain disruptions, including materials shortages and logistical bottlenecks impacting our ability to serve our
  customers.

  2021 Commentary                                                   Management and Mitigation
  Global supply chain challenges, particularly materials            – Dedicated team actioning a supply strategy responding to
  shortages, freight constraints and increasing freight prices        market conditions as they evolve
  has impacted organisations worldwide.                             – Regular sales and operations planning meetings with Global
  Aristocrat has bolstered its supply chain resiliency, by            Supply Chain to mirror inventory to supply demand
  diversifying sourcing for critical supply and establishing spot   – Ongoing engagement with key suppliers to strengthen
  contracts.                                                          relationships and ensure delivery commitments
                                                                    – Diversified sourcing arrangements for critical supply, and
                                                                      ongoing improvements in supply chain resiliency
                                                                    – Safety stock holdings and forward purchasing



People
Attraction and Retention of Talent

  Risk Description
  Ineffective recruitment, retention and engagement of talent impacting the delivery of growth strategy.

  2021 Commentary                                                   Management and Mitigation
  Aristocrat continued to invest strongly in the development        – Talent management and competency framework
  and retention of high performing employees. We have               – Continuous focus on Company culture and improvement of
  continued to attract world-class talent across the business,        Employee Value Proposition including regular engagement
  including in Digital, D&D, Technology, Commercial and               and pulse surveys and achievement of Great Places to Work
  other core skillsets in FY21 through M&A, talent deals and          certification (US, AU, India)
  extensive recruitment.
                                                                    – Review of salary benchmarks, incentive and rewards
  However, there continues to be heightened competition for           programs
  great talent globally, accelerated by COVID-19 impacts, and       – Global talent mapping to maintain recruitment candidate
  evolving employee preferences.                                      pipeline and support focused talent searches
                                                                    – Enterprise leadership development programs
                                                                    – Adoption of flexible work policies, and pivot to permanent,
                                                                      hybrid work model




                                                                                                                                    27
Operating and Financial Review continued

Health, Safety and Wellbeing
Maintaining the Health and Wellbeing of Our People

   Risk Description
   Failure to properly protect the physical and mental wellbeing of our workforce resulting in harm to our people.

   2021 Commentary                                                  Management and Mitigation
   The health and wellbeing of our people has always been           – Refreshed group-wide Health and Safety (H&S) Framework
   paramount. However, COVID-19 has heightened both physical          including policies, procedures, and risk management program
   and mental health risks, with mental wellbeing a particular      – Regular pulse surveys driving improvements in wellbeing
   concern.                                                           program
   Aristocrat has implemented regular employee pulse checks,        – Rigorous COVID-19 H&S requirements including mandatory
   rolled out a comprehensive wellbeing and employee support          PPE, temperature checks, and compliance checks
   program and implemented workplace safety measures that           – Broad reaching wellbeing initiatives including new
   are continuously reviewed. This includes Return to Office          benefits, flexible work options and increased leadership
   guidelines and protocols aligned with local government             communication
   guidelines. Aristocrat has also adopted a permanent flexible
                                                                    – Periodic review of Employee Assistance Program data to
   hybrid work model globally, supported by refreshed policies
                                                                      identify trends
   and processes, to give maximum choice and flexibility to our
   people.                                                          – Robust Return to Work protocols with a focus on employee
                                                                      safety and compliance with local government regulation



Cyber Security
Securing and Controlling Information Assets

   Risk Description
   Uncontrolled access to information assets resulting in business disruption, financial loss and loss of trust/reputation with
   employees, customers and shareholders.

   2021 Commentary                                                  Management and Mitigation
   FY21 saw a rapid rise in the frequency and sophistication of     – Implementation of a global information security policy
   cyber-attacks aimed at companies, including in the industries    – Compulsory information security training program, including
   in which we operate.                                               targeted programs for technicians interacting with customer
   Aristocrat continued to invest in improving our cyber maturity     networks
   and bolstering security defences and capabilities. Aristocrat    – Continuous improvement of cyber security posture through
   has built robust internal capabilities, and implemented            implementation of a robust cyber maturity roadmap
   leading tools and systems to identify, respond to and mitigate   – Maintenance of a business resilience program
   incidents when they arise. We continue to monitor evolving
                                                                    – Development and testing of a Ransomware Playbook and
   cyber threats and changes to cyber security laws and adapt
                                                                      incident response processes
   our cyber practices in response.
                                                                    – Annual internal audit




28 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

Data Privacy
Protecting Sensitive Consumer and Employee Data

  Risk Description
  Breach of data privacy and retention regulations resulting in fine, prosecution and impact to reputation.

  2021 Commentary                                                   Management and Mitigation
  Aristocrat has continued to mature its data privacy               – Global data privacy program framework, policies and principles
  program, with further investment in policies, processes           – Privacy Governance Steerco in place
  and capabilities. An updated Data Privacy Roadmap was
                                                                    – Compulsory data privacy training program
  established in FY21 and will be a key strategic priority going
  forward.                                                          – Enhancement of data management practices, procedures,
                                                                      and expertise, including detailed Data Privacy Roadmap
                                                                    – Maintenance of a business resilience program
                                                                    – Annual internal audit



Social Responsibility
Maintaining our Social License to Operate

  Risk Description
  Community concerns around gaming / gambling leads to negative legal or regulatory changes that cause a significant loss of
  addressable market, loss of revenue and growth opportunities, talent loss and/or reputational damage.
  2021 Commentary                                                  Management and Mitigation
  Aristocrat seeks to take a leadership position in promoting      – Dedicated Responsible Gameplay and Corporate Social
  responsible gameplay and sustainability in all we do. In           Responsibility team and strategy established, with Board
  FY21, we made significant strides in further embedding our         oversight
  commitments, particularly across our Gaming and Social           – CEO and key executives have performance metrics
  Casino operations. Our Group sustainability disclosures and        addressing sustainability and Responsible Gameplay
  priorities continue to expand and are focused on material
                                                                   – Group-wide Responsible Gameplay policy approved and
  business issues.
                                                                     embedded in product design, marketing, and other core
                                                                     functions
                                                                   – Compulsory Responsible Gameplay training rolled out across
                                                                     global organisation
                                                                   – Expanding program of Responsible Gameplay awareness-
                                                                     building and engagement activities for employees



Geopolitical Tensions
Operating in Unstable Geopolitical Environments

  Risk Description
  Unstable geopolitical environment impacts employee engagement, health and wellbeing, global supply chain, innovation pipeline
  and revenue.

  2021 Commentary                                                     Management and Mitigation
  Globally, there has been an increase in the level of                – Robust assessment of geopolitical conditions prior to new
  geopolitical instability in recent years, including tensions          market entry
  between China and countries including the US, Australia and         – Ongoing monitoring and evaluation of international issues,
  India. In addition, relations between Israel / the Palestinian        economic and political indicators, and legislation as
  Territories and Ukraine / Russia remain tense, and we have            relevant to our operations with the support of third-party
  seen political unrest in Belarus.                                     specialists where required
  In response, Aristocrat has completed a number of                   – Maintenance of strong relationships with key stakeholders
  geopolitical studies, and risk deep dives into areas of               in relevant locations
  concern, using outcomes to inform mitigation plans and              – Enhancement of our business resilience measures
  strategic planning.
                                                                      – Ongoing diversification of studios / locations




                                                                                                                                       29
Operating and Financial Review continued

Market and Technology Disruption
Responding to Market Disruption

   Risk Description
   Failure to adequately respond to disruption and rising competition (consolidation and new market participants) through
   innovation, creation of new content and robust market strategies, could impact our market share, and strategic objectives.

   2021 Commentary                                                  Management and Mitigation
   COVID-19 has accelerated change and will continue to             – Continuous monitoring and re-evaluation of Company
   create disruption and opportunities. This includes the uptake      strategy to account for changing trends, consumer
   by consumers of online entertainment options, including            behaviours, technology changes and competitor initiatives
   mobile games and online gaming. The changes will produce         – Expansion and diversification of products, services, and
   competitive responses that have the potential to reshape our       markets, in line with strategy
   operating environments.
                                                                    – Design and Development investment to address disruption
                                                                      and rigorous focus on returns
                                                                    – Active approach to pursuing inorganic growth opportunities
                                                                      and strategic portfolio moves



Laws and Regulations
Maintaining Compliance in a Changing Gaming and Non-Gaming Regulatory Environment

   Risk Description
   Gaming Laws and Regulations
   Aristocrat Gaming
   A change in government or regulatory policies or their interpretation or enforcement may impact our operations or our
   customers’ operations. Difficulties or delays in obtaining or maintaining required licences or approvals could negatively impact
   our business as well.
   Aristocrat Digital
   Mobile social games are generally not subject to product-level regulation, beyond consumer laws, platform requirements and
   self-regulatory standards. However, the industry is relatively young and stakeholder expectations are evolving. New regulations
   have the capacity to impact our operations.
   Non-Gaming Laws and Regulations
   Breach of non-gaming laws and regulations could result in financial penalties, sanctions, reputational damages and civil /
   criminal proceedings.

   2021 Commentary                                                  Management and Mitigation
   Scrutiny of consumer uptake of both digital games and            – Comprehensive regulatory compliance function and
   gambling products continued to be amplified by the                 governance framework across all regulated business and
   disruption of COVID-19. Across our regulated operations,           functions
   Aristocrat takes a scrupulous approach to compliance. More       – Continuous dialogue with gaming regulators and strong
   generally, we continuously monitor stakeholder expectations        commitment to transparency and compliance
   and seek to improve our own standards and processes to
                                                                    – Robust government relations, responsible gameplay, and
   remain at best practice, or better. We contribute actively to
                                                                      sustainability functions
   consideration of any reform measures, to ensure changes
   are effective, practical and affordable.                         – In digital games, implementation of industry-leading
                                                                      standards in responsible gameplay
   During FY21, Aristocrat maintained its strong regulatory
                                                                    – Active engagement with industry associations and other
   compliance posture, sustaining strong regulator
                                                                      stakeholders, active monitoring of expectations and potential
   relationships, strengthening board level governance
                                                                      reform measures
   arrangements and increasing investment in compliance
   resources and systems.                                           – Increased investment in our Non-Gaming Compliance
                                                                      Framework and resources
                                                                    – Global mandatory compliance training and awareness
                                                                      programs
                                                                    – Engagement of legal and regulatory specialists




30 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Operating and Financial Review continued

Distribution Platforms
Overreliance on Third Party Distribution Platforms

  Risk Description
  If digital platform partners enforce unfavourable terms of use, including increased fees, tighter advertising tracking or privacy
  requirements, or shutdown of our applications, this could result in higher operating costs, and more difficulty attracting new
  players. However, diversification of the distribution platform base, is seen to also present opportunity if managed effectively.

  2021 Commentary                                                      Management and Mitigation
  Third party platforms including Facebook, Google Play and            – Monitoring of latest developments, proposals and rules
  the Apple App Store continue to be key distribution channels           enacted by platform partners
  for our Digital content. Aristocrat strives to build constructive    – Ongoing and proactive dialogue with platform partners
  commercial relationships with platform providers.
                                                                       – Continued diversification into new channels and investment in
  During FY21, the mobile games industry was affected                    new platforms for distribution and game marketing
  by changes to Apple’s iOS policy, which reduced the                  – Ongoing portfolio diversification
  effectiveness of digital marketing particularly within the
                                                                       – Development of a Digital government and industry relations
  casual and hyper-casual game genres. Aristocrat’s portfolio
                                                                         strategy
  mix and strength in social casino and RPG has mitigated the
  impact, and we also continued to diversify our marketing and
  platform mix, in line with our strategy.



Intellectual Property
Protecting our Intellectual Property

  Risk Description
  Theft of, or inability to protect our intellectual property (IP) could result in a loss of competitive advantage due to loss of
  exclusivity, suppressed innovation, and/or reputation and brand damage. This could impact our revenues.

   2021 Commentary                                                    Management and Mitigation
   IP is one of Aristocrat’s most critical assets. Our product        – Formalised processes for registering trademarks, copyrights,
   continues to be best-in-class across our Gaming and Digital          and patents
   portfolios, and we maintain a rigorous approach to protecting      – Trademark and patent watches, clearance and searches
   our IP and the resulting competitive advantage.
                                                                      – Investment in capability and engagement of internal/external
                                                                        legal counsel to support IP management
                                                                      – Third party contracts preclude improper use of Aristocrat IP
                                                                      – Continued ‘zero tolerance’ approach to IP breaches, and
                                                                        rigorous enforcement culture Government relations strategy
                                                                        includes active approach to IP policy in key jurisdictions




                                                                                                                                         31
Remuneration Report

People & Culture Committee Chair’s Letter
Dear Shareholder
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 September 2021.

Performance and Remuneration Outcomes for FY2021
The Company delivered very strong performance over the year, stronger than was anticipated for FY2021. This was achieved
notwithstanding a number of significant COVID-related headwinds including the impact of extended lockdowns in major Australian
markets, ongoing economic dislocation and operational constraints on gaming customers, supply chain disruptions and fierce
competition for talent. Performance highlights for the year include:
– the achievement of an enhanced market-leading position in North American Gaming Operations, with a strong average fee per
  day performance, and sustained momentum across key Gaming Outright Sales markets globally;
– further growth in Digital, as the business maintained its position as a Top 5 mobile games publisher in tier 1 western markets
  and accounted for 7 games in the US top 100 at period end, across multiple genres;
– organic growth delivered in line with our strategy, off the back of continued strong investment in D&D and User Acquisition,
  to further strengthen and broaden our product portfolios and drive sustained, long-term growth; and
– maintenance of strong operating cash flows with strong recurring revenues, prudent cost management and cash flow discipline,
  evidenced by the FCF conversion rate of 126%, which was 153% of target. The Group also maintained a robust balance sheet
  with gearing (Net Debt/EBITDA) at 0.5x, significantly ahead of 1.4x in FY2020.
These achievements, together with pleasing employee engagement results, and the progress our business leaders delivered in
deepening the business’ resilience and nurturing a ‘people first’ culture, have resulted in generally strong STI and LTI outcomes
this year.
We set STI targets at the beginning of FY2021 on the understanding that the targets and underlying assumptions would be reviewed
during the year due to the ongoing uncertainty resulting from COVID-19. The Board proactively considered and tested those underlying
assumptions and targets at half year, noting those assumptions that would create unintended STI outcomes, such as the quicker
than anticipated rates at which venues and casinos were re-opening globally, and the stronger than expected consumer sentiment
and economic conditions in the United States and ANZ region. This was balanced against the need for the Board to acknowledge the
Group’s strong performance in the first half of the year – in the Gaming business, exceptional product performance and customer
engagement drove profit growth while in the Digital business, above industry-average growth in bookings was delivered, translating
into revenue and profit growth – and the Board determined that it was appropriate to acknowledge but cap HY2021 outperformance
for STI outcomes.
Further, guided by Aristocrat’s remuneration framework and governance arrangements, the Board reset STI targets and assumptions
for the second half of the year. Even with these adjustments, the Group outperformed expectations, as outlined above, and our
STI outcomes for our Executive KMP varied between 170% and 191% of STI target awards (compared to the maximum target STI
opportunity of 200%), reflecting the achievement of normalised NPATA of $864.7 million (in reported currency), which is an increase
year on year of 81.4%.
Our 2019 LTI Grant was tested this year, at the end of its 3 year performance period. While we did not meet our EPSA 1 growth targets
over this COVID-disrupted period, our TSR ranking of 71.5th percentile (and TSR performance of 50.02%), together with strong delivery
of applicable individual OKRs, resulted overall in the 2019 LTI Grant vesting at 67.9% for those Executive KMP with 2019 LTI Grants.
These remuneration outcomes reflect the strong performance of the executive leadership team, who have led Aristocrat’s people
and business effectively through a period of ongoing disruption, continuing to deliver organic growth in line with the Group’s growth
strategy and in support of shareholder interests.

Risk, ESG and Remuneration
The Board continued to align our risk, remuneration and consequences management framework, with the People and Culture
Committee and Audit Committee meeting concurrently to consider if there were risk-based or other adjustments that may warrant
consideration in the Board’s determination of remuneration outcomes.
The Committees observed management’s continued progress in embedding effective risk management throughout the organisation
to support achievement of business priorities and fulfill corporate governance objectives.
Aristocrat also continues its focus on risk-based identification of environment, social and governance (ESG) priorities, including
responsible gameplay and other sustainability initiatives. The Board is pleased to confirm that no risk-based or other adjustments
to remuneration were recommended by the Committees as a result of their review of risks and behaviours.




1. 2019 LTI Grants are the final grants with EPSA growth targets. The Board has determined to transition from a Relevant EPSA hurdle to a Relevant EPS hurdle
   for future LTI grants, commencing with grants made in FY2020.




32 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

People & Culture Committee Chair’s Letter continued
One-off Executive Remuneration Arrangements
As disclosed last year, special equity grants were made in FY2021 to key Executives excluding the CEO (the Executive special
equity award).
This award followed a Board-initiated review of Aristocrat’s global remuneration framework which highlighted that the executive
incentive arrangements were materially lower than prevailing arrangements in Aristocrat’s key global talent markets, particularly in
terms of STI and LTI levels.
The grant was also made in the context of an intensely competitive market for talent in our industries, and the fact that Aristocrat’s
main competitors (and the US market in general) offer STI and LTI opportunities at a quantum of 2 to 3 times fixed remuneration
(far above the opportunities seen in the Australian market). The LTI awards of many of these peers often contain a component that is
not subject to performance conditions.
The Board took proactive steps in the form of the Executive special equity award to address substantial gaps in our Executive’s
remuneration and live retention risks with some of our key talent. The Executive special equity award vests progressively over the next
three years to immediately (in the case of the first tranche) help address the competitiveness of our Executive remuneration and then
across the mid-term (for the second and third tranches). This was undertaken in order to secure and motivate the executive team to
lead Aristocrat through a challenging and intensive period of COVID-related disruption and ensure delivery of the Group’s ambitious
medium-term growth strategy.
These grants have been designed to complement Aristocrat’s executive remuneration framework and are subject to delivery of a
number of strategic objectives subject to Board discretion to ensure that awards are appropriate in all the circumstances. The strategic
objectives to be met for vesting of the Executive special equity grant were aligned with those of our LTI on the basis that they are
focused on delivery of our strategy and the fact that the Executive special equity award was made to address the fact that elements
of our remuneration were uncompetitive with those being offered by our peers.
The first tranche of these awards vested at the end of the year and the Board is pleased to report that not only were all strategic
objectives met but the awards were successful in helping to retain the overwhelming majority of executives who were eligible to
receive the award.
Table 5 highlights the Company’s achievements, led by the executive team, in a period of COVID-related disruption. Further detail on
the Executive special equity awards can be found on pages 43 and 44.

Proposed Increase to NED Fee Pool
At the FY2022 AGM, the Board will be seeking approval to increase the NED fee pool. The last increase to the fee pool was approved
at the FY2018 AGM, also around the time when fee levels were last increased, and your company was approximately half the size it is
now (by market capitalisation). Aristocrat’s strong growth across core and adjacent markets since the 2018 AGM has resulted in the
increased workload and responsibilities of the Board and its Committees.
The Board anticipates that this workload is likely to continue to increase over the coming years as Aristocrat accelerates and
executes on its growth strategy through acquisitions, such as the announcement by the Company on 18 October 2021 of a
recommended cash offer for Playtech plc (LSE: PTEC) (Playtech) that, if completed, will result in a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, Aristocrat (UK) Holdings Limited, acquiring the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Playtech.
The Board is seeking approval for an increase to the NED fee pool from A$3,200,000 to A$4,000,000 per annum as it considers the
competitiveness of its fees and to provide the Board with sufficient flexibility to attract and appoint global directors (including up to
two new NEDs for the Board), and facilitate orderly Board succession planning.
The Board believes that Aristocrat’s remuneration framework is robust and fit for purpose in driving further growth and performance
of our globally scaled gaming content, technology and mobile games business. We will continue to monitor our performance
and remuneration frameworks to ensure they support the Group’s strategy, delivery of sustainable shareholder value and fair and
equitable outcomes for our people.
We invite you to read the Remuneration Report and welcome your feedback.




Kathleen Conlon
People & Culture Committee Chair




                                                                                                                                            33
Remuneration Report continued

Remuneration Report Overview
This FY2021 Remuneration Report has been prepared and audited as required by the Corporations Act. Terms used in this Remuneration
Report are defined in the Glossary on page 57.

Who is covered by this report?
The composition of the Group’s KMP is set out below. All KMP held their position for the full duration of FY2021.

KMP                                                  Position                                                                                                       Location

Non-Executive Directors
Neil Chatfield                                       Chairman; Director                                                                                            Australia
Kathleen Conlon                                      Director                                                                                                      Australia
Philippe Etienne                                     Director                                                                                                      Australia
Pat Ramsey                                           Lead US Director 1                                                                                       United States
Arlene Tansey                                        Director                                                                                                      Australia
Sylvia Summers Couder                                Director                                                                                                 United States

Executive KMP
Trevor Croker                                        CEO and Managing Director                                                                                United States
Julie Cameron-Doe                                    CFO                                                                                                      United States
Mitchell Bowen                                       CEO Gaming and Chief Transformation Officer                                                                   Australia
Mike Lang                                            CEO Digital                                                                                               Great Britain

1. One Non-Executive Director acts as the Lead US Director. The Lead US Director assists the Board with review and oversight of Aristocrat’s North American business.


Aristocrat is one of a small group of ASX listed companies that derives the majority of its revenues from overseas markets
(with approximately 8% of revenue derived from the Australian Gaming business this financial year) and is genuinely global in its
structure and operations. Although Aristocrat is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange, it has over 7,000 employees based globally
in over 20 locations around the world and is licensed in more than 320 jurisdictions.
Aristocrat’s senior leadership is predominantly US based, and the business must increasingly attract and retain leaders in US and
other markets with technology and global management skillsets. US market practice in particular places a greater emphasis on at-risk
opportunity, and significant equity grants are more commonly used for talent attraction and retention than in Australia, and in many
instances these awards are not subject to performance conditions.
The continued expansion of Aristocrat’s digital business, which now contributes over half of Group revenue, reinforces the need for
Aristocrat’s remuneration structures to evolve and take into account global pay philosophies, particularly those in the technology
industry, while also being regionally appropriate.
The Board therefore continues to review the structure of Aristocrat’s incentive schemes to ensure they are globally competitive and
effective in retaining, attracting and motivating the leadership and talent it needs to drive business strategy and financial performance
in the interests of shareholders, while continuing to reflect our ‘pay for performance’ philosophy.
The world map below displays the location of Aristocrat’s employees, with the size of each circle illustrating the relative number
of employees based in that country.



                                                                                                      Finland


                                                       Canada                                                              Russia
                                                                      United Kingdom
                                                                                                                Ukraine
                                                                             Netherlands           Germany
                                                                                   France          Croatia
                       United States
                       of America                                                 Spain        Cyprus
                                                                                                              Israel
                                                                                                                                            Macau
                                                                                                                  India
                                              Mexico                                                                                            Philippines


Proportion of
headcount by country
Under 5%
Between 5-15%                                                                                                                         Australia
Between 15-25%
                                                        Argentina
Over 25%                                                                                                                                                         New Zealand




34 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

Remuneration Report Overview continued
Executive Remuneration Framework

 Our values




         It’s all about                             Talent                          Collective                         Good business
          the player                              unleashed                         brilliance                          Good citizen

 Our remuneration principles
                                     The following principles guide Aristocrat’s remuneration strategy and
                        ‘pay for performance’ philosophy, which are designed to attract, retain and motivate key talent.




     Alignment to shareholder interests and                         Reflect the                      Performance based – link rewards to
     sustainable shareholder returns                               markets we                        business results and strategy
                                                                 recruit from and
     Encourage behaviours consistent with                           need to be                       Robust governance with focus
     values and deliver good customer outcomes                    competitive in                     on risk management




 Executive remuneration structure

                                                                                               AT-RISK


          FIXED REMUNERATION                              SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE (STI)                       LONG-TERM INCENTIVE (LTI)
           Base salary, superannuation                   Reward for strong individual and Group             Reward for sustainable longer-term
               and other benefits                      performance during the Performance Period                  Group performance


                                                               Value determined by

  – Individual skills, performance, experience         Achievement of both annual financial and        – Relative TSR – 30% weighting
    and contribution to Aristocrat with                non-financial performance hurdles at a:         – Relevant EPS – 30% weighting
    reference to similar roles in global
                                                       – Group level
    competitors and companies within a                                                                 – Individual performance based vesting
    range of Aristocrat’s market capitalisation        – Business unit level                             condition – 40% weighting
  – Global geographic location                         – Individual level
  – Complex probity requirements by
    regulators also considered


                                                  How does it link with strategy & performance

  Provides competitive ongoing remuneration            – Supports annual delivery of key strategic     – Focuses on multi-year metrics that
  in recognition of day-to-day responsibilities          targets and to recognise and reward             support sustained shareholder value
  and accountabilities                                   individual performance                          creation
                                                       – Deferral into equity supports sustained       – Delivered in equity to align the interests
                                                         performance, retention and more closely         of executives and shareholders
                                                         aligns the interests of executives and
                                                         shareholders




                                                                                                                                                      35
Remuneration Report continued

Remuneration Report Overview continued
    Executive KMP Remuneration Mix
Total remuneration includes both a fixed component and an at-risk or performance-related component (comprising both short-term
and long-term incentives). The Board views the at-risk component as an essential driver of a high performance culture and one that
contributes to achievement of superior shareholder returns.
The following illustration shows the remuneration mix for the Executive KMP in FY2021. It has been modelled on the average of the
Executive KMP’s target opportunity (but excluding any one-off equity or bonuses, such as the Executive special equity award made to
Executive KMP to address material deficiencies in the competitiveness of our remuneration arrangements).
The Board aims to achieve a balance between fixed and performance-related components of remuneration. The actual remuneration
mix for the Executive KMP will vary depending on the level of performance achieved at a Group, business unit and individual level.

CEO
                  Fixed                       Cash STI           Deferred STI                                           LTI

                 22.4%                         12.35%              12.35%                                             52.9%


             Fixed: 22.4%                                                                        At-risk: 77.6%

                       Cash: 34.75%                                                                  Deferred equity: 65.25%



Other Executive KMP
                Fixed                                Cash STI      Deferred STI                                         LTI

               24.5%                                  12.0%              12.0%                                        51.5%


              Fixed: 24.5%                                                                        At-risk: 75.5%

                          Cash: 36.5%                                                                  Deferred equity: 63.5%




    Executive Remuneration Time Horizon
The following diagram provides an illustrative indication of how remuneration is typically (based on target opportunity) delivered to
the Executives.

Fixed remuneration



STI cash component (50%)



STI deferred equity component (25%)



STI deferred equity component (25%)



LTI



                   Year 1                                       Year 2                                Year 3                    Year 4

   Date granted           End of deferral/performance period             Eligible for vesting   Date paid




36 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

How Variable Remuneration is Structured
Short term incentive (STI) – how does it work?
This section summarises the terms of FY2021 STI program.

 Description              Executives have the opportunity to earn an annual incentive award which is delivered in cash and deferred
                          equity awards (in the form of PSRs). The STI Plan recognises and rewards short-term performance.
                          The STI Plan is considered to be at-risk remuneration and is not a guaranteed part of Executive
                          remuneration.

 STI opportunity          A target opportunity is set for each Executive, which is earned if Group and individual performance is on
                          target. The Board determines the total STI pool to be distributed.
                          Executives (other than the CEO) have a target STI of between 70% and 100% of fixed remuneration.
                          The CEO has a target STI of 110% of fixed remuneration. The maximum STI payout is capped at 200%
                          of a participant’s target STI opportunity.

 Gateway                  FCF Conversion remains a key metric, changing from a scaling performance condition to an overarching
 and financial            gateway condition.
 performance              NPATA now forms the basis of the Group financial performance condition. Scaling applies using a formula
 condition                which seeks to reward for outperformance, where achievement at 120% of target creates a 200% payout
                          and conversely, will ensure appropriate treatment where the Group financial performance condition
                          achieved is between 85% (Group Financial Performance Threshold) and 100%, resulting in a payout
                          between 50 to 100%.
                          No payment will be made in connection with the financial performance condition unless the
                          FCF Conversion gateway and Group Financial Performance Threshold is achieved.

 Setting stretch          The Board utilises the annual budget as the primary input to determine appropriate stretch financial
 targets                  targets. When approving the budget, the Board reviews the core principles and assumptions underpinning
                          the budget. In addition, the Board also considers expected market growth at the time of setting targets
                          with the expectation that management will outperform expected market growth (if any) and, in the
                          context of broadly flat markets and segments, that management will deliver growth through the gain of
                          market share.
                          Subsequent to the budget having been finalised, the Board determines the STI financial targets. In order
                          to ensure sufficient stretch is incorporated, consideration is given to both the quantifiable risks and
                          opportunities that can influence the Group’s financial performance. The Board considers significant items
                          in the context of target setting.

 Individual               No payment will be made in connection with the individual performance condition unless the Group
 performance              Financial Performance Threshold is achieved.
 condition                A ratings scale is used to assess individual performance. No payment is made for an Executive who has
                          not met or exceeded a minimum individual performance rating.
                          Executives are assessed on delivery against individual OKRs. Individual targets as set out in OKRs include
                          consideration as to role-related accountabilities and responsibilities in the context of business strategy and
                          objectives, as set out in Table 5.
                          Individuals have a clear line of sight to OKRs and are able to directly affect outcomes through their own
                          actions. Individuals are also assessed on behaviour metrics which contribute to that individual’s overall
                          performance rating.

 Reasons for              The Board considers that a combination of individual and financial performance conditions is appropriate
 these performance        as they are aligned with Aristocrat’s objectives of delivering sustainable growth and sustainable superior
 conditions               returns to shareholders. In the case of the FCF Conversion gateway, this measure was chosen as it ensures
                          cash flow discipline, which in turn allows Aristocrat to fund growth initiatives. In addition, Executives have a
                          clear line of sight to the targets and are able to affect results through their actions.
                          Performance measures and conditions are reviewed annually and are subject to change as considered
                          appropriate. The Board has discretion to review and amend the performance conditions during the
                          performance period (up or down) where significant unforeseen events have occurred which are outside the
                          control of management.




                                                                                                                                             37
Remuneration Report continued

How Variable Remuneration is Structured continued
Short term incentive (STI) – how does it work? continued
  How STI outcome                    The quantum of STI payment the Executive will receive is calculated as follows:
  is then determined
                                         STI outcomes
                                                                                         Financial          Individual
                                                                                       performance         performance


                                                Base
                                                salary
                                                          +          Target
                                                                   incentive
                                                                                 +         70%       + 30% =                     STI
                                                                                                                               outcome




                                          Targets and performance outcomes


                                                     FCF
                                                     conversion    Gateway


                                                                                     85%                   100%                   120%
                                                     Measures       Weighting      Threshold               Target                 Max




                                                     NPATA           70%             $m                    $m                     $m


                                                     Individual      30%             50%                  100%                   185%
                                                     performance

                                                                                Challenging year       Successful year       Exceptional year




                                     No payment is made unless the Group Financial Performance Threshold, being 85% of the STIP financial
                                     performance condition, is met.

  Who assesses                       NPATA and FCF Conversion results are calculated by Aristocrat as soon as practicable after the end of the
  performance?                       performance period. The calculations are considered by the Board to determine STI outcomes.
                                     The Board assesses the performance of the CEO and Managing Director against the performance conditions.
                                     The assessment process for the other Executives incorporates a formal review process conducted by
                                     the full Board. The process includes taking feedback from the People & Culture Committee, the CEO and
                                     Managing Director and the consideration at a concurrent meeting of the People & Culture Committee and
                                     Audit Committee in September 2021 to consider if there were any risk-based or other adjustments that
                                     may warrant consideration in the Board’s determination of remuneration outcomes.
                                     In addition to developing and approving the OKRs of the CEO and Managing Director, the Board has
                                     oversight and approves Executive OKRs at both the time of setting and assessing performance
                                     against OKRs.
                                     Special mitigating circumstances may be accepted, determined or approved on a case-by-case basis
                                     by the CEO and Managing Director, and subject to approval by the People and Culture Committee and
                                     the Board.
                                     The Board believes the abovementioned methods in assessing performance are an appropriate way to
                                     assess the performance of the Company and the Executive KMP’s individual contribution, and to determine
                                     their remuneration outcomes.




38 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

How Variable Remuneration is Structured continued
Short term incentive (STI) – how does it work? continued
 Deferral terms           If the STI outcome is between 50% and 100% of target STI, then half of the Executive’s STI outcome is delivered
                          in cash and the remaining half is deferred in the form of an equity award of PSRs, with these PSRs vesting as
                          follows:
                          – 50% after 12 months;
                          – 50% after 24 months.
                          Any individual who is internally promoted to an Executive role is subject to a deferral of 25% of his/her
                          STI outcome (as opposed to 50%) in his/her first year in the role. The Board has discretion to determine
                          the percentage which will be deferred as an equity award if the award is less or greater than target.
                          No additional performance conditions apply to vesting of the PSRs, with the exception of the continued
                          employment by the relevant Executive as described below.
                          The number of PSRs is calculated using the volume-weighted average price over the five trading days
                          immediately prior to and including the last day of the performance period.

 Eligibility for          An amount (based upon dividends paid by Aristocrat during the deferral period) accrues on the PSRs and
 dividends                is paid in cash at the end of the deferral period if the PSRs vest.

 Cessation of             If the Executive has ceased employment with the Company, and is a ‘good leaver’, then the unvested PSRs
 employment               will remain on foot and will vest in the ordinary course, unless the Board determines otherwise.
                          As a general rule, an Executive will not be deemed to be a ‘good leaver’ to the extent they are terminated for
                          cause or underperformance, breach their terms of employment contract or they resign from Aristocrat.
                          If the Executive has ceased employment with the Company and is not a ‘good leaver’, then all unvested
                          PSRs will automatically lapse on or around the date of cessation of employment with the Group, unless the
                          Board determines otherwise.

 Clawback                 In the event of a material misstatement of performance, or where vesting is not justified, appropriate or
                          supportable in the opinion of the Board, including if a participant joins a competitor, the Board has the
                          discretion to lapse unvested PSRs. The clawback policy that applies to vested incentives permits clawback of
                          any shares allocated on vesting of the PSRs, as well as cash payments received on vesting of PSRs or proceeds
                          from the sale of shares.

 Restrictions on          PSRs granted under the plan are not transferable and participants are prohibited from entering into hedging
 transfer or hedging      arrangements in respect of unvested PSRs



Long term incentive (LTI) – how does it work?
This section summarises the terms of LTI grants made in FY2021.

 Description              Under the LTI Plan, annual grants of PSRs are made to Executives to align remuneration outcomes with the
                          creation of sustainable shareholder value over the long term.
                          Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to participate in the LTI Plan.

 LTI opportunity          The number of PSRs to be granted to an Executive will be determined by calculating the Face Value of
                          Aristocrat’s shares and dividing the Executive’s LTI Opportunity by the Face Value and rounding to the nearest
                          whole figure. In determining the ‘LTI Opportunity’, the Board will take into account the nature of the position,
                          the context of the current market, the function and purpose of the long-term component and other relevant
                          information.

 Vesting conditions       Three vesting conditions apply to LTI grants made during FY2021:
                          – Relative TSR
                          – Relevant EPS
                          – Individual Performance Based Condition




                                                                                                                                             39
Remuneration Report continued

How Variable Remuneration is Structured continued
Long term incentive (LTI) – how does it work? continued
  Relative TSR                       Relative TSR performance is assessed over a three-year period which will commence at the start of the
  – 30% weighting                    financial year during which the PSRs are granted.
                                     For any PSRs to vest pursuant to the Relative TSR vesting condition, Aristocrat’s compound TSR must
                                     be equal to or greater than the median ranking of constituents of the Peer Comparator Group. The Peer
                                     Comparator Group, being constituents of the S&P/ ASX100 Index, is defined at the commencement of
                                     the performance period and provides a relative, objective, external market-based performance measure
                                     against those companies with which Aristocrat competes for capital, customers and talent.
                                     The percentage of PSRs that may vest is determined based on the following vesting schedule:
                                     Aristocrat’s TSR ranking relative                                                 PSRs subject to Relative TSR
                                     to Peer Comparator Group                                                       vesting condition that vests (%)

                                     Below the median ranking                                                                                   0%
                                     At the median ranking                                                                                     50%
                                     Above the median ranking but                                                       Between 50% and 100%
                                     below the 75th percentile                                                 increasing on a straight-line basis
                                     At or above the 75th percentile                                                                          100%

                                     The Board may adjust the TSR vesting conditions to ensure that an Executive is neither advantaged
                                     nor disadvantaged by matters outside of management’s control that affect achievement of the vesting
                                     conditions. The Board may also exercise its discretion to ensure that the TSR vesting conditions are
                                     adjusted to reflect sustainable growth outcomes aligned to the interests of shareholders.

  Relevant EPS                       The Relevant EPS vesting condition is measured by comparing Aristocrat’s CAGR over a three-year performance
  – 30% weighting                    period (1 October 2020 to 30 September 2023 in respect of LTI grants in FY2021) against the ‘minimum’
                                     EPS growth and the ‘maximum’ EPS growth thresholds, as set by the Board at the beginning of this performance
                                     period.
                                     Relevant EPS performance will be measured using the most recent financial year-end prior to the award
                                     as the base year, and the final financial year in the three-year performance period as the end year.
                                     The percentage of PSRs that may vest is determined based on the following vesting schedule:
                                                                                                                  PSRs subject to the Relevant EPS
                                     Aristocrat’s EPS performance                                                  vesting condition that vests (%)

                                     Less than the minimum EPS growth threshold                                                                0%
                                     Equal to the minimum EPS growth threshold                                                                50%
                                     Greater than the minimum EPS growth threshold                                      Between 50% and 100%
                                     up to the maximum EPS growth threshold                                    increasing on a straight line basis
                                     Greater than the maximum EPS growth threshold                                                           100%

                                     The Board may adjust the Relevant EPS vesting conditions to ensure that an executive is neither advantaged
                                     nor disadvantaged by matters outside of management’s control that affect achievement of the vesting
                                     conditions.
                                     As is our practice, the EPSA or EPS growth thresholds (as applicable) set by the Board for the performance
                                     period are disclosed in the Remuneration Report published in respect of the year in which the PSR vesting is
                                     tested.
                                     The 2019 LTI Grants had a Relevant EPSA target and accordingly, the Relevant EPSA target for the 2019 LTI
                                     Grants that vest in 2021 are disclosed in Table 3.

  Individual                         The individual performance-based element of the LTI Plan will vest subject to the participant having achieved
  Performance Based                  or exceeded against objective-balanced scorecard OKRs over the entire course of the three-year performance
  Condition                          period in addition to continuous service for the performance period (Individual Performance Based Condition).
  – 40% weighting                    Vesting of this tranche requires consistent and sustained individual performance for three years in a row – if
                                     OKRs are not met in any one year then the entire tranche is forfeited. There is no catch-up or retesting.
                                     The OKRs are aligned to supporting Aristocrat’s longer-term strategy and driving continued sustainable growth
                                     as well as other non-financial and ESG goals in line with Aristocrat’s ESG priorities including responsible
                                     gameplay and other sustainability initiatives.




40 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

How Variable Remuneration is Structured continued
Long term incentive (LTI) – how does it work? continued
 Individual            The vesting process for the Individual Performance Based Condition considered a range of performance
 Performance           indicators summarised below across a three-year performance period. Table 5 brings together how
 Based Condition       remuneration outcomes in FY2021 aligns with business strategy and Group performance and an equivalent
 – 40% weighting       scorecard is included in the FY2020 and FY2019 Remuneration Reports.
 continued
                       Business strategy & objectives        Measures
                       Sustainable Core Growth                – Various financial measures and metrics
                                                              – Market share measures
                                                              – Cyber security maturity
                                                              – Quality targets
                                                              – Risk management & Business Continuity Plan processes
                                                              – Health, Safety & Environment (including wellbeing) indicators
                       Growing in Adjacencies                 – Product portfolio optimisation
                                                              – Quality execution of new market opportunities (organic & inorganic)
                                                              – Transformation and integration projects
                       Innovating Experiences                 – Net promoter score targets
                                                              – Digital & Gaming collaboration
                                                              – Employee engagement / experience measure
                       Operational Excellence                 – Responsible gameplay leadership
                                                              – Diversity and inclusion metrics
                                                              – Talent retention and succession

 Why were these        Relative TSR
 vesting conditions    – Ensures alignment between comparative shareholder return and reward for the executive
 chosen?               – Provides relative, objective, external, market-based performance measure against those companies with
                         which Aristocrat competes for capital, customers and talent
                       – Is widely understood and accepted by key stakeholders
                       Relevant EPS
                       – Is a relevant indicator of increases in shareholder value
                       – Is a target that provides a suitable line of sight to encourage executive performance
                       Individual Performance Based Condition
                       – Importantly, this is a performance-based hurdle requiring that an Executive KMP meets or exceeds
                         against objective-balanced scorecard OKRs
                       – The objective-balanced scorecard OKRs are aligned to supporting Aristocrat’s longer-term strategy
                         and driving continued sustainable growth, as well as other non-financial and ESG goals in line with
                         Aristocrat’s ESG priorities including responsible gameplay and other sustainability initiatives
                       – This hurdle allows the Board to take into account the behaviours and conduct relating to risk
                         management in determining outcomes relating to this hurdle
                       – The balanced scorecard approach ensures that safeguards are in place to protect against the risk
                         of unintended and unjustified outcomes
                       – Aristocrat is one of a small group of ASX listed companies that derives the majority of its revenues from
                         overseas markets and is genuinely global in its structure and operations. Aristocrat’s senior leadership is
                         predominantly US based, and the business must increasingly attract and retain leaders in global markets
                         with technology and global management skillsets
                       – This hurdle supports our LTI Plan being competitive to global peers who have elements of service-based
                         vesting (restricted stock)
                       The Board is confident that it has the right arrangements in place to drive performance and retention in line with
                       shareholders’ interests.




                                                                                                                                            41
Remuneration Report continued

How Variable Remuneration is Structured continued
Long term incentive (LTI) – how does it work? continued
  Who assesses                       Relative TSR and Relevant EPS results are calculated by Aristocrat and an external remuneration advisor tests
  performance                        these TSR results as soon as practicable after the end of the relevant performance period. The calculations are
  and when?                          considered by the Board to determine vesting outcomes.
                                     In respect of the Individual Performance Based Condition, the following formal performance review process is
                                     conducted annually, although vesting of this tranche requires consistent and sustained individual performance
                                     for three years in a row:
                                     – The Board assesses performance of the CEO and Managing Director against the objective-balanced
                                        scorecard OKRs.
                                     – The assessment process for the other Executives incorporates a formal review process conducted by
                                        the full Board. The process includes taking feedback from the People & Culture Committee, the CEO and
                                        Managing Director and the consideration at a concurrent meeting of the People & Culture Committee and
                                        Audit Committee in September 2021 to consider if there were any risk-based or other adjustments that
                                        may warrant consideration in the Board’s determination of remuneration outcomes.
                                     The vesting conditions are therefore tested only at the end of the performance period. There is no re-testing
                                     of vesting conditions.
                                     The Board believes the abovementioned methods in assessing performance are an appropriate way to assess
                                     the performance of the Company and the Executive KMP’s individual contribution, and to determine their
                                     remuneration outcomes.

  Vesting                            If PSRs vest, the Board has discretion to issue new shares, acquire shares on-market or cash settle to satisfy
                                     the vestings.
                                     Shares allocated on vesting of the PSRs are subject to the terms of Aristocrat’s Share Trading Policy and carry
                                     full dividend and voting rights upon allocation.

  Are PSRs eligible                  Holders of LTI PSRs are not entitled to dividends until the PSRs have vested and converted into shares.
  for dividends?

  Cessation of                       If a participant ceases employment during the first 12 months of the three year performance period then,
  employment                         regardless of whether the participant is a good or bad leaver, all unvested PSRs lapse, unless the Board
                                     determines otherwise.
                                     If a participant ceases employment after the first 12 months of the performance period but before the end
                                     of the performance period:
                                     – the portion of unvested PSRs that are subject to the Individual Performance Based Condition will lapse
                                        (regardless of whether or not the participant is a ‘good leaver’), unless the Board determines otherwise;
                                     – if the participant is a ‘good leaver’, a pro-rata portion of unvested PSRs that are subject to financial
                                        performance hurdles will remain ‘on foot’ and will be tested in the ordinary course, unless the Board
                                        determines otherwise.
                                     If the participant is not a ‘good leaver’, then all of these unvested PSRs will automatically lapse on or around the
                                     date of cessation of employment, unless the Board determines otherwise.
                                     As a general rule, an Executive will not be deemed to be a ‘good leaver’ to the extent they are terminated for
                                     cause or underperformance, breach their terms of employment contract or they resign from Aristocrat.

  Clawback                           In the event of a material misstatement of performance, or where vesting is not justified, appropriate or
                                     supportable in the opinion of the Board, including if a participant joins a competitor, the Board has the discretion
                                     to lapse unvested PSRs. The clawback policy that applies to vested incentives permits clawback of any shares
                                     allocated on vesting of the PSRs, as well as cash payments received on vesting of PSRs or proceeds from the
                                     sale of shares.

  What happens                       There is no automatic vesting of PSRs on a change of control. The Board will (in its discretion) determine the
  in the event of a                  appropriate treatment regarding PSRs in the event of a change of control. Where the Board does not exercise
  change of control?                 this discretion, there will be a pro-rata vesting of PSRs based on the proportion of the performance period that
                                     has passed at the time of the change of control event.

  Restrictions on                    PSRs granted under the plan are not transferable and participants are prohibited from entering into hedging
  transfer or hedging                arrangements in respect of unvested PSRs.




42 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

How Variable Remuneration is Structured continued
Executive special equity awards – how does it work?
As disclosed last year, special equity grants were made in FY2021 to key Executives (Executive special equity award). The CEO and
Managing Director did not participate in the Executive special equity award.
This grant followed a Board-initiated review of Aristocrat’s global remuneration framework which highlighted that the executive
remuneration arrangements had become materially out of line with prevailing arrangements in Aristocrat’s key global talent markets,
particularly in terms of STI and LTI levels. This was of real concern to the Board in light of:
– the tightening global talent market (which has only intensified through FY2021); and
– Aristocrat’s competitors (and the US market in general) offering STI opportunities and LTI grants at a quantum of 2 to 3 times fixed
  remuneration, and in many instances these LTI awards comprise a part that is not subject to performance conditions.
In response, the Board took proactive steps to grant the Executive special equity award to address the competitiveness of our Executive
remuneration and live retention risks, in order to secure and motivate the executive team to lead Aristocrat through a period of
COVID-related disruption and medium-term growth strategy.
This section summarises the terms of the Executive special equity awards.

 Description                A one-off grant of PSRs was made to key Executives to address the competitiveness of Executive remuneration
                            and live retention risk, in order to secure and motivate the executive team to lead Aristocrat through a period of
                            COVID-related disruption and medium-term growth strategy.
                            This grant was intended to make our current remuneration levels more competitive and to make approaches
                            from competitors less attractive. It was designed to augment the current STI and LTI programs and not to be
                            a completely separate incentive. Accordingly, the balanced scorecard OKRs to be met prior to vesting of this
                            award and the LTI Individual Performance Based Condition were aligned, creating a strong link across both of
                            these incentives to achievement of our medium-term strategic goals.
                            The Executive special equity award has been effective in retaining all but one recipient of the award (who was
                            not a member of the Executive KMP).

 Performance                PSRs may vest progressively over three years (in equal sized tranches) with the first tranche available for testing
 Period                     after FY2021, the second tranche available for testing 24 months after the grant date relating to performance
                            over the course of FY2022, and the third tranche available for testing 36 months after the grant date relating to
                            performance over the course of FY2023.
                            The progressive vesting was considered appropriate to immediately (in the case of the first tranche) help
                            address the competitiveness of our Executive remuneration and then across the mid-term (for the second
                            and third tranches).

 What are the               Vesting of tranche 1 of the Executive special equity awards are subject to a broad range of performance
 vesting conditions         indicators embedded in the Executive’s FY2021 objective balanced scorecard OKRs (which also applies to
 and why were               our LTI program) and given that these OKRs are expected to position the business for sustainable growth
 these conditions           and business resilience over the longer term, these OKRs are robust strategic hurdles with sufficient stretch.
 chosen?                    Some of these performance indicators are set out on page 41. The Board also considers through these
                            measures whether there are any material reasons why vesting should not occur as expected (on an individual
                            or collective basis) and allows the Board to take into account the behaviours and conduct relating to risk
                            management in determining outcomes relating to this hurdle.
                            This process incorporates a formal performance review process conducted by the full Board reviewing
                            each eligible Executive. The process includes taking feedback from the People & Culture Committee,
                            the CEO and Managing Director (who is not participating in the Executive special equity award) and
                            the consideration at a concurrent meeting of the People & Culture Committee and Audit Committee
                            in September 2021 to consider if there were any risk-based or other adjustments that may warrant
                            consideration in the Board’s determination of remuneration outcomes.
                            These grants have been designed to complement Aristocrat’s executive remuneration framework and are
                            at all times subject to Board discretion to ensure that awards are appropriate in all the circumstances.
                            The Board is confident that these vesting conditions, in combination with the overall remuneration
                            framework, will drive performance and retention in line with shareholders’ interests and deliver sustainable
                            benefits and table 5 highlights the Company’s achievements, led by the executive team, in a period of
                            COVID-related disruption and how remuneration outcomes in FY2021 aligns with business strategy
                            and Group performance. Further information on vesting conditions (and outcomes) in connection with
                            tranches 2 and 3 will be disclosed in the Remuneration Report published in respect of the year in which the
                            vesting condition is tested.




                                                                                                                                                  43
Remuneration Report continued

How Variable Remuneration is Structured continued
Executive special equity awards – how does it work? continued
  Who assesses                       The Board assesses the performance of the Executive KMPs with special equity grants against the vesting
  performance                        conditions and determines the vesting outcomes. The vesting conditions are tested only at the end of the
  and when?                          performance period and there is no re-testing of vesting conditions. Any PSRs that do not vest following testing
                                     will lapse immediately.
                                     The Board believes the abovementioned method in assessing performance is an appropriate way to assess
                                     the performance of the Company and the Executive KMP’s individual contribution, and to determine their
                                     remuneration outcomes.

  Vesting                            If PSRs vest, the Board has discretion to issue new shares, acquire shares on-market or cash settle to
                                     satisfy the vestings.
                                     Shares allocated on vesting of the PSRs are subject to the terms of Aristocrat’s Share Trading Policy and
                                     carry full dividend and voting rights upon allocation.

  Are PSRs eligible                  These Executive special equity awards are granted pursuant to the LTI plan rules and accordingly, holders of
  for dividends?                     these PSRs are not entitled to dividends until the PSRs have vested and converted into shares.

  Cessation of                       These Executive special equity awards are granted pursuant to the LTI plan rules and accordingly, the
  employment,                        terms of the LTI summarised on page 42 applies.
  clawback, change
  of control and
  restrictions




44 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

Stretch Performance Targets and Remuneration Outcomes in FY2021
This section of the Remuneration Report provides detail on target setting by the Board (including how targets are determined to ensure
challenging stretch) and also discloses the outcome of awards made under:
– the 2021 STI grant (performance period 1 October 2020 – 30 September 2021)
– the 2019 LTI Grant (performance period 1 October 2018 – 30 September 2021)
– tranche 1 of the Executive special equity award (performance period 1 October 2020 – 30 September 2021)


   STI Grant Targets and Outcomes In 2021
2021 STI Grant Targets
The Board set STI targets at the beginning of FY2021 on the understanding that the targets and underlying assumptions would be reviewed
during the year due to the ongoing uncertainty resulting from COVID-19. The Board proactively considered and tested those underlying
assumptions and targets at half year, noting those assumptions that would create unintended STI outcomes, such as stronger than expected
consumer sentiment and economic conditions in the United States and ANZ region. This was balanced against the need for the Board to
acknowledge the Group’s strong performance in the first half of the year – in the Gaming business, exceptional product performance and
customer engagement drove profit growth while in the Digital business, above industry-average growth in bookings was delivered, translating
into revenue and profit growth – and the Board determined that it was appropriate to acknowledge but cap HY2021 outperformance.
Guided by Aristocrat’s remuneration framework and governance arrangements, the Board reset STI targets and assumptions for
the second half of the year. Even with these adjustments, the Group outperformed expectations. Performance highlights include:
– the achievement of an enhanced market-leading position in North American Gaming Operations, with a strong average fee per
  day performance, and sustained momentum across key Gaming Outright Sales markets globally;
– further growth in Digital, as the business maintained its position as a Top 5 mobile games publisher in tier 1 western markets
  and accounted for 7 games in the US top 100 at period end, across multiple genres;
– organic growth delivered in line with our strategy, off the back of continued strong investment in D&D and User Acquisition, to further
  strengthen and broaden our product portfolios and drive sustained, long-term growth; and
– maintenance of strong operating cash flows through prudent cost management and cash flow discipline, evidenced by the FCF
  conversion rate of 126%, which was 153% of target.
In addition, the performance of the participants was also assessed against individual OKRs. Individual targets as set out in OKRs
included consideration as to role-related accountabilities and responsibilities in the context of delivery against Aristocrat’s business
strategy and objectives, as set out in Table 5, as well as assessment against behaviour metrics.

Performance and STI Outcomes In FY2021
Executives received on average 181% of their STI target award (compared to the maximum target STI opportunity of 200%), supported
by achieving normalised NPATA of $864.7 million (in reported currency), which is an increase year on year of 81.4%.
– Strong normalised NPATA of $864.7 million ($929.8 million on a constant currency basis 2), which was 150% of target, was driven by
  management delivering growth with a strong product portfolio supporting the continued gain of market share across key markets,
  while continuing to pursue new organic and inorganic opportunities to support and drive both current and longer term performance.
– Strong FCF Conversion of 126% which was 153% of target, reflecting cash flow discipline and ability to fund growth initiatives.

Table 1 below discloses financial performance conditions set by the Board and actual performance against those targets

                                                             FCF Conversion gateway achieved

                   With the FCF Conversion gateway of 82% achieved, the STI outcome is calculated by reference to NPATA.

 Measure + Weighting                                                                             Target              Actual Performance          STI outcome

 FCF Conversion (Gateway)                                                                         82% 1                         125.8%      Gateway achieved
 NPATA (Financial Performance Condition)                                                     $619.6m                          $929.8m   2
                                                                                                                                                       200%


 FCF                    Gateway achieved
 conversion

 NPATA                  % of Financial Performance Condition awarded – 200%

                                                                                                                  Threshold      Target         Stretch
                                                                                                                    85%          100%         120% (max)

 1. FCF Conversion target is set annually based on the anticipated financial performance of the Group for the coming year.
 2. Constant currency basis as set out in the approved budget.



                                                                                                                                                               45
Remuneration Report continued

Stretch Performance Targets and Remuneration Outcomes continued
    LTI Grant Targets and Outcomes In 2021
The following three vesting conditions applied to the 2019 LTI Grant:
– a Relative TSR vesting condition (30% weighting);
– a Relevant EPSA vesting condition (30% weighting); and
– an Individual Performance Based Condition (40% weighting).
Challenging EPSA targets were set by the Board in connection with the 2019 LTI Grants:
– Targets were set in the context of broadly flat key markets and segments.
– Both organic and inorganic growth was taken into account by the Board in setting EPSA growth targets.

Table 2 below discloses the Relevant EPSA Targets for LTI Grants between FY2017 to FY2019
                                                                              Relevant EPSA
                     Threshold             Maximum                              Performance
Award year           Target                Target             Actual            Period                    Vesting Date                            Award Outcome
FY2019               10%                   15%                6.0%              FY19 – FY21               After 30 September 2021                 Not achieved
FY2018               10%                   15%                (4.0%)            FY18 – FY20               After 30 September 2020                 Not achieved
FY2017               10%                   15%                31.0%             FY17 – FY19               After 30 September 2019                 Achieved

Impact of Accounting Adjustments on Remuneration Outcomes
Normalised NPATA (not reported NPATA) is used for purposes of determining remuneration outcomes as normalised NPATA is reflective
of the actual underlying operational performance of the Group. Therefore, NPATA of $864.7m was used for purposes of testing the EPSA
growth outcome in connection with the 2019 LTI Grant and the testing of the outcome of the 2021 STI grant.
The impact of accounting adjustments as well as a reconciliation between normalised and reported NPATA is set out below:

Reconciliation Of Statutory Profit To NPATA
A$ million                                                                                                                                        2021              2020 1
Statutory profit as reported in the financial statements                                                                                          820.0           1,377.7
Amortisation of acquired intangibles (tax effected)                                                                                                99.1             119.5
Reported profit after tax before amortisation of acquired intangibles (Reported NPATA)                                                            919.1            1,497.2
Less net gain from significant items after tax                                                                                                    (54.4)          (1,020.6)
Normalised Profit After Tax before amortisation of acquired intangibles (Normalised NPATA)                                                        864.7             476.6

1. Includes the recognition of a ~$1 billion deferred tax asset aligned with the Group structure changes disclosed in the FY2020 Annual Report.


Significant Items
                                                                                                                                                    30 Sep 2021
A$ million                                                                                                                                Before tax          After tax
Contingent retention arrangements                                                                                                                 (32.3)            (28.2)
Big Fish onerous lease                                                                                                                            (48.6)            (37.2)
Recognition of deferred tax asset                                                                                                                    —              119.8
Net (loss)/gain from significant items                                                                                                            (80.9)             54.4

Significant items included in the Group’s reported result after tax:
Contingent retention arrangements:
The Group’s reported result after tax for the period includes an expense of $28.2 million relating to contingent retention arrangements
associated with the acquisition of Plarium. These arrangements will be fully expensed and complete in FY2022.
Big Fish onerous lease:
The Group’s reported result after tax for the period includes an expense of $37.2 million relating to an onerous lease for the Big Fish
Seattle premises, which was committed to by previous ownership.
Recognition of deferred tax asset:
The Group’s reported result after tax for the period includes a benefit of $119.8 million (~$1 billion in the prior period) relating to the
recognition of a deferred tax asset aligned with the Group structure changes disclosed in the FY2020 Annual Report.




46 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

Stretch Performance Targets and Remuneration Outcomes continued
2019 LTI Grant Targets, Performance and Vesting Outcomes
Table 3 below discloses the targets set by the Board, performance against those targets and outcome of the 2019 LTI Grants.

                      30 September 2021: three-year performance period ends for 2019 LTI Grants.
                       Performance is tested in November 2021 for Relative TSR and Relevant EPSA

                                                    Relative TSR (30% weighting)

     175


     150


     125


     100%


     75


     50

             Oct 18             Apr 19              Oct 19             Apr 20              Oct 20              Apr 21              Oct 21

                                                                                            Aristocrat       ASX 100 Accumulation Index

                                 93% of the PSRs linked to the Relative TSR measure vested
 With a TSR performance of 50.02%, Aristocrat was the 28th top performer (equivalent to 71.5th percentile) of its Peer Comparator Group.


                                                   Relevant EPSA (30% weighting)

 The Relevant EPSA component did not vest given that Aristocrat’s actual EPSA CAGR of 6.0% across the consecutive three-year
 performance period was below the threshold condition for vesting of 10%.
 Although this condition was not met, management delivered growth with a strong product portfolio supporting the continued gain
 of market share across key markets whilst continuing to pursue new organic and inorganic opportunities to support and drive both
 current and longer term performance across the business. All of this was delivered notwithstanding a number of significant COVID-
 related headwinds including the impact of extended lockdowns in major Australian markets, ongoing economic dislocation and
 operational constraints on gaming customers, supply chain disruptions and fierce competition for talent.
 1 Oct 2018                                  Threshold                   Maximum                           Actual               Relevant EPSA
 to 30 Sept 2021                           EPSA Target                 EPSA Target                       Outcome                 Achievement
 3 year CAGR                                      10%                           15%                         6.0%                             0%

                                 0% of the PSRs linked to the Relevant EPSA measure vested

                                  Individual Performance Based Condition (40% weighting)

 100% of PSRs linked to the Individual Performance Based Condition vested for those Executive KMP with 2019 LTI Grants, which
 requires the Executive KMP to achieve or exceed the required performance rating based on calibration against a set of objective
 balanced scorecard OKRs across a three-year performance period (2019-2021).
 These OKRs are aligned to supporting Aristocrat’s longer-term strategy and driving continued sustainable growth and as well as other
 non-financial and ESG goals in line with Aristocrat’s ESG priorities including responsible gameplay and other sustainability initiatives.
 The vesting process for the Individual Performance Based Condition considered a range of performance indicators summarised on page
 41 and are captured in table 5, which brings together how remuneration outcomes in FY2021 aligns with business strategy and Group
 performance and highlights the Company’s achievements, led by the executive team, in a period of COVID-related disruption.




                                                                                                                                                  47
Remuneration Report continued

Stretch Performance Targets and Remuneration Outcomes continued
    Executive Special Equity Awards Targets and Outcomes In 2021
Set out below are the outcomes of tranche 1 of the Executive special equity awards. The progressive vesting was considered appropriate
to immediately (in the case of the first tranche) help address the competitiveness of our Executive remuneration and then across the
mid-term (for the second and third tranches).
Further information on vesting conditions (and outcomes) in connection with tranches 2 and 3 will be disclosed in the Remuneration
Report published in respect of the year in which the vesting condition is tested.
The vesting process for tranche 1 of the Executive special equity awards considered a range of performance indicators as discussed
on page 43 and are captured in table 5, which brings together how remuneration outcomes in FY2021 aligns with business strategy and
Group performance.

Table 4 below discloses what was granted and has vested
                                                                                           Vesting outcomes of the first tranche
                                                                                           % of first tranche      Number of PSRs
Executive KMP                           Total number of PSRs granted                             that vested          that vested
T Croker                                01                                                              N/A                   N/A
J Cameron-Doe                           82,320                                                         100%                 27,440
M Bowen                                 98,784                                                         100%                 32,928
M Lang                                  65,856                                                         100%                 21,952
1. T Croker did not participate in the Executive special equity award.




48 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

Link to Business Strategy and Shareholder Interests
Table 5 below discloses remuneration outcomes in FY2021 and alignment to business strategy and Group performance.
 Business                                                                                                                                                 Directly affects
 strategy and    Are reflected in LTI and                                                                                                                  remuneration
 objectives…     STI performance measures…                       So, Aristocrat’s actual performance…                                                        outcomes
 Profitability   STI performance measure of NPATA:               EXCEEDED
 and financial   Measures profitability across the Group.        – NPATA increasing year-on-year by 81.4% to $864.7 million
 performance     STI performance measure of FCF                    (in reported currency)
                 Conversion: Measures free cash flow             – EBITDA up 43% to $1,542.9 million, with industry leading EBITDA
                 generated by the Group.                           margins maintained
                 LTI performance measure of Relative             – Achieved strong FCF Conversion of 126% (target 82%)
                 TSR: Measures the benefit delivered to          – TSR performance of 50.02% over the 2019 LTI Grant performance period,
                 shareholders over three years, including          28th in its Peer Comparator Group and ranked in the 71.5th percentile
                 dividend payments and movement in               – Strong Group balance sheet with available liquidity of approximately $2.7bn,
                 the share price over and above a market           which positions the business well for the future, including inorganic growth
                 benchmark.                                      – Gearing (Net Debt/EBITDA) of 0.5x, significantly ahead of prior year
                 LTI performance measure of Relevant               (FY2020: 1.4x)
                 EPSA: Measures profitability across the
                 Group on a per share basis.
 Growing         STI Individual performance rating and LTI       EXCEEDED
 adjacent        Individual Performance Based Condition:         – Approximately 28% of volume of units sold in the Americas derive from
 opportunities   Measures include increasing the size              adjacent market sources
                 of Aristocrat’s addressable markets             – Continued expansion into attractive adjacent markets, including
                 and generating revenue from adjacent              Video Lottery Terminal (VLT) Canada, VLT Illinois, Washington Central
                 opportunities.                                    Determinant System and the Multigame and Poker segments
                                                                 – Successful worldwide launch by Plarium of new Action P2P game
                                                                   Mech Arena: Robot Showdown™ in August 2021                                                 Executive
                                                                                                                                                           remuneration
                                                                 – Targeted M&A and investments to expand into mobile merge segments
                                                                   (Futureplay and Neskin), EGM repairs and maintenance (Amtek), hybrid
                                                                                                                                                            outcomes in
                                                                   casual genre (Northern Stars Studio), social casino genre (Playsoft)                    FY2021 were
                                                                                                                                                             as follows:
                                                                 – Targeted RMG entry through a recommended cash offer for Playtech plc
                                                                   (LSE: PTEC) (Playtech) announced after period end that, if completed,
                                                                   will result in Playtech being part of the Group
                                                                                                                                                               Total
 Sustainable     STI Individual performance rating and LTI       EXCEEDED                                                                                   LTI vesting
 core growth     Individual Performance Based Condition:         – Almost 80% of Group revenues now derive from recurring sources enhancing                 outcome in
                 Measures include growth in US Gaming              the business’ resilience                                                                  FY2021 =
                 Operations, sustainability of strong market     – In North America, growth in the Class II and Class III Premium installed base          46.5% of target
                 position in Australia and continued growth        and ANZ business sustained market-leading ship share                                    based on TSR
                 in profitability of the Digital business.
                                                                 – Digital revenues increased by 4.6% to $2,467 million (in reported currency)               and EPSA
                 Measures also include development,                and Digital profits increased by 10.6% to $804.1 million (in reported currency)         performance
                 retention and succession planning across all    – Continued diversity of earnings – the Digital business contributes 52%                    measures
                 management levels and for creative talent.        of Group revenue

 Risk            STI Individual performance rating and LTI       EXCEEDED
 management      Individual Performance Based Condition:
                                                                                                                                                             CEO STI
                                                                 – Continued evolution of Enterprise Risk Management Framework and risk                    outcome in
                 Measures include continuing to embed              governance processes and global refresh of the Business Resilience Framework
                 effective risk management and culture                                                                                                      FY2021 =
                                                                 – Sector average rating by Australian Council of Superannuation Investors                185% of target
                 throughout the organisation to support:           (ACSI) for ESG reporting
                 – achievement of business objectives            – Achievement of average cyber security maturity rating of 3.37 (FY2020: 2.3;
                 – corporate governance objectives                 FY2021 Target: 2.5)
                 – risk-based identification of ESG priorities   – Lost Time Incident Rate of 0.15%, well below Industry average of 0.9%                     Average
                    and opportunities.                           – Mandatory Responsible Gameplay and Compliance (including anti-bribery                   STI outcome
                                                                   and anti-corruption) training for all staff                                              in FY2021
                                                                                                                                                             for other
 Product         STI Individual performance rating and LTI       EXCEEDED                                                                                   Executive
 quality and     Individual Performance Based Condition:                                                                                                   KMP = 182%
                                                                 – Aristocrat was awarded the following at the Global Gaming Awards 2021:
 innovation,     Measures include product quality and                                                                                                        of target
                                                                   • Land-Based Industry Supplier of the Year
 great game      delivery, product innovation, great game          • Land-Based Product of the Year – In the Clear™
 content and     content and embedding customer centric
                 culture across the Group.                         • Slot of the Year – Buffalo Link™
 customer
 centric                                                         – Eilers-FANTINI October 2021 Survey:
 culture                                                           • Aristocrat Top Supplier Overall
                                                                   • Aristocrat had 18 of Top 25 Premium leased games (Dragon Link™,
                                                                      Cash Express Luxury Line™, Crazy Rich Asians™ and Lightning Link™)
                                                                 – Continued investment in talent and technology, with D&D investment
                                                                   remaining at market-leading levels at 11.1% of total revenue
                                                                 – Net Promoter Score (which indicates customer satisfaction) of 56, which is
                                                                   above Tech industry benchmark of 33
                                                                 – Quality metrics stable over FY2021, achieving 93.9% (FY2020: 92.4%; FY2019: 95%)

 Leadership      STI Individual performance rating and LTI       EXCEEDED
 Effectiveness   Individual Performance Based Condition:         – Group Employee Engagement Scores of 8.4, which is above Tech industry
 and high        Measures include development, retention and       benchmark of 8.1, with a 91% participation rate
 performing      succession planning across all management       – Continued Investment in talent and leadership bench strength through the
 People and      levels and for creative talent.                   Senior Executive Development Plan, the Aristocrat Leadership Academy and
 Culture         Measures also include attracting, developing      in-business development programs
                 and retaining gaming design talent.             – Certification as a ‘Great Place to Work’ for the first time in Australia and the US,
                                                                   and for the sixth time in India




                                                                                                                                                                           49
Remuneration Report continued

Link to Business Strategy and Shareholder Interests continued
Alignment between Remuneration and Group Performance
Numerous elements of Aristocrat’s remuneration strategy and framework are directly linked to Group performance.
The table below sets out information about movements in shareholder wealth for the financial years ended 30 September 2017 to 30
September 2021, highlighting alignment between Aristocrat’s remuneration strategy and framework and Group performance over the
past 5 years.
Further details about the Group’s performance over this period can be found in the Five-Year Summary contained in this Annual Report.

Table 6 Summary of movement in shareholder wealth
                                                                         12 months to            12 months to        12 months to     12 months to       12 months to
                                                                          30 Sep 2021             30 Sep 2020         30 Sep 2019      30 Sep 2018        30 Sep 2017 1
Share price as at financial year-end (A$)                                        46.76                 29.97                 30.60          28.44                21.00
Total dividends (cps)                                                              41.0                  10.0                  56.0          46.0                 34.0
Normalised EPS (fully diluted) / EPSA
(fully diluted) (cps) 2                                                    120/135.6               56.0/74.7         118.0/140.2       96.5/114.1             77.5/85.0
TSR (%)                                                                            57%                    (2%)                 10%           38%                   35%
STI Financial Performance Condition awarded (%)                                  200%                      0%                104%           130%                 172%
LTI (% vesting) based on Relative TSR and Relevant
EPSA performance measures                                                        46.5%                 47.9%                 100%           100%                 100%

1. The opening share price for the 12 months to 30 September 2017 was $15.81.
2. Excluding the effect of significant items which are not representative of the underlying operational performance of the Group.


Historical earnings performance NPATA (A$m), EBITA (A$m), and closing share price (A$)

                                                                                                                                                                $50.00
1,400
                                                                                                                                                     $46.76

1,200                                                                         1,346.9
                                                                                                                                                                $40.00
                                                                                                                                           1,277.4

1,000                                        1,129.3
                                                                                        $30.60
                                                                                                                                                                $30.00
                                                       $28.44
800                                                                                                                       $29.97
                                                                                        894.4                                                        864.7
           858.1
                   $21.00                                                                                        771.3
600                                                    729.6                                                                                                    $20.00


400                543.4
                                                                                                                          476.6
                                                                                                                                                                $10.00
200



0                                                                                                                                                                   0

             FY2017                              FY2018                           FY2019                            FY2020                    FY2021

                Normalised EBITA            Normalised NPATA            Share price as at Financial Year end




50 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

Remuneration Governance
Overview
The People and Culture Committee are responsible for developing, monitoring and assessing remuneration strategy, policies and
practices across the Group and endorses recommendations made by management for Board approval. It oversees the overall
remuneration governance framework approved by the Board.
The People and Culture Committee and Audit Committee met concurrently in September 2021 to consider if there were risk-based
or other adjustments that may warrant consideration in the Board’s determination of remuneration outcomes. No risk-based or
other adjustments to remuneration outcomes were recommended by the Committees in FY2021.
The following diagram represents Aristocrat’s remuneration decision-making structure.


                                                             Board
                                                Approve remuneration framework
                                         Final approval of targets, goals or funding pools

            People and Culture Committee                                                Audit Committee

       Oversee remuneration governance framework and                      Assesses and advises the People & Culture
      assist the Board to ensure the Group’s remuneration              Committee of any audit/risk matters of significance
        strategy and policy are appropriate and effective               which may warrant any risk-based adjustments
                                                                                    to incentive outcomes
             Executive KMP andNED remuneration
                 outcome recommendations



                        Management                                               Remuneration Advisors

        Proposals on executive remuneration outcomes                        May be engaged to provide external and
              Implementing remuneration policies                       independent remuneration advice and information




Details of the composition and responsibilities of the People and Culture Committee and Audit Committee are set out in the Corporate
Governance Statement (and can be found at www.aristocrat.com).

Use of Remuneration Advisors
In making recommendations to the Board, the People and Culture Committee seeks advice from external advisors from time to time to
assist in its deliberations.
If external advisors that are defined as “remuneration consultants” for the purposes of the Corporations Act are engaged, they
are engaged by the Chairperson of the People and Culture Committee within an agreed set of protocols to ensure there can be no
undue influence by Executive KMP to whom any recommendations may relate.
The People and Culture Committee did not seek or receive any remuneration recommendations, as that term is defined by the
Corporations Act, from remuneration consultants during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                       51
Remuneration Report continued

Non-Executive Director Remuneration
Details of the Non-Executive Directors of Aristocrat during the        Competitive fee levels have been a particular focus for the
Reporting Period are provided in the Directors’ Report.                Board due to its ongoing commitment to an orderly renewal and
                                                                       succession planning process.
Components and details of
                                                                       Aristocrat has increasingly transformed into a truly global business
Non-Executive Director Remuneration                                    with extensive scale, complexity and diversity, which has in turn
Non-Executive Directors receive a fixed fee (inclusive of
                                                                       significantly increased both Board and Committee workloads
superannuation and committee memberships) for services to
                                                                       and overseas travel expectations. In addition, developments in
the Board. The Chair of each committee receives an additional fee
                                                                       the corporate governance landscape are leading to increased
for that service.
                                                                       expectations and demands of Non-Executive Directors on
There were no increases in Board or Committee fees for the             ASX boards.
Reporting Period.
                                                                       Fees also reflect the regulatory requirements of the environment in
Securing and retaining talented, qualified                             which Aristocrat operates, which imposes considerable demands on
Non-Executive Directors                                                the Non-Executive Directors and their families who are required to
Non-Executive Director fee levels are set having regard to:            disclose detailed personal and financial information and submit to
                                                                       interviews, including in foreign jurisdictions.
          – The responsibilities, time commitments and workload
            expected                                                   Certain global companies pay a supplemental travel payment to
          – ASX market and direct industry peers                       non-resident Directors who are required to attend Board meetings
                                                                       away from their principal residential domicile, which Aristocrat
          – Being competitive across Aristocrat’s two major
                                                                       does not do. Non-Executive Directors are entitled to be reimbursed
            jurisdictions (US and Australia)
                                                                       for all reasonable business-related expenses, including travel, as
Preserving independence and impartiality                               may be incurred in the discharge of their duties.
          – Non-Executive Director remuneration consists of base       Aristocrat does not make sign-on payments to new
            (Director) fees and Committee fees                         Non-Executive Directors and the Board does not provide
          – No element of Non-Executive Director remuneration is       for retirement allowances for Non-Executive Directors.
            ‘at risk’ (i.e. fees are not based on the performance of
            the Group or individual Non-Executive Director)            Non-Executive Directors Minimum Shareholding Policy
                                                                       Non-Executive Directors are encouraged to hold Aristocrat
Aligning Director and security holder interests                        securities and the Board has endorsed a minimum shareholding
          – Directors are encouraged to hold Aristocrat securities     policy for Non-Executive Directors to hold 100% of the annual
            and the Board has endorsed a minimum shareholding          director base fee within five years commencing the later of
            policy for Non-Executive Directors                         November 2018 or date of appointment.
          – The Non-Executive Director Rights Plan has been            Non-Executive Directors have met or are on track to meet their
            launched, having received a class ruling from the          minimum shareholding requirement under the policy.
            Australian Taxation Office in respect of the financial
            years ending 2022, 2023 and 2024, and shareholder          Aggregate Fee Pool Approved by Shareholders
            approval obtained at the 2021 AGM
                                                                       Non-Executive Directors’ fees (including committee fees)
                                                                       are set by the Board within the maximum aggregate amount
                                                                       of A$3,200,000 per annum approved by shareholders at the
                                                                       AGM in February 2018.
                                                                       There was no change in FY2021 to fees of Non-Executive
                                                                       Directors, which remain at the levels set in April 2018. Those fees
                                                                       are set out in Table 7 below.
                                                                       The Chairman does not receive separate Committee fees.



Table 7 Non-Executive Director fees payable during the Reporting Period
Board fees per annum                                                         Amount (inclusive of all statutory superannuation obligations)
Chairman                                                                                                                      A$625,000
Non-Executive Director                                                                                         A$250,000 / US$220,000
Lead US Director                                                                                                   Additional US$40,000
Committee Chair (Audit, People & Culture)                                                              Additional A$45,000 / US$35,000
Committee Chair (Regulatory & Compliance)                                                              Additional A$35,000 / US$30,000
Committee member (per committee, capped at two committees per person)                                  Additional A$15,000 / US$10,000




52 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

Statutory Remuneration Tables and Data
Details of Executive KMP Remuneration
The following table reflects the accounting value of remuneration attributable to Executive KMP, derived from the various components
of their remuneration. This does not necessarily reflect actual amounts paid to Executive KMP due to the conditional nature (for example,
performance criteria) of some of these accrued amounts.
As required by the Accounting Standards, the table includes credits for PSRs with non-market conditions which were forfeited during the
year and the amortised value of PSRs that may vest or best available estimates attributable to PSRs which may be lapsed or forfeited in
future reporting periods.


    Over the past two years, in the context of challenging conditions, the Digital business has exceeded industry growth, with revenue
    growth of 47% (in local currency) between FY2019 to FY2021, and Mike Lang, as CEO Digital, has successfully driven leadership
    transitions across all three Digital business units, to set the businesses up for continued sustainable growth. This is critical with
    talent in the digital space increasingly in demand globally across a range of sectors. This year, in addition to his normal remuneration
    arrangements, the Board has decided to award a one-off cash bonus to Mike Lang in recognition of the achievements of the Digital
    business and his continued importance to the future of our Digital business. The details of this award are outlined further below.
    The total statutory remuneration for FY2021 is materially higher than in FY2020. This in part reflects the following:
    – the accounting expense of the Executive Special Equity award;
    – the award of FY2021 STI, noting that in FY2020 no STI was awarded; and
    – the Executive KMPs volunteered a 20% reduction, and the CEO and Managing Director volunteered a 30% reduction, in base
      salary during 1 May 2020 to 30 September 2020.
    Further, FY2021 remuneration outcomes are, as this report illustrates, reflective of the strong performance in FY2021 of the
    executive leadership team, who have led Aristocrat’s people and business effectively through a period of ongoing disruption,
    continuing to deliver organic growth in line with the Group’s growth strategy and in support of shareholder interests.




Table 8 Statutory Executive KMP remuneration table
                                                                                                  Long-
                                                                                                   term                       Share-based
                                                                                                                                                                                % of
                                    Short-term benefits                              PEB   4
                                                                                                benefits                       payments 6
                                                                                                                                                                             Share-
                                                               Non-                                  Long                                     Executive                       based
                                       Cash          Cash monetary        Super-                  service             STI             LTI       Special                    remuner-
                                      salary 1    bonuses 2 benefits 3 annuation                    leave 5          PSRs 7         PSRs 8       Equity           Total        ation 9
        Executive         Year             $            $          $           $                        $               $               $             $              $             %
T Croker                 2021     1,767,880      1,802,742                —                —              —       903,549      3,057,038                —     7,531,209         40.6%
                         2020     1,546,011              —            3,254                —              —       503,031      2,405,121                —     4,457,417         54.0%
J Cameron-Doe            2021       885,438        698,128                —                —              —       349,509      1,238,238       1,598,961      4,770,274         59.5%
                         2020       847,779              —           15,052                —              —       167,806        811,723               —      1,842,360         44.1%
M Bowen                  2021       827,617        812,180              510         25,625          53,726        382,158      1,594,284       1,918,753      5,614,853         62.6%
                         2020       593,750              —              787         25,000          35,969        144,541      1,102,180               —      1,902,227         57.9%
M Lang 10                2021     1,137,133      1,813,487 11              —               —              —       403,578      2,589,902 12 1,279,169         7,223,269         53.6%
                         2020       905,289              —                 —               —              —             —      1,849,980            —         2,755,269         67.1%
Total                    2021     4,618,068      5,126,537              510         25,625          53,726      2,038,794      8,479,462       4,796,883 25,139,605             52.8%
                         2020     3,892,829              —           19,093         25,000          35,969        815,378      6,169,004               — 10,957,273             56.3%

1. Amounts shown as cash salary and fees include annual leave entitlements and amounts sacrificed in lieu of other benefits at the discretion of the individual. To the extent that
   benefits are paid and subject to Fringe Benefits Tax (FBT), the above amount includes FBT. Executive KMPs based outside of Australia have their cash salary converted to AUD
   based on the monthly Group exchange rates. In FY2020, Executive KMPs volunteered a 20% reduction, and the CEO & Managing Director volunteered a 30% reduction, in base
   salary during 1 May 2020 to 30 September 2020.
2. Amounts reflect the non-deferred cash component of STI incentives and other bonuses.
3. Non-monetary benefits include insurance premiums (FY2021) and professional fees for tax advice (FY2020).
4. Post Employment Benefits (PEB).
5. The amounts provided for by the Group during the financial year in relation to accruals for long service leave.
6. In accordance with the requirements of the Australian Accounting Standards, remuneration includes a proportion of the fair value of equity compensation granted or outstanding
   during the year. The fair value of equity instruments which do not vest during the reporting period is determined as at the grant date and is progressively allocated over the vesting
   period. The amount included as remuneration is not related to or indicative of the benefit (if any) that individual Executive KMP may ultimately realise should the equity instruments
   vest. An independent accounting valuation for each tranche of PSRs at their respective grant dates has been performed by Deloitte. In undertaking the valuation of the PSRs, Deloitte
   has used a TSR model and an EPSA model. These models are further described in Note 5-2 of the Financial Statements.
    Details of awards granted in prior years, including applicable service and performance conditions, are summarised in prior Remuneration Reports corresponding
    to the reporting period in which the awards were granted.




                                                                                                                                                                                        53
Remuneration Report continued

Statutory Remuneration Tables and Data continued
Details of Executive KMP Remuneration continued
7. A component of STI awards payable to Executive KMPs will be satisfied by the grant of deferred share rights. Half will vest after one year, with the remainder vesting after
   two years, both subject to relevant forfeiture conditions. The accounting expense for STI share rights represents the expense attributable to the service period that has been
   completed for each deferred award. Therefore, the amounts reflected for FY2021 include the accounting accruals attributable to deferred share rights pursuant to the 2019
   and 2021 STI awards (there were no STI awards in 2020).
8. The share-based payments expense includes the impact of PSRs that were granted in previous years that are being expensed for accounting purposes over the vesting period,
   as well as the PSRs that were granted in the reporting period. Also includes best available estimates attributable to PSRs which may be lapsed or forfeited in future reporting
   periods. The sign-on award granted to M Lang during FY2020 upon his appointment as CEO Digital is included in the 2020 and 2021 calculations.
9. As a percentage of LTI PSRs and Executive Special Equity.
10. M Lang commenced with the Company on 18 November 2019.
11. This amount includes a one-off bonus of $847,732 paid to M Lang as outlined above, in addition to his FY2021 STI award. The one-off bonus was granted on 23 April 2021 as
    cash, in recognition of the achievements of the Digital business and his continued importance to the future of our Digital business.
12. This amount includes the impact of PSRs that were granted in previous years that have been expensed for accounting purposes over the relevant vesting period, as well as
    PSRs that were granted in the reporting period: (i) $753,130 attributable to FY2020 LTI award, (ii) $852,250 attributable to FY2021 LTI award, and (iii) $984,522 attributable to
    sign-on award.


Table 9 Details of 2021 STI outcomes (including deferred equity component)
                                                                                                                                                            Total              % of
                                                      Total               Cash             Deferred                No. of                No. of          award as              total
                                                     award 1           payment 2         component 3         PSRs vesting          PSRs vesting              % of            award
                                                         $                   $                    $            1 Oct 2022 3          1 Oct 2023 3       target STI         deferred
T Croker                                        3,605,484            1,802,742             1,802,742                19,487                19,488             185%                  50%
J Cameron-Doe                                   1,396,256              698,128               698,128                 7,546                 7,547             170%                  50%
M Bowen                                         1,624,360              812,180               812,180                 8,779                 8,780             191%                  50%
M Lang                                          1,931,510              965,755               965,755                10,439                10,440             185%                  50%

1. Amounts reflect the value of the total 2021 STI awards. See footnotes 2 and 3 for an explanation of the cash and deferred components of the total award.
2. Amounts reflect the cash component of the 2021 STI award to be paid. Amounts in USD are translated at the reporting date rate.
3. Amounts reflect the value of 2021 STI awards deferred into PSRs. Part of the deferred component of awards will vest on 1 October 2022 and the remainder on 1 October
   2023. The number of PSRs is determined using the five day VWAP up to and including 30 September 2021, being $46.25. Amounts in USD are translated at the FX rate on the
   grant date.


Table 10 Details of PSRs granted to Executive KMP, including their related parties, during the Reporting Period
Performance rights were granted during the Reporting Period as follows:

                                                        Deferred STI PSRs                          Executive Special Equity                                  LTI PSRs
                                                      Rights         Value of grant                  Rights         Value of grant    3
                                                                                                                                                    Rights          Value of grant 5
                                                     granted 1                    $                 granted 2                    $                 granted 2,4                   $
T Croker                                                     —                      —                     —                      —                137,905                4,511,912
J Cameron-Doe                                                —                      —                82,320              2,602,273                 59,759                1,955,173
M Bowen                                                      —                      —                98,784              3,122,727                 55,976                1,831,403
M Lang                                                       —                      —                65,856              2,081,818                 78,146                2,556,749

1. As the Executive KMPs did not receive any 2020 STI awards, there was no deferred STI PSRs granted during the reporting period.
2. The rights that were vested or forfeited during the Reporting Period are set out in Table 11.
3. The fair value of rights granted are $32.09 (tranche 1), $31.61 (tranche 2), and $31.14 (tranche 3). The values shown in the above table represent the maximum value
   of the grants made. The minimum value is zero.
4. The number of rights granted calculated based on the Face Value, as further explained on page 39. Long-term PSRs have a three-year performance period.
5. All PSRs were granted on 16 April 2021. The fair value of the rights are $25.78 for rights with a total shareholder return condition and $35.69 for rights with an Individual
   Performance Based Condition and EPS condition. The values shown in the above table represent the maximum value of the grants made. The minimum value is zero.




54 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

Statutory Remuneration Tables and Data continued
Details of Executive KMP Remuneration continued
Table 11 Details of the movement in numbers of PSRs during the Reporting Period
                                                Balance at        Granted during Short-term PSRs Long-term PSRs                             Lapsed/               Balance at
                                           1 October 2020              the year 1         vested 2,3     vested 3,4                        forfeited      30 September 2021
T Croker                                           445,111                137,905               (30,496)                (93,751)            (42,632)                  416,137
J Cameron-Doe                                      125,901                142,079                (8,917)                (14,488)             (6,589)                  237,986
M Bowen                                            137,628                154,760                (8,010)                 (9,023)             (4,102)                  271,253
M Lang                                             109,828                144,002               (18,586)                      —                   —                   235,244
1. The value of the PSRs granted to Executive KMP during the year (including the aggregate value of PSRs granted) is set out in Table 10. No options were granted during the
   year to any Executive KMP. Trevor Croker’s grant of 137,905 PSRs under the Long Term Incentive Plan was approved at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company on 26
   February 2021, and this approval was for all purposes, including ASX Listing Rule 10.14. Further information about the Long Term Incentive Plan can be found on pages 39 to 42.
2. PSRs with performance periods of less than three years.
3. The value of each PSR on the date of vesting is the closing price of the Company’s shares on the ASX on the preceding trading day. As shares are immediately allocated upon
   the vesting of PSRs, there will be no instances where PSRs are vested and exercisable, or vested but not yet exercisable. Upon vesting of PSRs, no price is payable and the
   exercise price is nil.
4. PSRs with three year performance periods.


Service Agreements
The remuneration and other terms of employment for the Executive KMP are formalised in service agreements, which have no specified
term. Each of these agreements provide for performance-related bonuses under the STI program, and participation, where eligible, in the
LTI Plan. Other key provisions of the service agreements of the Executive KMP are as follows:

Table 12 Service agreements
                                                  Notice to be                Notice to be                                                                  Post-employment
                                                  given by Executive          given by Group 1             Termination payment                              restraint
T Croker                                          6 months                    12 months                    12 months (fixed remuneration)                   12 months
J Cameron-Doe                                     6 months                    6 months                     12 months (fixed remuneration)                   12 months
M Bowen                                           6 months                    6 months                     6 months (fixed remuneration)                    12 months
M Lang                                            6 months                    6 months                     12 months (fixed remuneration)                   12 months
1. Payments may be made in lieu of notice period.


Details of Non-Executive Director Remuneration
Table 13 Details of Non-Executive Director remuneration for the Reporting Period
                                                                   Short-term                                                            Share based
                                                                    benefits                Post-employment benefits                      payments
                                                                   Cash salary                                    Retirement                  Options
                                                                     and fees 1 Superannuation 2                   benefits 3                and PSRs                     Total
Non-Executive Directors                           Year                       $                $                            $                        $                        $
N Chatfield                                       2021                   599,375               25,625                         —                       —              625,000
                                                  2020                   548,250               25,000                         —                       —              573,250
K Conlon                                          2021                   310,000                    —                         —                       —              310,000
                                                  2020                   271,667               12,500                         —                       —              284,167
P Etienne                                         2021                   254,886               25,114                         —                       —              280,000
                                                  2020                   228,961               24,667                         —                       —              253,628
P Ramsey                                          2021                   387,849                      —                       —                       —              387,849
                                                  2020                   391,234                      —                       —                       —              391,234
S Summers Couder                                  2021                   320,979                      —                       —                       —              320,979
                                                  2020                   324,343                      —                       —                       —              324,343
A Tansey                                          2021                   287,837               22,163                         —                       —              310,000
                                                  2020                   266,243               17,923                         —                       —              284,166
Total                                             2021               2,160,926                 72,902                         —                       —            2,233,828
                                                  2020               2,030,698                 80,090                         —                       —            2,110,788

1. Amounts shown as cash salary and fees include amounts sacrificed in lieu of other benefits at the discretion of the individual. To the extent that any non-monetary benefits are
   subject to Fringe Benefits Tax (FBT), amounts shown include FBT. In FY2020, Non-Executive Directors accepted a 20% reduction in their fees from 1 May 2020 to 30 September
   2020. There were no increases in Board or Committee fees for the Reporting Period.
2. Superannuation contributions include amounts required to satisfy the Group’s obligations under applicable Superannuation Guarantee legislation.
3. Non-Executive Directors are not entitled to any retirement benefit.




                                                                                                                                                                                  55
Remuneration Report continued

Shareholdings and other Transactions
Movement in Shares
The tables below detail movements during the year in the number of ordinary shares held by KMP, their close family members, and
entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by KMP or their close family members.
No amounts are unpaid on any of the shares issued.

Table 14 Details of Non-Executive Director shareholdings
                                                                           Non-Executive Directors
                                                                                                      Balance as at                                             Balance as at
                                                                                                    1 October 2020 Purchased/ Transferred                  30 September 2021
N Chatfield                                                                                                  18,000                               —                       18,000
K Conlon                                                                                                     10,514                               —                       10,514
P Etienne                                                                                                     5,943                               —                        5,943
P Ramsey                                                                                                     19,360                               —                       19,360
S Summers Couder                                                                                             10,650                               —                       10,650
A Tansey                                                                                                      4,570                               —                        4,570

Table 15 Details of Executive KMP shareholdings
The table below excludes any unvested PSRs under the STI Plan, the LTI Plan and Executive special equity award.

                                                               Executive Director and other Executive KMP
                                                                       Balance as at              Shares allocated           Other net changes                  Balance as at
                                                                     1 October 2020              upon PSR vesting               during the year            30 September 2021
T Croker                                                                     367,103                         79,327 1                             —                     446,430
J Cameron-Doe                                                                  9,445                         17,805 2                             —                      27,250
M Bowen                                                                            —                         17,033                               —                      17,033
M Lang                                                                             —                         10,243 3                             —                      10,243
1. Although 124,247 PSRs vested, 44,920 of the vested PSRs were sold by the third party plan administrator for the purposes of satisfying US withholding tax liabilities on vesting
   of PSRs.
2. Although 23,405 PSRs vested, 5,600 of the vested PSRs were sold by the third party plan administrator for the purposes of satisfying US withholding tax liabilities on vesting of
   PSRs.
3. Although 18,586 PSRs vested, 8,343 of the vested PSRs were sold by the third party plan administrator for the purposes of satisfying UK withholding tax liabilities on vesting of
   PSRs.


Disclosures under Listing Rule 4.10.22
A total of 1,490,693 securities were acquired on-market by the Aristocrat Employee Equity Trust during the Reporting Period
(at an average price per security of $36.82) to satisfy Aristocrat’s obligations under various equity and related plans.

Share Trading Policy
Aristocrat’s share trading policy prohibits the use of Derivatives (as defined in the policy) in relation to unvested equity instruments,
including PSRs and vested securities which are subject to disposal restrictions. Derivatives may be used in relation to vested positions
which are not subject to disposal restrictions, subject to compliance with the other provisions of the share trading policy.
Executives are strictly prohibited from entering into a margin loan or similar funding arrangements to acquire Aristocrat’s securities and
from using Aristocrat securities as security for a margin loan or similar funding arrangements.
Breaches of Aristocrat’s share trading policy are regarded very seriously and may lead to disciplinary action being taken
(including termination of employment).

Loans or Other Transactions with KMP
No KMP or their related parties held any loans from the Group during or at the end of the year ended 30 September 2021 or prior year.
Apart from the details disclosed in this Report, there were no transactions between KMP (or their related parties) and the Company
or any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.




56 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Report continued

Glossary
2019 LTI Grant             Awards made under the LTI Plan during FY2019 with a three-year performance period from 1 October 2018 to
                           30 September 2021

Aristocrat or Company      Aristocrat Leisure Limited and (where applicable) the Group

CAGR                       Compound Annual Growth Rate

Corporations Act           Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)

EBIT                       Earnings before interest and tax, on a normalised basis excluding significant items as disclosed in the Operating
                           and Financial Review section of the Annual Report

EBITA                      Earnings before interest, taxes and amortisation of acquired intangibles, on a normalised basis excluding
                           significant items as disclosed in the Operating and Financial Review section of the Annual Report

EPS                        Fully diluted EPS disclosed in the Operating and Financial Review section of the Annual Report

EPSA                       Fully diluted EPS before amortisation of acquired intangibles disclosed in the Operating and Financial Review
                           section of the Annual Report

Executive KMP              Those KMP who were also part of Aristocrat’s Executive Steering Committee during the Reporting Period, being
                           (i) T Croker (CEO and Managing Director), (ii) J Cameron-Doe (Chief Financial Officer), (iii) M Bowen (CEO Gaming
                           and Chief Transformation Officer) and (iv) M Lang (CEO Digital)

Executive special equity   One-off grant of PSRs to selected Executives. Executive KMP that participated in the Executive special equity
award                      award during the Reporting Period were: (i) J Cameron-Doe (Chief Financial Officer), (ii) M Bowen (CEO Gaming
                           and Chief Transformation Officer) and (iii) M Lang (CEO Digital)

Executives                 The group of executives consisting of: (i) the Executive KMP, and (ii) other members of Aristocrat’s Executive
                           Steering Committee (details of which can be found on www.aristocrat.com)

Face Value                 The volume-weighted average price of Aristocrat shares for the 5 trading days up to and including the day before
                           the start of the performance period

FCF Conversion             Target based on free cash flow as a percentage of NPATA

Group                      Aristocrat Leisure Limited and its related bodies corporate

Group Financial            The minimum threshold required to receive payment under the STI Plan (being 85% of the Group STI financial
Performance Threshold      performance condition as described on page 37)

KMP                        Persons who, directly or indirectly, have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
                           activities of Aristocrat and the Group during the Reporting Period

LTI Plan                   Aristocrat’s long-term incentive plan

Normalised EPS             Fully diluted earnings per share, normalised for significant items as disclosed in the Operating and Financial
                           Review section of the Annual Report

NPATA                      Net profit after tax before amortisation of acquired intangibles, normalised for significant items as disclosed in
                           the Operating and Financial Review section of the Annual Report

OKRs                       Organisational Key Results

Peer Comparator Group      Constituents of the S&P/ASX100 Index, defined at the commencement of the performance period

PSR                        Performance Share Right, with each right entitling the holder to receive one fully-paid ordinary share in Aristocrat
                           on vesting (or if the Board determines, an equivalent cash payment). Vesting of PSRs may be subject to vesting
                           conditions and performance hurdles

Relative TSR               Aristocrat’s compounded TSR measured against the ranking of constituents of the Peer Comparator Group

Relevant EPS               EPS over the performance period compared to a target set by the Board at the commencement of the
                           performance period

Relevant EPSA              EPSA over the performance period compared to a target set by the Board at the commencement of the
                           performance period

Reporting Period           12 months period ended 30 September 2021

STI Plan                   Aristocrat’s short-term incentive plan

TSR                        Total shareholder return measures the percentage growth in the share price together with the value of dividends
                           received during the relevant three year performance period, assuming all dividends are reinvested into new
                           securities




                                                                                                                                                57
Auditor’s Independence Declaration




               Auditor’s Independence Declaration
               As lead auditor for the audit of Aristocrat Leisure Limited for the year ended 30 September 2021, I
               declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

               (a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
               Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                   relation to the audit; and
               As lead
               (b)     auditor for the of
                   no contraventions   audit
                                          anyof Aristocratcode
                                              applicable   Leisure Limited forconduct
                                                               of professional the yearin
                                                                                        ended   30 September
                                                                                          relation to the audit.2021, I
               declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
               This declaration is in respect of Aristocrat Leisure Limited and the entities it controlled during the
               period.
               (a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                    relation to the audit; and
               (b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
               This declaration is in respect of Aristocrat Leisure Limited and the entities it controlled during the
               period.

                Mark Dow                                                                                       Sydney
                Partner                                                                               18 November 2021
                PricewaterhouseCoopers


                Mark Dow                                                                                       Sydney
                Partner                                                                               18 November 2021
                PricewaterhouseCoopers




                 PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                 One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
                 T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                 Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
                 T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                 PricewaterhouseCoopers,
                 Liability limited by               ABN
                                      a scheme approved   52 780
                                                        under      433 757
                                                              Professional Standards Legislation.
                 One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
                 T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                 Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
                 T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au

                  Liability
58 Aristocrat Leisure       limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                      Limited | Annual Report 2021
Nevada Regulatory Disclosure Information Statement

The Nevada Gaming Commission has requested that the following be brought to the attention of shareholders.

Summary of the Nevada Gaming Regulations                                Any beneficial owner of a Registered Corporation’s voting
The manufacture, sale and distribution of gaming devices, internet      securities (in the case of the Company its ordinary shares),
and mobile gaming, and cashless wagering systems for use or             regardless of the number of voting securities owned, may be
play in Nevada and the operation of slot machine routes and inter-      required to file an application, be investigated, and have their
casino linked systems are subject to:                                   suitability as a beneficial owner of the Registered Corporation’s
                                                                        voting securities determined if the Nevada Commission has
i. the Nevada Gaming Control Act and the regulations
                                                                        reason to believe that such ownership would otherwise be
   promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Nevada Act”);
                                                                        inconsistent with the declared policies of the state of Nevada.
ii. and various local ordinances and regulations.                       The applicant must pay all costs of investigation incurred by the
Gaming and manufacturing and distribution operations in                 Nevada Gaming Authorities in conducting any such investigation.
Nevada are subject to the licensing and regulatory control              The Nevada Act requires any person who acquires a beneficial
of the Nevada Gaming Commission (“Nevada Commission”),                  ownership of more than 5% of a Registered Corporation’s voting
the Nevada Gaming Control Board (“Nevada Board”) and various            securities to report the acquisition to the Nevada Commission.
other county and city regulatory agencies, collectively referred        The Nevada Act requires that beneficial owners of more than 10%
to as the “Nevada Gaming Authorities”.                                  of a Registered Corporation’s voting securities apply to the Nevada
                                                                        Commission for a finding of suitability within thirty days after the
Nevada Regulatory Disclosure                                            Chairman of the Nevada Board mails the written notice requiring
The laws, regulations and supervisory procedures of the Nevada          such filing.
Gaming Authorities are based upon declarations of public policy
which are concerned with, among other things:                           Under certain circumstances, an “institutional investor”, as defined
                                                                        in the Nevada Act, which acquires the beneficial ownership
i. the prevention of unsavory or unsuitable persons from having
                                                                        of more than 10%, but not more than 25% of a Registered
   a direct or indirect involvement with gaming, manufacturing or
                                                                        Corporation’s voting securities may apply to the Nevada
   distributing activities at any time or in any capacity;
                                                                        Commission for a waiver of such finding of suitability if such
ii. the establishment and maintenance of responsible accounting         institutional investor holds the voting securities for investment
    practices and procedures;                                           purposes only. An institutional investor that has been granted a
iii. the maintenance of effective controls over the financial           waiver by the Nevada Commission may beneficially own more
     practices of licensees, including the establishment of minimum     than 25%, but not more than 29%, of the voting securities of a
     procedures for internal fiscal affairs and the safeguarding        Registered Corporation, only if such additional ownership results
     of assets and revenues, providing reliable record keeping          from a stock repurchase program conducted by a Registered
     and requiring the filing of periodic reports with the Nevada       Corporation, and upon the condition that such institutional investor
     Gaming Authorities;                                                does not purchase or otherwise acquire any additional voting
iv. the prevention of cheating and fraudulent practices; and            securities of the Registered Corporation that would result in an
                                                                        increase in the institutional investor’s ownership percentage.
v. providing a source of state and local revenues through taxation
   and licensing fees.                                                  Further, an institutional investor that is subject to NRS 463.643(4)
                                                                        as a result of its beneficial ownership of voting securities of a
Aristocrat Leisure Limited (“the Company”) is registered with           Registered Corporation and that has not been granted a waiver
the Nevada Commission as a publicly traded corporation (a               by the Commission, may beneficially own more than 10%, but
“Registered Corporation”) and has been found suitable to directly       not more than 11%, of the voting securities of such Registered
or indirectly own the stock of five subsidiaries. Two subsidiaries      Corporation, only if such additional ownership results from a stock
(collectively, the “Operating Subsidiaries”), have been licensed as     repurchase program conducted by the Registered Corporation,
manufacturers and distributors of gaming devices and Internet           upon the condition that such institutional investor does not
Gaming System (“IGS”) Service Providers, with one also having           purchase or otherwise acquire any additional voting securities of
been licensed as an operator of a slot machine route.                   the Registered Corporation that would result in an increase in the
A manufacturer’s and distributor’s license permits the                  institutional investor’s ownership percentage. Unless otherwise
manufacturing, sale and distribution of gaming devices and              notified by the chairman, such an institutional investor is not
cashless wagering systems for use or play in Nevada or for              required to apply to the commission for a finding of suitability
distribution outside of Nevada. A license as an operator of a slot      but shall be subject to reporting requirements as prescribed by
machine route permits the placement and operation of gaming             the chairman.
devices upon the business premises of other licensees on a              The applicant is required to pay all costs of investigation incurred
participation basis and also permits the operation of inter-casino      by the Nevada Gaming Authorities.
linked systems consisting of gaming devices only. The IGS Service
Provider license allows the provision of certain services of internet   NRS 463.643 (6-8) also requires that each person who, individually
gaming to licensed Internet Operators.                                  or in association with others, acquires or holds, directly or
                                                                        indirectly, the beneficial ownership of any amount of any class of
If it were determined that the Nevada Act was violated by the           voting securities of a publicly traded corporation registered with
Company or the Operating Subsidiaries, the registration of the          the Commission or each plan sponsor of a pension or employee
Company and the licenses of the Operating Subsidiaries could be         benefit plan that acquires or holds any amount of any class of
limited, conditioned, suspended or revoked, subject to compliance       voting securities in such a publicly traded corporation, and who
with certain statutory and regulatory procedures. In addition, the      has the intent to engage in any proscribed activity shall:
Company, the Operating Subsidiaries and the persons involved
could be subject to substantial fines for each separate violation       a. Within 2 days after possession of such intent, notify the
of the Nevada Act at the discretion of the Nevada Commission.              Chair of the Board in the manner prescribed by the Chair;



                                                                                                                                           59
Nevada Regulatory Disclosure Information Statement continued

b. Apply to the Commission for a finding of suitability within 30        The Nevada Commission may, in its discretion, require the
   days after notifying the Chair pursuant to paragraph (a); and         holder of any debt security of a Registered Corporation to file
c. Deposit with the Board the sum of money required by the               applications, be investigated and be found suitable to own the debt
   Board pursuant to subsection 8.                                       security of a Registered Corporation. If the Nevada Commission
                                                                         determines that a person is unsuitable to own such security, then
Except as otherwise provided by the Commission, a person who             pursuant to the Nevada Act, the Registered Corporation can be
has beneficial ownership of less than 10 percent of each class of        sanctioned, including the loss of its approvals, if after it receives
voting securities of a publicly traded corporation registered with the   notice that a person is unsuitable to be the holder of the debt
Commission, acquired or held by the person through a pension or          securities of the Registered Corporation and without the prior
employee benefit plan, or the plan sponsor of a pension or employee      approval of the Nevada Commission, it:
benefit plan that has ownership of less than 10 percent of each
class of voting securities of such a publicly traded corporation, need   i. pays to the unsuitable person any dividend, interest, or any
not notify the Commission, apply for a finding of suitability with the      distribution whatsoever;
Commission or deposit the required sum of money with the Board           ii. recognises any voting right by such unsuitable person in
pursuant to subsection 6 before engaging in any proscribed activity.         connection with such securities;
Any person required by the Commission to be found suitable               iii. pays the unsuitable person remuneration in any form; or
shall apply for a finding of suitability within 30 days after the        iv. makes any payment to the unsuitable person by way of
Commission requests that the person do so; and together with                 principal, redemption, conversion, exchange, liquidation, or
the application, deposit with the Board a sum of money which, in             similar transaction.
the opinion of the Board, will be adequate to pay the anticipated
                                                                         A Registered Corporation may not make a public offering of its
costs and charges incurred in the investigation and processing of
                                                                         securities without the prior approval of the Nevada Commission
the application, and deposit such additional sums as are required
                                                                         if the securities or proceeds therefrom are intended to be used
by the Board to pay final costs and charges.
                                                                         to construct, acquire or finance gaming facilities in Nevada, or to
“Proscribed activity” is defined as:                                     retire or extend obligations incurred for such purposes. On June 21,
i. An activity that necessitates a change or amendment to the            2001, the Nevada Commission granted the Company prior approval
   corporate charter, bylaws, management, policies or operation          to make public offerings for a period of two years subject to certain
   of a publicly traded corporation that is registered with the          conditions (“Shelf Approval”). This approval has been extended
   Commission;                                                           and remains in place today. However, the Shelf Approval may be
                                                                         rescinded for good cause without prior notice upon the issuance of
ii. An activity that materially influences or affects the affairs
                                                                         an interlocutory stop order by the Chair of the Nevada Board.
    of a publicly traded corporation that is registered with the
    Commission; or                                                       The Shelf Approval does not constitute a finding, recommendation
iii. Any other activity determined by the Commission to be               or approval by the Nevada Commission or the Nevada Board as
     inconsistent with holding voting securities for investment          to the accuracy or adequacy of the prospectus or the investment
     purposes only.                                                      merits of the securities offered. Any representation to the contrary
                                                                         is unlawful. An application to renew the Shelf Approval (which can
(Added to NRS by 2019, 1274, effective January 1, 2020)                  only be issued for a maximum term of three years) will be lodged
The Nevada Act provides that any person who fails or refuses             with the Commission when required.
to apply for a finding of suitability or a license within thirty days    Other Regulatory requirements – Other Gaming Authorities
after being ordered to do so by the Nevada Commission or the             throughout the world may require any person who acquires
Chair of the Nevada Board, may be found unsuitable. The same             a beneficial ownership of more than 5% of a Registered
restrictions apply to a record holder (in the case of the Company        Corporation’s voting securities to report the acquisition to the
a registered holder) if the record owner, after request, fails to        Gaming Authority and in some cases, apply to the Gaming
identify the beneficial owner.                                           Authority for a waiver of the requirement to be found suitable or
Any person found unsuitable and who holds, directly or indirectly,       apply for a finding of suitability within thirty days of acquiring more
any of the voting securities of a Registered Corporation beyond          than 5% of the Registered Corporation’s voting securities. The
such period of time as may be prescribed by the Nevada                   applicant is subject to the same rules as in Nevada in relation to
Commission may be guilty of a criminal offence under Nevada              an unsuitable finding. The applicant is required to pay all costs of
law. A Registered Corporation can be sanctioned, including the           investigation incurred by the Gaming Authorities.
loss of its approvals if, after it receives notice that a person         A copy of the Nevada Act is available on request from:
is unsuitable to be the holder of the voting securities of the
Registered Corporation or to have any other relationship with the        The Secretary, Aristocrat Leisure Limited
Registered Corporation, it:                                              Building A, Pinnacle Office Park,
                                                                         85 Epping Road,
i. pays that person any dividend or interest upon its voting
                                                                         North Ryde NSW 2113
   securities,
                                                                         Australia
ii. allows that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting
                                                                         Telephone: +61 2 9013 6000
    right conferred through securities held by that person,
                                                                         www.aristocrat.com/contact
iii. pays remuneration in any form to that person for services
     rendered or otherwise, or
iv. fails to pursue all lawful efforts to require such unsuitable
    person to relinquish his voting securities including, if
    necessary, the immediate purchase of said voting securities
    for cash at fair market value.



60 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
5 Year Summary
                                                                                 12 months to        12 months to        12 months to       12 months to        12 months to
A$’m (except where indicated)                                                     30 Sep 2021         30 Sep 2020         30 Sep 2019        30 Sep 2018         30 Sep 2017

Profit or loss items
Revenue 1                                                                              4,736.6             4,139.1             4,397.4            3,583.8             2,453.8
EBITDA 2                                                                               1,542.9             1,078.9             1,596.8            1,328.6             1,001.2
Depreciation and amortisation                                                           (394.2)             (462.5)             (434.3)            (355.6)             (220.0)
EBIT 2                                                                                 1,148.7               616.4             1,162.5               973.0              781.2
Net interest expense 2                                                                  (131.9)             (140.7)             (124.0)             (105.4)             (53.1)
Profit before income tax expense 2                                                     1,016.8               475.7             1,038.5               867.6              728.1
Income tax expense 2                                                                    (251.2)             (118.6)             (285.7)             (250.7)            (233.0)
Profit after income tax expense 2                                                         765.6              357.1               752.8               616.9              495.1
Significant items after tax                                                                54.4            1,020.6               (54.0)              (74.3)                —
Reported net profit                                                                       820.0            1,377.7               698.8               542.6              495.1
Add back: Amortisation of acquired intangibles after tax                                   99.1              119.5               141.6               112.7               48.3
Less: Significant items after tax                                                         (54.4)          (1,020.6)               54.0                74.3                 —
Profit after tax and before amortisation of acquired
intangibles and significant items (NPATA) 2                                               864.7              476.6               894.4               729.6              543.4
Total dividend paid                                                                       159.4              217.1               312.4               249.0              185.2

Balance sheet items
Contributed equity                                                                       715.1               715.1               715.1              715.1               715.1
Reserves                                                                                 (58.5)             (121.6)                2.6              (23.5)             (116.8)
Retained earnings                                                                      3,222.3             2,561.7             1,425.9            1,040.9               747.3
Total equity                                                                           3,878.9             3,155.2             2,143.6            1,732.5             1,345.6
Cash and cash equivalents                                                              2,431.6             1,675.7               568.6              428.1               547.1
Other current asset                                                                      867.1               840.3             1,164.6              924.0               647.9
Property, plant and equipment                                                            325.4               353.2               431.2              389.3               241.3
Intangible assets                                                                      3,527.7             3,567.6             4,008.3            3,898.8             1,687.7
Other non-current assets                                                               1,520.2             1,415.3               164.3              206.6               168.9
Total assets                                                                           8,672.0             7,852.1             6,337.0            5,846.8             3,292.9
Current payables and other liabilities                                                 1,004.7               791.5               856.3              821.1               460.0
Current borrowings                                                                         7.0                 7.0                  —                  —                  0.1
Current tax liabilities and provisions                                                   187.6               247.0               185.1              196.4               193.0
Non-current borrowings                                                                 3,229.1             3,236.2             2,792.3            2,881.1             1,199.3
Non-current provisions                                                                    44.6                24.3                30.4               13.8                13.8
Other non-current liabilities                                                            320.1               390.9               329.3              201.9                81.1
Total liabilities                                                                      4,793.1             4,696.9             4,193.4            4,114.3             1,947.3
Net assets                                                                             3,878.9             3,155.2             2,143.6            1,732.5             1,345.6

Other information
Employees at year end                                               Number              7,000                6,000               6,400              6,100              3,640
Return on Aristocrat shareholders’ equity 2                         %                    19.7                 11.3                35.1               35.6               36.8
Basic earnings per share 2                                          Cents               120.1                 56.0               118.1               96.7               77.7
Net tangible assets/(liabilities) per share                         $                    0.30                (0.93)              (2.92)             (3.39)             (0.54)
Total dividends per share - ordinary                                Cents                41.0                 10.0                56.0               46.0               34.0
Dividend payout ratio 2                                             %                      34                   18                  47                 48                 44
Issued shares at year end                                           ‘000              638,544             638,544             638,544            638,544             638,544
Net debt 3                                                          $’m                 804.5              1,567.5             2,223.7            2,453.0              652.3
Net (debt)/equity                                                   %                   (20.7)               (49.7)             (103.7)            (141.6)             (48.5)
1. Revenue as per segment results.
2. Before the impact of significant items that are not representative of the underlying operational performance of the Group. The non-IFRS information presented above has not
   been audited in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards.
3. Current and non-current borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents.
Amounts are restated for the impact of new Accounting Standards if the accounting standard required comparatives to be changed.




                                                                                                                                                                                 61
Financial Statements

Contents
Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income    63
Balance sheet                                                 64
Statement of changes in equity                                65
Cash flow statement                                           66


Notes to the financial statements                             68
1 Business performance                                        68
1.1     Segment performance                                   68
1.2     Revenues                                              69
1.3     Expenses                                              71
1.4     Taxes                                                 73
1.5     Earnings per share                                    76
1.6     Dividends                                             76

2 Operating assets and liabilities                            77
2.1     Trade and other receivables                           77
2.2     Inventories                                           78
2.3     Intangible assets                                     79
2.4     Property, plant and equipment                         82
2.5     Leases                                                83
2.6     Trade and other payables                              84
2.7     Provisions                                            85

3 Capital and financial structure                             86
3.1     Borrowings                                            86
3.2     Other financial assets and financial liabilities      87
3.3     Reserves and retained earnings                        89
3.4     Contributed equity                                    90
3.5     Net tangible assets/(liabilities) per share           90
3.6     Capital and financial risk management                 90
3.7     Net debt reconciliation                               95

4 Group structure                                             96
4.1     Subsidiaries                                          96
4.2     Business combinations                                 96

5 Employee benefits                                           97
5.1     Key management personnel                              97
5.2     Share-based payments                                  97

6 Other disclosures                                          101
6.1     Commitments and contingencies                        101
6.2     Events occurring after reporting date                101
6.3     Remuneration of auditors                             102
6.4     Related parties                                      102
6.5     Parent entity financial information                  102
6.6     Deed of cross guarantee                              103
6.7     Basis of preparation                                 105

Directors’ declaration                                       107




62 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Statement of Profit or Loss & Other Comprehensive Income
for the year ended 30 September 2021




                                                                                                             2021             2020
Consolidated                                                                              Notes               $’m              $’m
Revenue                                                                                       1-2         4,736.6          4,139.1
Cost of revenue                                                                                          (2,276.2)        (2,182.7)
Gross profit                                                                                              2,460.4          1,956.4

Other income                                                                                  1-2             6.9             27.5
Design and development costs                                                                               (527.6)          (497.9)
Sales and marketing costs                                                                                  (213.7)          (291.1)
General and administration costs                                                              1-3          (652.3)          (684.1)
Finance costs                                                                                              (137.8)          (151.2)
Profit before income tax                                                                                    935.9            359.6
Income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                  1-4          (115.9)         1,018.1
Profit for the year                                                                                         820.0          1,377.7

Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations                                      3-3            15.9           (128.4)
Net investment in foreign operations                                                          3-3             0.8             17.3
Changes in fair value of interest rate hedge                                                  3-3            23.6             (8.0)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                                                   40.3           (119.1)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                     860.3          1,258.6

Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company                                   Cents            Cents
Basic earnings per share                                                                      1-5           128.6            216.0
Diluted earnings per share                                                                    1-5           128.5            216.0

The above statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                  63
Balance Sheet
as at year ended 30 September 2021




                                                                                                                              Restated
                                                                                                                 2021            2020
Consolidated                                                                                  Notes               $’m              $’m

Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    2,431.6           1,675.7
Trade and other receivables                                                                     2-1            686.3             628.8
Inventories                                                                                     2-2            159.2             160.2
Other financial assets                                                                          3-2              7.0               7.1
Current tax assets                                                                                              14.6              44.2
Total current assets                                                                                         3,298.7           2,516.0

Non-current assets
Trade and other receivables                                                                     2-1            171.0             120.2
Other financial assets                                                                          3-2             11.2               7.9
Property, plant and equipment                                                                   2-4            325.4             353.2
Right-of-use assets                                                                             2-5            159.2             178.3
Intangible assets                                                                               2-3          3,527.7           3,567.6
Deferred tax assets                                                                             1-4          1,178.8           1,108.9
Total non-current assets                                                                                     5,373.3           5,336.1
Total assets                                                                                                 8,672.0           7,852.1

Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                        2-6            838.5             646.7
Borrowings                                                                                      3-1              7.0               7.0
Lease liabilities                                                                               2-5             50.1              43.3
Current tax liabilities                                                                                        141.4             193.2
Provisions                                                                                      2-7             46.2              53.8
Other financial liabilities                                                                     3-2              3.9               2.0
Deferred revenue                                                                                               112.2              99.5
Total current liabilities                                                                                    1,199.3           1,045.5

Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                        2-6             23.9              55.3
Borrowings                                                                                      3-1          3,229.1           3,236.2
Lease liabilities                                                                               2-5            238.8             232.7
Provisions                                                                                      2-7             44.6              24.3
Other financial liabilities                                                                     3-2             31.6              61.7
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        1-4             12.4              27.9
Deferred revenue                                                                                                 9.5               9.3
Other liabilities                                                                                                3.9               4.0
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                3,593.8           3,651.4
Total liabilities                                                                                            4,793.1           4,696.9
Net assets                                                                                                   3,878.9           3,155.2

Equity
Contributed equity                                                                              3-4            715.1             715.1
Reserves                                                                                        3-3            (58.5)           (121.6)
Retained earnings                                                                               3-3          3,222.3           2,561.7
Total equity                                                                                                 3,878.9           3,155.2

The comparative information has been restated to be consistent with the current year presentation due to a change in accounting policy.
Refer to Note 6-7 for further information.
The above balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




64 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended 30 September 2021




                                                                                        Contributed               Retained      Total
                                                                                             equity   Reserves    earnings     equity
Consolidated                                                                    Note            $’m        $’m         $’m       $’m
Reported balance at 1 October 2019                                                           715.1         2.6     1,425.9    2,143.6
Adjustment from change in accounting policy                                       6-7           —           —        (24.8)     (24.8)
Adjusted balance at 1 October 2019                                                           715.1         2.6     1,401.1    2,118.8
Profit for the year ended 30 September 2020                                                     —           —      1,377.7    1,377.7
Other comprehensive loss                                                                        —       (119.1)         —      (119.1)

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                                   —      (119.1)    1,377.7    1,258.6

Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
Net movement in share-based payments reserve                                      3-3            —        (5.1)         —       (5.1)
Dividends provided for and paid                                                                  —          —       (217.1)   (217.1)
                                                                                                 —        (5.1)     (217.1)   (222.2)

Balance at 30 September 2020                                                                 715.1      (121.6)    2,561.7    3,155.2


Balance at 1 October 2020                                                                    715.1      (121.6)    2,561.7    3,155.2
Profit for the year ended 30 September 2021                                                     —           —        820.0      820.0
Other comprehensive income                                                                      —         40.3          —        40.3
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                          —        40.3      820.0      860.3

Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
Net movement in share-based payments reserve                                      3-3            —        22.8          —       22.8
Dividends provided for and paid*                                                  1-6            —          —       (159.4)   (159.4)
                                                                                                 —        22.8      (159.4)   (136.6)

Balance at 30 September 2021                                                                 715.1       (58.5)    3,222.3    3,878.9

*Payment of dividends relates to the 2020 final dividend and 2021 interim dividend.

The above statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                    65
Cash Flow Statement
for the year ended 30 September 2021




                                                                                                       Restated
                                                                                              2021        2020
Consolidated                                                                                   $’m          $’m

Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts from customers                                                                     4,787.9     4,362.5
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                        (3,117.6)   (3,167.0)
Other income                                                                                    1.0        16.6
Interest received                                                                               4.7         6.1
Interest paid                                                                                (129.3)     (143.5)
Income tax paid                                                                              (218.3)      (56.1)
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                  1,328.4      1,018.6

Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries and businesses (net of cash acquired)               (78.5)          —
Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                  (173.2)      (196.1)
Payments for intangibles                                                                     (54.5)       (47.4)
Payments for investments                                                                      (4.2)          —
Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                  (310.4)      (243.5)

Cash flows from financing activities
Payments for shares acquired by the employee share trust                                     (54.9)       (40.4)
Repayments of borrowings                                                                      (6.7)      (217.7)
Proceeds from borrowings (net of transaction costs)                                             —         869.3
Lease principal payments                                                                     (36.3)       (36.6)
Dividends paid                                                                              (159.4)      (217.1)
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from financing activities                                         (257.3)      357.5

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                    760.7      1,132.6
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                     1,675.7        568.6
Effects of exchange rate changes                                                              (4.8)       (25.5)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                           2,431.6      1,675.7

The above cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




66 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Cash Flow Statement continued
for the year ended 30 September 2021




                                                                                                                            Restated
                                                                                                               2021            2020
Consolidated                                                                                                    $’m              $’m

Reconciliation of net operating cash flows
Profit for the year                                                                                          820.0           1,377.7

Non-cash items
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                394.2             462.5
Equity-settled share-based payments                                                                           66.2              34.4
Loss on sale and impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangibles and right-of-use assets             46.9              41.6
Net foreign currency exchange differences                                                                     39.5             (31.6)
Non-cash borrowing costs amortisation                                                                          8.5               6.4

Change in operating assets and liabilities:
(Increase)/decrease in assets (adjusted for acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses)
– Receivables and deferred revenue                                                                            (87.5)           295.6
– Inventories                                                                                                   2.1             13.7
– Other operating assets                                                                                      (19.1)           (41.6)
– Tax balances                                                                                               (106.4)        (1,090.9)

Increase/(decrease) in liabilities (adjusted for acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses)
– Payables                                                                                                   142.7             (44.3)
– Provisions                                                                                                  21.3              (4.9)
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                   1,328.4          1,018.6

Depreciation and amortisation
The depreciation and amortisation amount above includes amortisation of $19.8m (2020: $23.4m) that is classified as contra-revenue in
the profit and loss.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and at bank.




                                                                                                                                    67
Notes to the Financial Statements

1. Business performance
     This section provides the information that is most relevant to understanding the financial performance of the Group during the financial
     year. During the reporting period, the Group has continued to navigate volatility in the global operating environment as a result of the
     COVID-19 pandemic. Details on the primary operating assets used and liabilities incurred to support the Group’s operating activities are
     set out in Section 2 while the Group’s financing activities are outlined in Section 3.
     1.1   Segment performance
     1.2   Revenues
     1.3   Expenses
     1.4   Taxes
     1.5   Earnings per share
     1.6   Dividends


1.1 Segment performance
a.    Identification of reportable segments
The activities of the entities in the Group are predominantly within a single business which is the development, assembly, sale,
distribution and service of games and systems.
Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the chief operating decision maker. Reports
reviewed consider the business primarily from a geographical perspective. The following reportable segments have been identified:
– The Americas;
– Australia and New Zealand;
– International Class III; and
– Digital.

b. Segment results
Segment results represent earnings before interest and tax, and before significant items, design and development expenditure,
amortisation of acquired intangibles, selected intercompany charges and corporate costs.
Segment revenues and expenses are those that are directly attributable to a segment and the relevant portion that can be allocated to
the segment on a reasonable basis.
Segment revenues, expenses and results exclude transfers between segments. The revenue from external parties reported to the chief
operating decision maker is measured in a manner consistent with that in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                                                                         Australia and      International
                                                      The Americas       New Zealand           Class III          Digital           Consolidated
                                                           $’m               $’m                 $’m               $’m                  $’m
                                                              Restated           Restated                                                  Restated
                                                       2021      2020    2021       2020    2021     2020      2021         2020    2021      2020

Revenue
Segment revenue from external customers              1,824.9 1,367.6     399.8     280.6    44.9     131.4 2,467.0 2,359.5 4,736.6 4,139.1

Results
Segment results                                       972.6     517.3    152.0      58.9     (9.4)    34.3    804.1     726.9 1,919.3 1,337.4
– Interest revenue                                                                                                                5.9     8.4
– Interest expense                                                                                                             (137.8) (151.2)
– Design and development costs                                                                                                 (527.6) (497.9)
– Amortisation of acquired intangibles                                                                                         (128.7) (154.9)
– Expenses from significant items                                                                                               (80.9) (133.0)
– Other expenses                                                                                                               (115.3) (68.3)
– Sundry income                                                                                                                   1.0    19.1
Profit before income tax                                                                                                            935.9    359.6
Income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                                                       (115.9) 1,018.1
Profit for the year                                                                                                                820.0 1,377.7

Other segment information
Non-current assets other than financial              1,903.1 1,932.5     171.7     161.3    40.6      51.6 2,067.9 2,073.9 4,183.3 4,219.3
and deferred tax assets
Depreciation and amortisation expense                 158.0     194.0     35.0      32.9    22.9      19.8     29.8         37.5   245.7     284.2



68 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1. Business performance continued
1.1 Segment performance continued
Expenses from significant items include onerous lease expenses relating to the Big Fish Seattle premises of $48.6m and contingent
retention payments related to the acquisition of Plarium of $32.3m.
The amortisation of acquired intangibles amounting to $128.7m (2020: $154.9m) does not form part of segment results. The
depreciation and amortisation amount above excludes amortisation of $19.8m (2020: $23.4m) that is classified as contra-revenue in the
segment results.

1.2 Revenues
                                                                                                                 2021               2020
Revenue from contracts with customers disaggregated by business:                                                  $’m                $’m
Gaming operations                                                                                             1,315.7            930.8
Class III outright sales and other gaming revenue                                                               953.9            848.8
Digital                                                                                                       2,467.0          2,359.5
Total revenue                                                                                                 4,736.6          4,139.1

Gaming operations revenue is derived from contracts with customers in the Americas reporting segment, while Class III outright sales
and other revenue is derived from contracts with customers across the Americas, Australia and New Zealand, and International Class III
reporting segments.

                                                                                                                 2021               2020
Other income                                                                                                      $’m                $’m
Interest                                                                                                          5.9                8.4
Sundry income                                                                                                     1.0               19.1
Total other income                                                                                                6.9               27.5

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. Sundry income in 2020 includes a total of $19.0m in government
grants and assistance received as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This income is recognised in the period that the grants and
assistance relate to. No Jobkeeper was received in 2021 (2020: $16.2m).

Recognition and measurement for contracts with customers
Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Amounts disclosed as revenue are net of consideration
paid to customers, returns, trade allowances, settlement discounts and duties and taxes paid.




                                                                                                                                       69
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1. Business performance continued
1.2 Revenues continued
 Revenue                                             Revenue recognition methods
 by business             Revenue stream              and payment timing                Description of revenue recognition

 Gaming                  Participation               Over time recognition, with       Participation revenue represents variable consideration that
 operations              revenue from                payments received monthly         is recognised over time based upon the turnover or net win
                         lease contracts                                               of the participating machine.

                         Fixed fee lease             Over time recognition, with       Operating leases rental income is recognised on a straight
                         income                      payments received monthly         line basis over the term of the lease contract. Rental income
                                                                                       is calculated by multiplying a daily fee by the total number
                                                                                       of days the machine has been operating on the venue floor.
                                                                                       Selling profit on finance leases is recognised in accordance
                                                                                       with machine sales. Finance income is recognised based on
                                                                                       a constant periodic rate of return on the remaining balance
                                                                                       of the finance lease investment.

 Class III               Machine sales               Point in time recognition,        When control of the goods has transferred, usually upon
 outright sales                                      with payments received over       delivery of goods to the customer.
 and other                                           various terms depending on
 revenue                                             negotiations with customers

                         Licence income              Point in time and over time       When all obligations in accordance with the agreement have
                                                     recognition, with payment         been met, which may be at the time of sale or over the life of
                                                     received either upfront or on a   the agreement.
                                                     monthly basis

                         Systems                     Point in time and over time.      Systems hardware and software is recognised when
                         contracts                   Payment terms include in          control has transferred, usually upon delivery of goods to
                                                     advance as well as other          the customer. Revenue from the installation of the system
                                                     terms as negotiated with          is recognised over time as the performance obligation is
                                                     customers                         satisfied.

                         Service revenue             Over time recognition, with       Recognised evenly over the period of the service agreement
                                                     payments usually received         or as services are performed. Revenue received in advance
                                                     monthly or in advance             on prepaid service contracts is included in deferred revenue.

                         Multiple                    Point in time and over time       The transaction price for multiple element arrangements
                         element                     recognition depending on the      is allocated to each performance obligation based on the
                         arrangements                component, with payments          proportion of their stand-alone selling prices. Stand-alone
                                                     received over various terms       selling prices are determined based on the current market
                                                     depending on negotiations         price of each of the performance obligations when sold
                                                     with customers                    separately. Where there is a discount on the arrangement,
                                                                                       such discounts are allocated proportionally between the
                                                                                       performance obligations. Revenue is then recognised for
                                                                                       each performance obligation as control passes to the
                                                                                       customer. Multiple element arrangements may include
                                                                                       revenue from outright sales, gaming operations and
                                                                                       systems contracts.

 Digital                 Digital revenue             Point in time and over time       Revenue is recognised when credits purchased by
                                                     recognition, with payments        customers are consumed, or if the items purchased with
                                                     usually received monthly          credits are available to the player for the entire time that
                                                                                       they play the game, the average player life. Amounts relating
                                                                                       to credits not used at year end are included in deferred
                                                                                       revenue. Statistical analysis is used to determine the
                                                                                       average consumption periods of credits within games based
                                                                                       on historical information such as repurchase intervals.




70 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1. Business performance continued
1.2 Revenues continued
Note 2-1 shows the assets relating to contracts with customers under trade receivables. The balance sheet shows liabilities from
contracts with customers as deferred revenue, with the current amount of $112.2m (2020: $99.5m) expected to be recognised as
revenue in the next 12 months and $9.5m ($9.3m) expected to be recognised in the 2023 and 2024 years. Deferred revenue relates to
performance obligations that are not satisfied at the end of the reporting period. Within other receivables, amounts totalling $69.6m
(2020: $24.4m) relate to payments made to customers for entering sales contracts. These payments are amortised as contra-revenue
over the period of the agreement.
Changes in transaction price only impact a small portion of the revenues generated by the Group, usually in connection with multiple
element arrangements. For contracts with variable consideration, the Group uses an expected value to estimate the amount of revenue
that should be recognised, based on historical and forecast information. The amount of consideration allocated to the contract is
regularly reassessed to ensure it represents the most recent information.
Standard warranties are provided for goods sold, with provision made for costs expected to arise from these obligations. These costs are
typically not material.

1.3 Expenses
                                                                                                                              Restated
                                                                                                                 2021            2020
                                                                                                                  $’m              $’m

Depreciation and amortisation
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                              33.5             39.9

Property, plant and equipment
– Buildings                                                                                                      0.9               0.9
– Plant and equipment                                                                                          162.8             197.8
– Leasehold improvements                                                                                        11.1              12.6
Total depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and equipment                                           174.8             211.3

Intangible assets
– Customer relationships and contracts                                                                           43.9             50.4
– Game names                                                                                                     11.8             13.7
– Technology and software                                                                                        77.3             94.5
– Intellectual property and licences                                                                             13.6             15.8
– Capitalised development costs                                                                                  19.5             13.5
Total amortisation of intangible assets                                                                        166.1             187.9
Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                            374.4             439.1

Employee benefits expense
Remuneration including bonuses and leave entitlements                                                          777.6             716.2
Superannuation costs                                                                                            35.7              35.3
Post-employment benefits other than superannuation                                                               1.5              25.9
Share-based payments expense                                                                                    66.2              34.4
Total employee benefits expense                                                                                881.0             811.8

General and administration costs reconciliation
General and administration before significant expense items and amortisation of acquired intangibles           442.7             396.2
Significant expense items                                                                                       80.9             133.0
Amortisation of acquired intangibles included in general and administration costs                              128.7             154.9
Total general and administration costs                                                                         652.3             684.1

Other expense items
Bad and doubtful debts expense                                                                                    8.8             57.1
Write down of inventories to net realisable value                                                                30.2             43.0
Legal costs (including significant item of $46.5m in 2020)                                                       36.4             98.3
Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                         2.3              0.9




                                                                                                                                        71
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1. Business performance continued
1.3 Expenses continued
Recognition and measurement
Finance and borrowing costs
Finance costs comprise interest expense on borrowings, the costs to establish financing facilities (which are expensed over the term of
the facility) and lease interest charges.
Short-term employee benefits
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and annual leave are recognised in other payables in respect of
employees’ services up to the reporting date. The amounts are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are
settled.
Long-term benefits
The liability for long service leave which is not expected to be settled within 12 months after the end of the period is recognised in the
provision for employee benefits and measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services
provided by employees up to the reporting date. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee
departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the reporting date on corporate
bonds with terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows.
Bonus plans
The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on criteria that takes into account the profit attributable to the
Company’s shareholders. The Group recognises a liability where contractually obliged or where there is past practice that has created a
constructive obligation. Where bonus plans are settled by way of the issue of shares in the Company, the expense is accounted for as
part of the share-based payments expense.
Employee benefit on-costs
Employee benefit on-costs, including payroll tax, are recognised and included in employee benefit liabilities and costs when the employee
benefits to which they relate are recognised as liabilities.




72 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1. Business performance continued
1.4 Taxes
                                                                                                                            Restated
                                                                                                               2021            2020
                                                                                                                $’m              $’m
Major components of income tax expense/(benefit) are:
a. Income tax expense/(benefit)
Current
Current year                                                                                                  210.9              131.3
Adjustment for prior years                                                                                    (18.5)               7.8

Deferred
Temporary differences                                                                                         (90.2)         (1,162.8)
Adjustment for prior years                                                                                     13.7               5.6
Income tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                  115.9          (1,018.1)

Deferred income tax (benefit) included in income tax (benefit) comprises:
Change in net deferred tax assets                                                                             (76.5)         (1,157.2)
Deferred income tax (benefit) included in income tax expense                                                  (76.5)         (1,157.2)

b. Tax reconciliation
Profit before tax                                                                                             935.9              359.6
Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2020: 30%)                                                             280.8              107.9

– Net impact to tax expense due to Group structure changes                                                   (128.9)         (1,122.7)
– Impact of changes in tax rates and law                                                                        1.6              24.2
– Exempt income                                                                                                 6.6              (2.4)
– Non-deductible expenses                                                                                       8.5               8.4
– Research and development tax credit                                                                          (5.6)             (1.2)
– Difference in overseas tax rates                                                                            (42.3)            (45.7)
– Adjustment in respect of previous years income tax                                                           (4.8)             13.4
Income tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                  115.9          (1,018.1)

Average effective tax rate                                                                                    12.4%          (283.1%)

c. Income tax expense/(benefit)
Income tax expense on profit before tax                                                                       235.7             104.6
Significant item - Group structure changes                                                                   (119.8)         (1,122.7)
Income tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                  115.9          (1,018.1)

d. Amounts recognised directly in equity
Current income tax - (debited) directly to equity                                                               (1.1)               —
Net deferred tax - credited directly to equity                                                                   5.1               2.1

e. Revenue and capital tax losses
Unused gross revenue tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised                            67.0              417.6
Unused gross capital tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised                           204.4              204.4
Revenue and capital tax losses                                                                                271.4              622.0

Potential tax benefit                                                                                          74.8              118.0

Unused revenue tax losses were incurred by the Company’s overseas subsidiaries. All unused capital tax losses were incurred by
Australian entities.




                                                                                                                                     73
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1. Business performance continued
1.4 Taxes continued
Current taxes
The income tax expense for the year is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the applicable income tax rate for
each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities, current income tax of prior years and unused tax losses/credits.
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting
period in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income.
                                                                                                                                Restated
                                                                                                                  2021              2020
                                                                                                                   $’m                $’m

f. Deferred tax
Gross deferred tax assets
Intangible assets arising from changes to Group structure                                                          1,097.4            1,083.3
Employee benefits                                                                                                     61.5               37.6
Accruals and other provisions                                                                                         62.2               45.0
Provision for stock obsolescence                                                                                       9.2               15.1
Unrealised foreign exchange losses                                                                                     5.3                4.4
Lease liabilities                                                                                                     79.0               55.6
Share-based equity                                                                                                    21.3                4.9
Financial liabilities                                                                                                  8.0               13.4
Other                                                                                                                  5.5                4.2
Gross deferred tax assets                                                                                          1,349.4            1,263.5

Deferred tax liabilities:
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                  (33.5)             (29.2)
Plant, equipment and intangible assets                                                                              (149.5)            (153.3)
Net deferred tax assets                                                                                            1,166.4            1,081.0

Movements
Balance at the start of the year                                                                                   1,081.0              (99.6)
Adjustment through opening retained earnings from change in accounting policy                                           —                 8.9
Credited to profit or loss                                                                                            76.5            1,157.2
Credited directly to equity                                                                                            5.1                2.1
Reclassification from current tax provision                                                                             —                 8.2
Foreign exchange currency and other movements                                                                          3.8                4.2
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                     1,166.4            1,081.0

Deferred taxes
Deferred tax is recognised for all taxable temporary differences and is calculated based on the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for temporary differences relating to:
– initial recognition of goodwill;
– initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor
  taxable profit;
– investments in subsidiaries, where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
  probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax is accounted for in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities and the corresponding tax base.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company/
Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
In the prior period a deferred tax asset and corresponding income tax benefit was recognised in respect of non-Australian tax deductions
due to a change in the Group structure and corresponding change in the tax base of the Group’s intangible assets. The potential tax
benefits recognised at 30 September 2021 were $1,097.4m (30 September 2020: $1,083.3m). A further $483.6m of potential tax benefits
remain unrecognised at 30 September 2021 (2020: $589.6m). The current year tax benefit to tax expense of $119.8m includes an
adjustment to the previous years income tax of $9.1m.
Significant judgement is required in determining the initial recognition and the subsequent carrying value of this deferred tax asset.
Deferred tax assets are only able to be recognised to the extent that utilisation is considered probable. A reassessment of the carrying
amount of all deferred tax assets is performed at each reporting period.



74 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1. Business performance continued
1.4 Taxes continued
Tax consolidation
The Company and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities are part of a tax-consolidated group under Australian taxation law.
Aristocrat Leisure Limited is the head entity in the tax-consolidated group. Entities within the tax-consolidated group have entered into a
tax funding arrangement and a tax sharing agreement with the head entity. Under the terms of the tax funding arrangement, Aristocrat
Leisure Limited and each of the entities in the tax-consolidated group have agreed to pay (or receive) a tax equivalent payment to
(or from) the head entity, based on the current tax liability or current tax asset of the entity. Each entity in the tax-consolidated group
measures its current and deferred taxes as if it continued to be a separate taxable entity in its own right.


   Key judgements and estimates: Income tax provision and deferred tax assets
   The Group is subject to income taxes in Australia and jurisdictions where it has foreign operations. Significant judgement is
   required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes and carrying value of deferred tax assets. There are certain
   transactions and calculations undertaken during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate determination is uncertain.
   The Group estimates its tax liabilities based on the Group’s understanding of the tax law.
   Judgement is required in determining the initial recognition and the subsequent carrying value of all deferred tax assets. Deferred
   tax assets are only able to be recognised to the extent that utilisation is considered probable. With respect to the deferred tax
   asset initially recognised in the prior year following a change in the Group structure, the full benefits of this asset may be utilised
   over a minimum period of 15 years. In determining the amount of benefits to be recognised as at the balance sheet date, various
   risk factors need to be considered, including the risk of a change in profit forecasts that could reduce or increase the amount of
   taxable profits that are available to use the benefits, as well as other factors that could impact the tax benefits that are recognised
   at any point in time. It is reasonably possible that a change in risk factors could result in a material change to the deferred tax
   asset and income tax expense in future periods. Changes in foreign exchange rates or any regulatory or tax legislation changes
   may also have a significant impact on amounts recognised.
   A reassessment of the carrying amount of all deferred tax assets is performed at each reporting period based on the above
   factors, inclusive of the impacts of COVID-19 and management’s best estimate of the likely impacts on future near-term
   profitability as a result (refer to Note 6-7).
   Where the final outcome of the reassessment is different from the amounts that were previously recorded, such differences will
   impact the current and deferred tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.




                                                                                                                                              75
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1. Business performance continued
1.5 Earnings per share
Basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) calculations                                                              2021              2020
Net profit attributable to members of Aristocrat Leisure Limited ($’m)                                              820.0           1,377.7

Weighted average number of ordinary shares (WANOS) used in calculating basic EPS (number)                   637,400,870        637,692,570
Effect of Performance Share Rights (number)                                                                     508,245            248,365

WANOS used in calculating diluted EPS (number)                                                              637,909,115        637,940,935

Basic EPS (cents per share)                                                                                        128.6              216.0
Diluted EPS (cents per share)                                                                                      128.5              216.0

Basic earnings per share
The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number
of ordinary shares outstanding.

Diluted earnings per share
The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average
number of ordinary shares outstanding after adjustments for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

Information concerning the classification of securities
Share-based payments
Rights granted to employees under share-based payments arrangements are considered to be potential ordinary shares and have been
included in the determination of diluted earnings per share. Details relating to the rights are set out in Note 5-2.
Included within the weighted average number of potential ordinary shares related to Performance Share Rights are 54,207 (2020: 64,744)
Performance Share Rights that had lapsed during the year.
Share-based payments trust
Shares purchased on-market and issued shares through the Aristocrat Employee Equity Plan Trust have been treated as shares bought
back and cancelled for the purpose of the calculation of the weighted average number of ordinary shares in calculating earnings per
share. At the end of the reporting period, there were 1,822,899 (2020: 1,175,972) shares held in the share trust.

1.6 Dividends
                                                                         2021                2021                2020                 2020
Ordinary shares                                                          Final            Interim                Final              Interim
Dividend per share (cents)                                           26.0c                 15.0c            10.0c                        —
Franking percentage (%)                                              100%                  100%             100%                        0%
Cost ($’m)                                                           174.0                   95.6            63.8                        —
Payment date                                              17 December 2021           2 July 2021 18 December 2020            Not applicable

Franking credits
The franking account balance at 30 September 2021 was $204.9m (2020: $116.0m).

Recognition and measurement
Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the entity, on
or before the end of the financial year but not distributed at reporting date. The final 2021 dividend had not been declared at the reporting
date and therefore is not reflected in the financial statements.

Dividends not recognised at year end
Since the end of the year, the Directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of 26.0 cents (2020: 10.0 cents) per fully paid
ordinary share, franked at 100%. The aggregate amount of the proposed final dividend expected to be paid on 17 December 2021 out of
retained earnings at 30 September 2021, but not recognised as a liability at the end of the year is $174.0m.




76 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

2. Operating assets and liabilities
   This section provides information relating to the operating assets and liabilities of the Group which contribute to the business platform
   for generating revenues and profits.
   2.1    Trade and other receivables
   2.2    Inventories
   2.3    Intangible assets
   2.4    Property, plant and equipment
   2.5    Leases
   2.6    Trade and other payables
   2.7    Provisions


2.1 Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                                       Restated
                                                                                                                        2021              2020
                                                                                                                         $’m                $’m

Current
Trade receivables                                                                                                      637.9              593.7
Provision for impairment                                                                                               (63.2)             (63.8)
Loan receivables                                                                                                         7.8                4.0
Other receivables                                                                                                      103.8               94.9
Total current receivables                                                                                              686.3              628.8

Non-current
Trade receivables                                                                                                       85.5               73.1
Loan receivables                                                                                                         7.8                8.4
Other receivables                                                                                                       77.7               38.7
Total non-current receivables                                                                                          171.0              120.2

Movements in the provision:
At the start of the year                                                                                                (63.8)            (12.2)
Provisions recognised during the year                                                                                    (1.3)            (52.8)
Foreign currency exchange differences                                                                                     0.1               0.5
Provisions no longer required                                                                                             1.8               0.7
At the end of the year                                                                                                  (63.2)            (63.8)

The provision includes $61.3m (2020: $57.3m) of trade receivables past due and considered impaired. Included in the provision is $31.8m
(2020: $28.1m) relating to Latin America trade receivables.

                                                                                                                        2021               2020
                                                                                                                         $’m                $’m

Trade receivables past due but not impaired
Under 3 months                                                                                                          32.3               43.1
3 months and over                                                                                                         —                11.8
Total receivables past due but not impaired                                                                             32.3               54.9




                                                                                                                                               77
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

2. Operating assets and liabilities continued
2.1 Trade and other receivables continued
Trade receivables
Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less an
allowance for impairment. Current trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally have credit terms of up to 120 days. If the
contract with the customer has a significant financing component, receivables are recognised at present value, and interest is recognised
over the contract term.
There were no other significant changes in trade receivables outside of normal sales and cash collections.

Impairment of trade receivables
The Group measures expected credit losses using a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit
losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. A provision matrix is then
determined based on the historic credit loss rate for each group, adjusted for forward looking information on factors affecting the ability of
the customers to settle trade receivables. This forward looking information includes the expected impacts of COVID-19 on collections.
Details about the Group’s exposure to credit risk are provided in Note 3-6.

Other receivables
These include prepayments, other receivables, long-term deposits and costs relating to entering sales contracts incurred under normal
terms and conditions and which do not earn interest. They do not contain impaired assets and are not past due.
Other receivables were impacted by a change in accounting policy, including a restatement of the comparatives. Refer to Note 6-7.

Fair value
Due to their short-term nature, the carrying amount of current receivables are estimated to represent their fair value. Non-current
receivables are carried at discounted carrying values which are estimated to represent their fair value.


    Key judgements and estimates: Recoverability of trade and other receivables
    The Group reviews at each reporting date whether trade and other receivables are recoverable, including assessing the
    expected payments to be received from customers. This process involves estimates and assumptions that are based on current
    expectations of customers ability to pay amounts due, including the expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.


2.2 Inventories
                                                                                                                      2021              2020
                                                                                                                       $’m               $’m

Current
Raw materials and stores                                                                                             178.3             164.5
Work in progress                                                                                                      25.7              21.1
Finished goods                                                                                                        48.0              40.9
Provision for obsolescence and impairment                                                                            (92.8)            (66.3)
Total inventories                                                                                                    159.2             160.2

Inventory expense
Inventories recognised as an expense for sales during the year ended 30 September 2021 amounted to $303.0m (2020: $288.9m).

Recognition and measurement
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate
proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Net realisable
value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs to sell.


    Key judgements and estimates: Carrying value of inventory
    The Group performs an assessment at each reporting date whether inventory is recorded at the lower of cost and net realisable value,
    including assessing the expected sales of slow moving inventories. These assessments involve estimates and assumptions that are
    based on current expectations of demand and market conditions, including opportunities to sell into new markets.
    The COVID-19 pandemic has reduced opportunities for selling products into some of the markets that the Group operates in as
    well as impacting the supply chain. The carrying value of inventory reflects best estimates of the conditions of markets in which the
    Group operates.




78 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

2. Operating assets and liabilities continued
2.3 Intangible assets
                                                           Customer     Tradenames    Intellectual Capitalised    Technology
                                                        relationships      and game property and development             and
$’m                                        Goodwill    and contracts         names       licences       costs       software      Total
                                                                                                                   Restated    Restated
Cost                                        2,754.9            702.4         157.5          98.3          89.6        618.0     4,420.7
Accumulated amortisation                         —            (287.1)        (39.3)        (60.4)        (41.5)      (424.8)     (853.1)
Net carrying amount                         2,754.9           415.3          118.2          37.9         48.1         193.2     3,567.6

Carrying amount at 1 October 2019           2,923.1           491.5          139.2          49.8          46.7        295.6     3,945.9
Additions                                        —               —              —            5.6          17.2          2.7        25.5
Transfers                                        —               —              —            1.0          (1.6)         1.5         0.9
Disposals                                        —               —              —             —             —          (0.3)       (0.3)
Amortisation charge                              —            (50.4)         (13.7)        (15.8)        (13.5)       (94.5)     (187.9)
Foreign currency exchange movements          (168.2)          (25.8)          (7.3)         (2.7)         (0.7)       (11.8)     (216.5)
Carrying amount at 30 September 2020        2,754.9           415.3          118.2          37.9         48.1         193.2     3,567.6

Cost                                       2,825.0            700.4          157.0          96.9        105.1         663.0     4,547.4
Accumulated amortisation                        —            (332.0)         (51.5)        (74.3)       (61.1)       (500.8)   (1,019.7)
Net carrying amount                        2,825.0            368.4          105.5          22.6         44.0         162.2     3,527.7

Carrying amount at 1 October 2020          2,754.9            415.3          118.2          37.9         48.1         193.2     3,567.6
Additions                                       —                —              —            9.6         15.5          19.2        44.3
Additions on acquisition of subsidiaries      77.8               —              —             —            —           33.2       111.0
Disposals                                       —                —              —             —            —           (3.0)       (3.0)
Impairment losses                               —                —              —          (11.0)          —             —        (11.0)
Amortisation charge                             —             (43.9)         (11.8)        (13.6)       (19.5)        (77.3)     (166.1)
Foreign currency exchange movements           (7.7)            (3.0)          (0.9)         (0.3)        (0.1)         (3.1)      (15.1)
Carrying amount at 30 September 2021       2,825.0            368.4          105.5          22.6         44.0         162.2     3,527.7




                                                                                                                                      79
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

2. Operating assets and liabilities continued
2.3 Intangible assets continued
 Intangible assets                Useful life        Amortisation method     Recognition and measurement

 Goodwill                         Indefinite         Not amortised           Goodwill acquired in a business combination is measured at
                                                                             cost and subsequently measured at cost less any impairment
                                                                             losses. The cost represents the excess of the cost of a
                                                                             business combination over the fair value of the identifiable
                                                                             assets and liabilities acquired.


 Customer                         Up to 15 years     Straight line           Customer relationships and contracts acquired in business
 relationships and                                                           combinations are carried at cost less accumulated
 contracts                                                                   amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.
                                                                             The remaining useful life of the customer relationships and
                                                                             contracts assets is 8 years.


 Tradenames                       Indefinite         Not amortised           The tradenames were acquired as part of business combinations
                                                                             and recognised at fair value at the dates of acquisition. These
                                                                             have an indefinite life so are not amortised, but rather tested
                                                                             for impairment at each reporting date.
                                                                             The factors that determined that this asset has an indefinite
                                                                             useful life included the history of the business and tradename, the
                                                                             market position, stability of the industry and the expected usage.


 Game names                       Up to 15 years     Straight line           Game names were acquired as part of business
                                                                             combinations. Game names are recognised at their fair value
                                                                             at the date of acquisition and are subsequently amortised.


 Intellectual                     Up to 8 years      Straight line           Intellectual property and licences are carried at cost less
 property and                                                                accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.
 licences

 Capitalised                      Up to 4 years      Straight line           Capitalised development costs are costs incurred on internal
 development costs                                                           development projects. Development costs are only capitalised
                                                                             when they relate to the creation of an asset that can be used
                                                                             or sold to generate benefits and can be reliably measured.


 Technology and                   Up to 7 years      Straight line           Technology and software is carried at cost less accumulated
 software                                                                    amortisation and impairment losses. Technology and
                                                                             software acquired through business combinations is
                                                                             measured at the fair value at acquisition date and is
                                                                             subsequently amortised.

Technology and software assets were impacted by a change in accounting policy, including a restatement of the comparatives. Refer to Note 6-7.




80 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

2. Operating assets and liabilities continued
2.3 Intangible assets continued
a.   Impairment tests
Goodwill and other assets are allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (CGUs) for the purpose of impairment testing. A CGU is the
smallest identifiable group of assets that generate cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or
groups of assets.
                                                                                                                 2021             2020
A summary of the goodwill allocation by CGU is presented below:                                                   $’m              $’m
Americas segment
Americas (excluding VGT)                                                                                       102.4             102.8
VGT                                                                                                            958.5             961.2

Digital segment
Product Madness                                                                                                  38.5             25.0
Big Fish                                                                                                      1,128.8          1,132.1
Plarium                                                                                                         594.6            533.8

Other                                                                                                             2.2                 —
Total goodwill at the end of the year                                                                         2,825.0          2,754.9

The VGT CGU also includes $17.3m and the Big Fish CGU $43.9m relating to tradenames that are not amortised, and are tested for
impairment annually.

b. Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations
Discounted cash flow models have been used based on operating and investing cash flows (before borrowing costs and tax impacts)
in valuing the Group’s CGUs that contain intangible assets. The following key inputs and assumptions have been adopted:

Inputs                             Assumptions

Cash flow projections              Financial budgets and strategic plans approved by the Board to 2022 and management projections
                                   from 2023 to 2026. These projections, which include projected revenues, gross margins and expenses,
                                   have been determined based on past performance and management expectations for the future.
                                   Expected market conditions in which each CGU operates, including the impact of COVID-19, have been
                                   taken into account in the projections.

Pre-tax annual discount rate                                                                                         2021         2020
                                   Americas (excluding VGT)                                                        11.2%          9.7%
                                   VGT                                                                             10.8%          9.1%
                                   Product Madness                                                                 10.8%          9.5%
                                   Big Fish                                                                        11.6%         10.8%
                                   Plarium                                                                         11.5%         10.6%

Terminal growth rate                                                                                                 2021         2020
                                   Americas (excluding VGT)                                                         2.0%          2.0%
                                   VGT                                                                              2.0%          2.0%
                                   Product Madness                                                                  3.0%          3.0%
                                   Big Fish                                                                         3.0%          3.0%
                                   Plarium                                                                          3.0%          3.0%

Allocation of head office assets The Group’s head office assets do not generate separate cash inflows and are utilised by more than
                                   one CGU. Head office assets are allocated to CGUs on a reasonable and consistent basis and tested
                                   for impairment as part of the testing of the CGU to which the head office assets are allocated.




                                                                                                                                       81
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

2. Operating assets and liabilities continued
2.3 Intangible assets continued
c.    Impact of possible changes in key assumptions
With regard to the assessment of the value-in-use of the CGUs, management do not believe that a reasonably possible change in any
one of the key assumptions would lead to a material impairment charge.
For Plarium and Big Fish, growth in Digital businesses is dependent on the success of existing games and those that are being developed
or will be developed in future periods. Assumptions do not include all games developed being successful.


     Key judgements and estimates: Recoverable amount of intangible assets
     The Group tests annually whether goodwill and other intangible assets that are not amortised have suffered any impairment.
     The recoverable amounts of cash-generating units have been determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations
     require the use of assumptions. The above note details these assumptions and the potential impact of changes to the
     assumptions. Refer to Note 6-7 for further information on the preparation of forecasts and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
     Judgement is also required in relation to the useful life of intangible assets.



2.4 Property, plant and equipment
                                                                  Land                        Leasehold                      Plant and
                                                              and buildings                 improvements                    equipment                  Total
                                                                   $’m                           $’m                            $’m                     $’m
                                                               2021           2020           2021           2020           2021          2020      2021          2020
Cost                                                           31.2           31.3          132.9          141.0        1,043.6      959.8       1,207.7       1,132.1
Accumulated depreciation/amortisation                         (17.8)         (17.0)         (63.5)         (51.6)        (801.0)    (710.3)       (882.3)       (778.9)
Net carrying amount                                            13.4           14.3           69.4            89.4         242.6      249.5        325.4         353.2

Carrying amount at the start of the year                       14.3           13.9           89.4            90.7         249.5      326.6        353.2         431.2
Additions                                                        —             1.9            0.4            27.4         178.6      170.1        179.0         199.4
Disposals                                                        —              —              —             (0.8)         (8.5)      (7.1)        (8.5)         (7.9)
Impairment losses                                                —              —            (8.5)           (8.2)         (0.4)        —          (8.9)         (8.2)
Transfers 1                                                      —              —              —               —           (3.4)     (25.8)        (3.4)        (25.8)
Depreciation and amortisation                                  (0.9)          (0.9)         (11.1)          (12.6)       (162.8)    (197.8)      (174.8)       (211.3)
Foreign currency exchange differences                            —            (0.6)          (0.8)           (7.1)        (10.4)     (16.5)       (11.2)        (24.2)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                         13.4           14.3           69.4            89.4         242.6      249.5        325.4         353.2

1. Transfers predominantly relate to gaming operations assets that have been transferred to and from inventory.

Recognition and measurement
All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation/amortisation and impairment.
The expected useful lives and depreciation and amortisation methods are listed below:

Asset                                                                                                             Useful life                Depreciation method
Buildings                                                                                                         Up to 40 years             Straight line
Leasehold improvements                                                                                            Up to 12 years             Straight line
Plant and equipment                                                                                               Up to 10 years             Straight line
Land                                                                                                              Indefinite                 No depreciation

Derecognition
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised when it is sold or disposed, or when its use is expected to bring no future
economic benefits. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing disposal proceeds with the carrying amount of the
asset and are recognised within ‘other income’ in the profit or loss in the period the disposal occurs.




82 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

2. Operating assets and liabilities continued
2.5 Leases
This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

a.   Amounts recognised in the balance sheet
The balance sheet includes the following amounts relating to leases:
                                                                                                                2021             2020
                                                                                                                 $’m              $’m

Right-of-use assets
Property                                                                                                       155.9             173.4
Motor vehicles                                                                                                   3.2               4.0
Equipment                                                                                                        0.1               0.9
Total right-of-use assets                                                                                      159.2             178.3

Lease liabilities
Current                                                                                                         50.1              43.3
Non-current                                                                                                    238.8             232.7
Total lease liabilities                                                                                        288.9             276.0

Additions to the right-of-use assets were $30.1m (2020: $27.4m), and an impairment of $17.9m was recognised in 2021 (2020: $20.4m).
The impairment charges relate to a property lease that is not expected to be able to be fully utilised and will be made available to be
sub-leased. The impairment charge and related onerous lease provision is subject to estimates of sub-leasing income. This includes
estimates of rental rates that the property will be able to be sub-leased at, and the time required to locate a tenant. These estimates
are subject to change based on the latest available information in future reporting periods.

b. Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss
The statement of profit or loss shows the following amounts related to leases:
                                                                                                                2021             2020
                                                                                                                 $’m              $’m

Depreciation charge for right-of-use assets
Property                                                                                                        31.1              36.4
Motor vehicles                                                                                                   2.0               2.5
Equipment                                                                                                        0.4               1.0
Total depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                       33.5              39.9

Interest expense (included in finance costs)                                                                    13.8              14.9
Expense relating to short-term leases                                                                            2.7               2.1
Expense related to lease of low-value assets that are not shown as short term leases                             0.1               0.2
Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities                                     —                0.2

The total cash out flow for leases was $52.9m (2020: $54.0m)




                                                                                                                                      83
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

2. Operating assets and liabilities continued
2.5 Leases continued
c.    Leasing activities and accounting
The Group leases various offices, warehouses, equipment and vehicles. Rental contracts are for various periods and in some cases
include extension options. Contracts may include lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components such as outgoings are not
included in the amount recognised for right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.
Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date which the leased asset is available for use by the
Group. Lease liabilities include the present value of fixed payments less any lease incentives received, and variable payments that are based
on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date of the lease. Lease payments to be made under
reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the liability. The Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used as
the discount rate. Lease liabilities are adjusted when based on an index or rate at the time that changes occur. Lease payments are allocated
between repayments of principal and finance cost. Lease contracts that have been signed but have not yet commenced are not included in
right-of-use assets and lease liabilities until the lease commencement date. Lease contracts amounting to $21.9m (2020: $35.5m) that have
been signed but have not yet commenced are not included in right-of-use assets and lease liabilities until the lease commencement date.
Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the assets useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.
Payments associated with short-term leases of less than 12 months of equipment and motor vehicles and leases of low value assets are
recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in the profit and loss.
Some leases include variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate. Such payments are not included in the
measurement of the lease liability and are expensed as incurred.

2.6 Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                                                      $’m                $’m

Current
Trade payables                                                                                                      150.7               121.2
Accrued expenses                                                                                                    687.8               525.5
Total current payables                                                                                              838.5               646.7

Non-current
Accrued expenses                                                                                                     23.9                55.3
Total non-current payables                                                                                           23.9                55.3

Recognition and measurement
Trade payables and other payables are recognised when the Group becomes obliged to make future payments resulting from the purchase
of goods and services. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 120 days of recognition. Accrued expenses include
accruals for short-term employee benefits, employment taxes, user acquisition costs, legal fees and other administrative expenses.
The carrying amounts of trade and other payables are estimated to represent their fair value.




84 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

2. Operating assets and liabilities continued
2.7 Provisions
                                                       Employee               Make good         Progressive      Onerous lease and
                                                        benefits              allowances     jackpot liabilities other provisions             Total
                                                          $’m                     $’m               $’m                $’m                     $’m
                                                     2021      2020           2021   2020      2021      2020       2021     2020          2021       2020
Current                                              21.6      22.1            0.8     0.4     19.9          26.3    3.9      5.0          46.2       53.8
Non-current                                           2.3       1.9            6.3     6.2      2.1           2.5   33.9     13.7          44.6       24.3
Carrying amount at the end of the year               23.9       24.0           7.1     6.6     22.0          28.8   37.8     18.7          90.8       78.1

Movements in provisions
Movements in each class of provision during the financial year, other than employee benefits, are set out below:
                                                                       Make good                    Progressive               Onerous lease and
                                                                       allowances                jackpot liabilities           other provisions
                                                                           $’m                          $’m                          $’m
                                                                       2021          2020             2021          2020            2021              2020
Carrying amount at the start of the year                                6.6            6.2          28.8             38.1           18.7               23.7
Payments                                                                 —              —          (75.1)           (43.4)          (2.7)              (0.4)
Additional provisions recognised                                        0.5            0.4          68.2             36.3           21.8               14.0
Transfers to right-of-use assets                                         —              —             —                —              —               (17.9)
Foreign currency exchange differences                                    —              —            0.1             (2.2)            —                (0.7)
Carrying amount at the end of the year                                  7.1            6.6            22.0          28.8            37.8              18.7

Recognition and measurement
Provisions are recognised when:
a. the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events;
b. it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and
c. the amount has been reliably estimated.
Progressive jackpot liabilities
In certain jurisdictions in the United States, the Group is liable for progressive jackpots, which are paid as an initial amount followed by either:
a. an annuity paid out over 19 or 20 years after winning; or
b. a lump sum amount equal to the present value of the progressive component.
Provision is made for the estimated cash flows expected to be required to settle the obligation.
Make good allowances
Provision is made for the estimated discounted cash flows expected to be required to satisfy the make good clauses in the lease contracts.
Onerous leases
Provision is made for onerous leases when the expected costs of the contract exceed the expected benefits. This usually arises when
property is not able to be fully utilised, and sub-lease rents are lower than required payments. The provision includes the non-lease
components of the contract such as outgoings.




                                                                                                                                                          85
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

3. Capital and financial structure
    This section provides information relating to the Group’s capital structure and its exposure to financial risks, how they affect the Group’s
    financial position and performance, and how the risks are managed.
    The Directors review the Group’s capital structure and dividend policy regularly and do so in the context of the Group’s ability to invest in
    opportunities that grow the business, enhance shareholder value and continue as a going concern.
    3.1    Borrowings
    3.2    Other financial assets and financial liabilities
    3.3    Reserves and retained earnings
    3.4    Contributed equity
    3.5    Net tangible assets/(liabilities) per share
    3.6    Capital and financial risk management
    3.7    Net debt reconciliation


3.1 Borrowings
                                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                                                             $’m                $’m

Current
Secured
Bank loans                                                                                                                   7.0                    7.0
Total current borrowings                                                                                                     7.0                    7.0


Non-current
Secured
Bank loans                                                                                                               3,229.1            3,236.2
Total non-current borrowings                                                                                             3,229.1            3,236.2

Lease liabilities are shown separately on the balance sheet.

Recognition and measurement
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs. Borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost
using the effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are included as part of the carrying amount of the
borrowings.
The fair value of borrowings approximates the carrying amount.
The Group’s borrowings are denominated in USD.
For an analysis of the sensitivity of borrowings to interest rate and foreign exchange risk, refer to Note 3-6.

Financing arrangements
Unrestricted access was available at balance date to the following lines of credit (net of transaction costs):
                                                                                          2021                                  2020
                                                                                          $’m                                    $’m
Credit standby arrangements                                      Notes               Total            Unused                Total           Unused
Total facilities
Bank overdrafts                                                        i               7.8                7.8                7.8                7.8
Bank loans                                                            ii           3,512.9              276.8            3,520.2              277.0
Total facilities                                                                   3,520.7              284.6            3,528.0              284.8

i. The bank overdraft facilities (A$5,000,000 and US$2,000,000) are subject to annual review.
ii. Syndicated loan facilities:
– US$1,850.0 million US Term Loan B debt facility maturing 19 October 2024.
– US$493.8 million Incremental US Term Loan B debt facility maturing 19 October 2024.
– A$286 million Revolving facility maturing 22 July 2024.




86 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

3. Capital and financial structure continued
3.1 Borrowings continued
These secured facilities are provided by a syndicate of banks and financial institutions and are supported by guarantees from certain
members of the Company’s wholly owned subsidiaries. Various affirmative and negative covenants on the Group are imposed, including
restrictions on encumbrances, and customary events of default. As part of the corporate facilities, the Group is subject to certain
customary financial covenants measured on a six-monthly basis. The Group was in compliance with all facility covenants.
Borrowings under the US$1,850.0 million US Term Loan B debt facility are currently priced at a floating rate of LIBOR plus a fixed credit
margin as specified in the relevant Credit Agreement. A portion of the interest rate exposure has been fixed under separate interest rate
swap arrangements.
Borrowings made under the US$493.8 million Incremental Term Loan B facility are currently priced at a 1% LIBOR floor plus a fixed credit
margin as specified in the relevant Credit Agreement.
Approximately 38% of interest rate exposures on borrowings is fixed with hedging out to October 2022.

3.2 Other financial assets and financial liabilities
                                                                                                                       2021              2020
                                                                                                                        $’m               $’m

Financial assets
Current
Debt securities held-to-maturity                                                                                        7.0                6.7
Derivatives used for hedging                                                                                             —                 0.4
Total current financial assets                                                                                          7.0                7.1

Non-current
Debt securities held-to-maturity                                                                                        4.3                4.8
Convertible bond                                                                                                        3.5                2.1
Other investments                                                                                                       3.4                1.0
Total non-current financial assets                                                                                     11.2                7.9

Financial liabilities
Current
Interest rate swap contracts - cash flow hedges                                                                         1.7                2.0
Derivatives used for hedging                                                                                            2.2                 —
Total current financial liabilities                                                                                     3.9                2.0

Non-current
Interest rate swap contracts - cash flow hedges                                                                        31.6              61.7
Total non-current financial liabilities                                                                                31.6              61.7

a.   Classification
The Group classifies its financial assets as those measured at amortised cost and those to be measured subsequently at fair value. The
classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are financial assets held for trading. A financial asset is classified in this category if
acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the short term. Derivatives are classified as held for trading unless they are designated as
hedges.
Amortised cost
The Group classifies its financial assets at amortised cost only if the asset is held with the objective to collect contractual cashflows and
these cashflows are solely principal and interest.
Financial assets at amortised cost comprise trade and other receivables, debt securities held-to-maturity and other investments.




                                                                                                                                              87
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

3. Capital and financial structure continued
3.2 Other financial assets and financial liabilities continued
b. Measurement
At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through
profit or loss (FVPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial
assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of the ‘financial assets at fair value through profit or loss’ category are presented in
the statement of comprehensive income within other income or other expenses in the period in which they arise.
Further information on financial assets and liabilities is disclosed in Note 3-6.

c.    Impairment
The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Group uses
judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to impairment calculations, based on the Group’s past history and
existing market conditions as well as forward-looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.
Refer to Note 2-1 regarding the expected credit losses approach used to assess impairment of trade and other receivables.

d. Derivatives and hedging
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into, and they are subsequently remeasured
to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether the
derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.
Hedge effectiveness for interest rate swaps is determined at inception of the hedge relationship, and through periodic prospective
effectiveness assessments. As all critical terms matched during the year, the economic relationship was 100% effective, and there was
no hedge ineffectiveness.
Cash flow hedges
The Group designates interest rate swap contracts as hedges of interest rate risk associated with floating interest cash flows of
borrowings drawn under Term Loan B facilities (cash flow hedges). Group policy is to maintain at least 30-70% of its borrowings at fixed
rate using floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps to achieve this when necessary. The Group’s borrowings are carried at amortised cost.
Swaps currently in place cover approximately 38% (2020 – 48%) of the Term Loan B facility outstanding. The fixed interest rates of the
swaps range between 2.68% and 2.73% (2020: 2.71% and 2.75%) and the floating rate of the borrowings at the end of the reporting period
was 0.13% (2020: 0.27%). The swap contracts require settlement of net interest receivable or payable every quarter. The settlement dates
coincide with the dates on which interest is payable on the underlying debt.
The effects of interest rate swaps on the Group’s financial position and performance are as follows:

                                                                                                                        2021               2020
Carrying amount - liabilities ($’m)                                                                                    (33.3)             (63.7)
Notional amount in US$’m                                                                                              900.0            1,132.8
Maturity dates                                                                                                  2021 - 2022        2021 - 2022
Hedge ratio                                                                                                              1:1                1:1
Change in fair value of interest rate hedges since 1 October ($’m)                                                      30.4              (15.4)
Weighted average hedged rate for the year                                                                            2.70%              2.72%




88 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

3. Capital and financial structure continued
3.3 Reserves and retained earnings
                                                                            Foreign                                        Non-
                                                                           currency Share-based          Interest    controlling
                                                            Retained     translation  payments        rate hedge        interest        Total
$’m                                                         earnings        reserve     reserve          reserve        reserve      reserves
Balance at 1 October 2019                                    1,425.9          139.2          (79.5)         (50.0)         (7.1)          2.6
Adjustment from change in accounting policy                    (24.8)            —              —              —             —             —
(refer to Note 6-7)
Adjusted balance at 1 October 2019                           1,401.1           139.2         (79.5)         (50.0)         (7.1)          2.6
Profit for the year                                          1,377.7              —             —              —             —             —
Currency translation differences                                  —           (128.4)           —              —             —         (128.4)
Net investment in foreign operations                              —             17.3            —              —             —           17.3
Movement in fair value of interest rate hedges                    —               —             —            (8.0)           —           (8.0)
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year               1,377.7          (111.1)            —           (8.0)            —        (119.1)

Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners
Dividends paid or provided for                                (217.1)              —            —              —              —            —
Share-based payments expense                                      —                —          34.4             —              —          34.4
Issues of shares to and purchases of shares by the                —                —         (40.4)            —              —         (40.4)
Aristocrat Employee Share Trust
Share-based tax and other adjustments                              —               —           0.9             —              —           0.9
Balance at 30 September 2020                                 2,561.7            28.1         (84.6)         (58.0)         (7.1)       (121.6)

Balance at 1 October 2020                                    2,561.7            28.1         (84.6)        (58.0)          (7.1)       (121.6)
Profit for the year                                            820.0              —             —             —              —             —
Currency translation differences                                  —             15.9            —             —              —           15.9
Net investment in foreign operations                              —              0.8            —             —              —            0.8
Movement in fair value of interest rate hedges                    —               —             —           23.6             —           23.6
Total comprehensive income for the year                       820.0             16.7             —          23.6              —          40.3

Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners
Dividends paid or provided for                                (159.4)              —            —              —              —            —
Share-based payments expense                                      —                —          66.2             —              —          66.2
Issues of shares to and purchases of shares by the                —                —         (54.9)            —              —         (54.9)
Aristocrat Employee Share Trust
Share-based tax and other adjustments                              —               —          11.5             —              —          11.5
Balance at 30 September 2021                                 3,222.3            44.8         (61.8)        (34.4)          (7.1)        (58.5)

Nature and purpose of reserves:
Foreign currency translation reserve
The foreign currency translation reserve records the foreign currency exchange differences arising from the translation of foreign
operations, the translation of transactions that hedge the Company’s net investment in a foreign operation or the translation of foreign
currency monetary items forming part of the net investment in foreign operations.
Share-based payments reserve
The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the fair value of all shares and rights both issued and issued but not exercised
under the various employee share plans, as well as purchases of shares by the Aristocrat Employee Share Trust.
Interest rate hedge reserve
The interest rate hedge reserve is used to record gains or losses on interest rate hedges that are recognised in other
comprehensive income.
Non-controlling interest reserve
The non-controlling interest reserve is used to record transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in the loss of control.




                                                                                                                                                89
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

3. Capital and financial structure continued
3.4 Contributed equity
                                                                                                            Shares                     $’m
                                                                                                        2021               2020     2021        2020
Ordinary shares, fully paid                                                                  638,544,150             638,544,150   715.1       715.1

Movements in ordinary share capital
Ordinary shares at the beginning of the year                                                 638,544,150             638,544,150   715.1       715.1
Shares issued during the year                                                                          —                       —      —           —
Ordinary shares at the end of the financial year                                             638,544,150             638,544,150   715.1       715.1

Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares have no par value and entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the winding up of the Company in proportion to
the number of, and amounts paid on, the shares held. Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the
Company.

Recognition and measurement
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in contributed equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the
proceeds.
If the entity reacquires its own equity instruments, for example as the result of a share buy-back, those instruments are deducted from
equity and the associated shares are cancelled. No gain or loss is recognised in the profit or loss and the consideration paid including any
directly attributable incremental cost (net of income taxes) is recognised directly in equity. There is no current on-market buy back.

3.5 Net tangible assets/(liabilities) per share
                                                                                                                                             Restated
                                                                                                                                    2021        2020
                                                                                                                                       $            $
Net tangible assets/(liabilities) per share                                                                                         0.30        (0.93)

Net tangible assets is calculated based on net assets excluding intangible and right-of-use assets. A large proportion of the Group’s
assets are intangible in nature, including goodwill and identifiable intangible assets relating to businesses acquired.
Net assets per share at 30 September 2021 were $6.07 (2020: $4.94).

3.6 Capital and financial risk management
a.    Capital management
The Group’s overall strategic capital management objective is to maintain a funding structure, which provides sufficient flexibility to fund
the operational demands of the business and to underwrite any strategic opportunities.
The Group has managed its capital through interest and debt coverage ratios as follows:
                                                                                                                                    2021        2020
Gross debt/bank EBITDA 1                                                                                                            2.0x         2.9x
Net debt/(cash)/bank EBITDA 1                                                                                                       0.5x         1.4x
Interest coverage ratio (bank EBITDA 1/interest expense 2)                                                                         14.6x         8.8x

1. Bank EBITDA refers to Consolidated EBITDA for the Group as defined in Aristocrat’s Syndicated Facility Agreement.
2. Interest expense includes ongoing finance fees relating to bank debt facility arrangements, such as line fees.

This section explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future financial performance.




90 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

3. Capital and financial structure continued
3.6 Capital and financial risk management continued
b. Financial risk management
Financial risk management is carried out by a central treasury department (Group Treasury) under policies approved by the Board of
Directors. Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units. The
Board provides written principles for overall risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk,
interest rate risk, credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and investment of excess liquidity.
The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential
adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group. The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange
contracts and interest rate swaps to hedge certain risk exposures. Derivatives are exclusively used for hedging purposes, i.e. not as
trading or other speculative instruments.

Risk             Exposure arising from                Measurement        Management

Market risk:     Floating rate borrowings drawn       Sensitivity        – Use of floating to fixed swaps; and
Interest rate    under a Term Loan B facility         analysis           – The mix between fixed and floating rate debt is reviewed on
                                                                           a regular basis under the Group Treasury policy.

Market risk:     Future commercial transactions       Sensitivity        – The Group’s foreign exchange hedging policy reduces the
Foreign          and recognised assets and            analysis & cash      risk associated with transactional exposures; and
exchange         liabilities denominated in a         flow forecasts     – Unrealised gains/losses on outstanding foreign exchange
                 currency that is not the entity’s                         contracts are taken to the profit or loss on a monthly basis.
                 functional currency

Market risk:     The Group’s exposure to              Nil                Nil
Price risk       commodity price risk is indirect
                 and is not considered likely to be
                 material

Credit risk      Cash and cash equivalents, trade     Ageing analysis    – Customers and suppliers are appropriately credit assessed
                 and other receivables, derivative    & credit ratings     per Group policies;
                 financial instruments and held-                         – Derivative counterparties and cash transactions are limited
                 to-maturity investments                                   to high credit quality financial institutions; and
                                                                         – Cash and cash equivalents are predominately held with
                                                                           counterparties which are rated ‘A’ or higher.

Liquidity risk   Borrowings and other liabilities     Cash flow          – Maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities;
                                                      forecasts and      – Maintaining adequate amounts of committed credit facilities
                                                      debt covenants       and the ability to close out market positions; and
                                                                         – Maintaining flexibility in funding by keeping committed credit
                                                                           lines available.

Hedge of net investment in foreign entity
At 30 September 2021, US$203.2m (2020: $203.2m) of the US Term Loan B debt facility shown in Note 3-1 that is held within an
Australian company has been designated as a hedge of the net investment in subsidiaries with US dollar functional currencies.
The foreign exchange gains and losses on translation of the borrowing into Australian dollars at the end of the reporting period are
recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve within shareholders equity (Note
3-3). Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similar to cash flow hedges. There was no ineffectiveness to be
recorded in the profit or loss from net investment foreign entity hedges.




                                                                                                                                             91
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

3. Capital and financial structure continued
3.6 Capital and financial risk management continued
Summarised sensitivity analysis
The following table summarises the sensitivity of the Group’s non-derivative financial assets and financial liabilities to interest rate risk
and foreign exchange risk. These sensitivities are prior to the offsetting impact of hedging instruments, and are shown on a pre-tax basis:

                                                     Carrying amount              Interest rate risk                         Foreign exchange risk
                                                                             -1%                    +1%                -10%                   +10%
                                                                            Profit                 Profit              Profit                 Profit
                                                           $’m               $’m                    $’m                 $’m                    $’m
                                                               Restated
                                                       2021       2020    2021       2020      2021         2020     2021       2020       2021        2020

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                            2,431.6    1,675.7   (2.7)       (2.7)    24.2         16.8      0.1         0.5      (0.1)        (0.4)
Receivables                                            857.3      749.0     —           —        —            —       8.3         7.4      (6.8)        (6.0)
Debt securities held-to-maturity                        11.3       11.5   (0.1)       (0.1)     0.1          0.1       —           —         —            —
Convertible bond and other                               6.9        3.1   (0.1)         —       0.1           —        —           —         —            —
investments

Financial liabilities
Payables                                               862.4      702.0     —          —         —             —     (4.3)        (3.4)     3.5         2.8
Borrowings                                           3,236.1    3,243.2    4.4        7.6     (32.6)        (32.8)     —            —        —           —
Lease liabilities                                      288.9      276.0     —          —         —             —       —            —        —           —
Progressive jackpot liabilities                         22.0       28.8    0.2        0.3      (0.2)         (0.3)     —            —        —           —
Total increase/(decrease)                                                  1.7        5.1       (8.4)       (16.2)    4.1         4.5      (3.4)       (3.6)

Foreign exchange risk from intercompany balances is managed using forward contracts, resulting in no material net exposure.
Refer to Notes 3-1 and 3-2 for details of hedging undertaken to manage interest rate risk. Changes in the fair value of interest rate
swaps are recognised in equity. A 1% increase in interest rates would cause a $12.5m (2020: $25.3m) increase in the fair value of swap
contracts held at year end. A 1% decrease would cause a $12.7m (2020: $25.9m) decrease in the fair value of swaps held at year-end.




92 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

3. Capital and financial structure continued
3.6 Capital and financial risk management continued
Maturities of financial liabilities
The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings as follows:
i. based on their contractual maturities:
     – all non-derivative financial liabilities, and
     – net and gross settled derivative financial instruments for which the contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of the
       timing of cash flows.
ii. based on the remaining period to the expected settlement date:
     – derivative financial liabilities for which the contractual maturities are not essential for an understanding of the timing of cash flows.
The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying
balances, as the impact of discounting is not significant.
                                                          Less than                 Between                      Over            Total contractual    Carrying amount
                                                            1 year                 1 to 5 years                 5 years             cash flows        (assets)/liabilities
                                                              $’m                       $’m                       $’m                   $’m                  $’m
Contractual maturities
of financial liabilities                                2021        2020          2021         2020         2021          2020     2021      2020       2021        2020

Non-derivatives
Trade payables                                        150.7         121.2          —             —            —             —      150.7     121.2      150.7      121.2
Accrued expenses                                      687.8         525.5        23.9          55.3           —             —      711.7     580.8      711.7      580.8
Borrowings                                              7.0           7.0     3,229.1       3,236.2           —             —    3,236.1   3,243.2    3,236.1    3,243.2
Borrowings - interest payments                         82.0          85.2       157.0         256.0           —             —      239.0     341.2         —          —
Lease liabilities                                      51.2          47.0       158.7         132.2        146.8         166.2     356.7     345.4      288.9      276.0
Progressive jackpot liabilities                        19.9          26.3         1.1           1.5          1.0           1.0      22.0      28.8       22.0       28.8
Total non-derivatives                                 998.6         812.2     3,569.8       3,681.2        147.8         167.2   4,716.2   4,660.6    4,409.4    4,250.0

Derivatives
Net settled (interest rate swaps)                         1.7          2.0        31.6         61.7             —           —      33.3      63.7       33.3        63.7
Gross settled (forward foreign
exchange contracts)
– (inflow)                                           (205.8)        (15.7)            —            —            —           —    (205.8)     (15.7)   (205.8)       (15.7)
– outflow                                             208.0          15.3             —            —            —           —     208.0       15.3     208.0         15.3
Total outflow/(inflow)                                    2.2         (0.4)           —            —            —           —        2.2      (0.4)       2.2        (0.4)

Total derivatives                                         3.9          1.6        31.6         61.7             —           —      35.5      63.3       35.5        63.3

c.    Foreign currency risk
The carrying amounts of the Group’s current and non-current receivables are denominated in the following currencies:
                                                                                                                                                                Restated
                                                                                                                                               2021                2020
                                                                                                                                                $’m                  $’m
US dollars                                                                                                                                    608.4                527.4
Australian dollars                                                                                                                            171.6                150.5
Other 1                                                                                                                                        77.3                 71.1
Total carrying amount                                                                                                                         857.3                749.0

The carrying amounts of the Group’s current and non-current payables are denominated in the following currencies:
                                                                                                                                                                Restated
                                                                                                                                               2021                2020
                                                                                                                                                $’m                  $’m
US dollars                                                                                                                                    665.8                537.2
Australian dollars                                                                                                                            142.5                121.3
Other 1                                                                                                                                        54.1                 43.5
Total carrying amount                                                                                                                         862.4                702.0

1. Other refers to a basket of currencies (including Euro, Pound Sterling, Israeli New Shekel and New Zealand Dollar).




                                                                                                                                                                         93
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

     3. Capital and financial structure continued
     3.6 Capital and financial risk management continued
     d. Credit risk
     The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of receivables mentioned above.
     Refer above for more information on the risk management policy of the Group. The Group holds guarantees over the debts of certain
     customers. The value of debtor balances over which guarantees are held is detailed below:

                                                                                                                                                  2021             2020
                                                                                                                                                   $’m              $’m
     Trade receivables with guarantees                                                                                                            11.5             13.6
     Trade receivables without guarantees                                                                                                        648.7            589.4
     Total trade receivables                                                                                                                     660.2            603.0

     e.    Forward exchange contracts
     The Group enters into derivatives in the form of forward exchange contracts to hedge foreign currency denominated receivables and also
     to manage the purchase of foreign currency denominated inventory and capital items. The following table provides information as at 30
     September 2021 on the net fair value of the Group’s existing foreign exchange hedge contracts:

                                                                                                         Weighted           Maturity profile 1             Net fair value
                                                                                                          average    1 year or less       1 to 7 year(s)      gain/(loss) 2
     Currency pair                                                                                   exchange rate              $’m                $’m                $’m
     AUD/EUR                                                                                               0.6261            12.6                    —              (0.1)
     AUD/USD                                                                                               0.7309           188.8                    —              (1.9)
     AUD/ZAR                                                                                              11.8854             1.6                    —              (0.2)
     AUD/NZD                                                                                               1.0465             2.8                    —                —
     Total                                                                                                                  205.8                    —               (2.2)

     1. The foreign base amounts are converted at the prevailing period end exchange rate to AUD equivalents.
     2. The net fair value of the derivatives above is included in financial assets/(liabilities).




94 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

3. Capital and financial structure continued
3.6 Capital and financial risk management continued
f.   Fair value measurements
This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are recognised
and measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair
value, the Group has classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of
each level follows below the table.
                                                   Level 1                  Level 2                  Level 3                       Total
                                                    $’m                      $’m                      $’m                           $’m
                                                2021         2020         2021        2020        2021         2020             2021          2020

Assets
Convertible bond                                   —            —          3.5         2.1           —           —               3.5            2.1
Derivatives used for hedging                       —            —           —          0.4           —           —                —             0.4
Total assets at the end of the year                —            —          3.5         2.5           —           —               3.5            2.5

Liabilities
Interest rate swap contracts                       —            —         33.3        63.7          —            —             33.3           63.7
Derivatives used for hedging                       —            —          2.2          —           —            —              2.2             —
Contingent consideration                           —            —           —           —         20.4           —             20.4             —
Total liabilities at the end of the year           —            —         35.5        63.7        20.4           —             55.9           63.7


Fair value hierarchy levels   Definition                                   Valuation technique

Level 1                       The fair value is determined using the       The Group did not have any Level 1 financial instruments at the
                              unadjusted quoted market price in            end of the current and prior reporting periods.
                              an active market for similar assets or
                              liabilities.


Level 2                       The fair value is calculated using           Derivatives used for hedging are valued using forward exchange
                              predominantly observable market data         rates at the balance sheet date. Interest rate swap contracts are
                              other than unadjusted quoted prices for      valued using the present value of estimated future cashflows
                              an identical asset or liability.             based on observable yield curves. The convertible bond is
                                                                           not material.


Level 3                       The fair value is calculated using inputs    The fair value of contingent consideration is based on
                              that are not based on observable             provisional forecasts of the performance of the entity subject to
                              market data.                                 earn-out payments.

There were no transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy and no changes to the valuation techniques applied since 30 September
2020. The carrying amount of financial instruments not measured at fair value approximates fair value.

3.7 Net debt reconciliation
This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt.
                                                                                                                        2021                  2020
Net debt                                                                                                                 $’m                   $’m
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         2,431.6                   1,675.7
Current borrowings                                                                                                   (7.0)                     (7.0)
Non-current borrowings                                                                                           (3,229.1)                 (3,236.2)
Net debt                                                                                                              (804.5)              (1,567.5)

Net debt - opening balance                                                                                       (1,567.5)                 (2,223.7)
Net increase in cash per cash flow statement                                                                        760.7                   1,132.6
Debt repayments                                                                                                       6.7                     217.7
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                               —                     (869.3)
Amortisation of borrowing costs                                                                                      (8.5)                     (6.4)
Foreign exchange movements                                                                                            4.1                     181.6
Net debt - end of year                                                                                                (804.5)              (1,567.5)




                                                                                                                                                  95
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

4. Group structure
    This section explains significant aspects of the Group structure, including its controlled entities and how changes affect the Group
    structure. It provides information on business acquisitions and disposals made during the current and prior financial years and the
    impact they had on the Group’s financial performance and position.
    4.1 Subsidiaries
    4.2 Business combinations


4.1 Subsidiaries
The principal controlled entities of the Group are listed below. These were wholly owned during the current and prior year, unless
otherwise stated:

Controlled entities                                                                                                     Country of incorporation
Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Ltd                                                                                               Australia
Aristocrat International Pty Ltd                                                                                              Australia and USA
Aristocrat Technologies, Inc.                                                                                                                USA
Video Gaming Technologies, Inc.                                                                                                              USA
Product Madness Inc.                                                                                                                         USA
Big Fish Games Inc.                                                                                                                          USA
Aristocrat Technologies Canada Inc.                                                                                                      Canada
Plarium Global Limited                                                                                                                     Israel
Futureplay Oy (from August 2021)                                                                                                         Finland
Aristocrat Technologies Macau Limited                                                                                                     Macau
Aristocrat Technologies NZ Limited                                                                                                New Zealand
Aristocrat Technologies Europe Limited                                                                                                        UK
Aristocrat Technologies Mexico, S.A. DE C.V.                                                                                             Mexico
Aristocrat Service Mexico, S.A. DE C.V.                                                                                                  Mexico
AI (Puerto Rico) Pty Limited                                                                                                            Australia
Aristocrat (Argentina) Pty Limited                                                                                                      Australia
Aristocrat Technologies India Private Ltd                                                                                                   India
Product Madness (UK) Limited                                                                                                                  UK
Playsoft SAS (from August 2021)                                                                                                           France
Aristocrat Technologies Spain S.L.                                                                                                         Spain


4.2 Business combinations
During the year Futureplay Oy (‘Futureplay’) and Playsoft SAS (‘Playsoft’) were acquired to expand the Digital segment. Futureplay is a free
to play mobile gaming studio, specialising in casual games. Playsoft is a mobile gaming studio specialising in the social casino genre.
Based on provisional accounting, the acquisition price for Futureplay was $87.0m and Playsoft $15.7m. Goodwill of $62.3m for
Futureplay and $13.3m for Playsoft was recognised. The acquisition price for Futureplay includes fixed consideration of $66.1m and an
earn-out estimate of $20.4m.
These acquisitions did not have a significant impact on the results for the year ended 30 September 2021.




96 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

5. Employee benefits
   This section provides a breakdown of the various programs the Group uses to reward and recognise employees and key executives,
   including Key Management Personnel.
   5-1 Key management personnel
   5-2 Share-based payments


5.1 Key management personnel
Key management personnel compensation
Key management personnel includes all Non-Executive Directors, the Executive Director and Senior Executives who were responsible
for the overall planning, directing and controlling of activities of the Group. During the year ended 30 September 2021, 4 Executives
(2020: 4 Executives) were designated as key management personnel.
                                                                                                                   2021               2020
                                                                                                                      $                  $
Short-term employee benefits                                                                                11,906,041          6,108,715
Post-employment benefits                                                                                        98,527            105,090
Long-term benefits                                                                                              53,726             35,969
Share-based payments                                                                                        15,315,139          6,984,382
Key management personnel compensation                                                                       27,373,433         13,234,156

Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report.

5.2 Share-based payments
The Remuneration Report, presented in the Directors’ Report, also provides detailed disclosure on share-based payments.

Plan                     Description                                                          Share rights outstanding at the end of the year

Performance              A long-term employee share scheme that provides for eligible                                            1,367,693
Share Plan               employees to be offered conditional entitlements to fully paid                                   (2020: 1,312,437)
(‘PSP’)                  ordinary shares in the parent entity (‘Performance Share Rights’).
                         Performance Share Rights issued under the PSP are identical in
                         all respects other than performance conditions and periods.

Key Employee             Certain eligible employees are offered incentives of share rights                                         673,795
Equity Program           that are based on individual performance, subject to continued                                   (2020: 1,059,153)
                         employment for two years. These rights are subject to the
                         respective employees remaining with the Group until October 2021.

Aristocrat Equity        Certain eligible employees are offered incentives of share                                             1,246,908
Scheme Offer             rights that are based on individual performance, subject to                                            (2020: Nil)
                         continued employment. These rights are subject to the respective
                         employees remaining with the Group until October 2021, October
                         2022, and October 2023.

Deferred                 Upon the vesting of short-term incentives, Executives receive                                             36,405
Short-Term               the incentives as 50% cash, with 50% deferred as Performance                                      (2020: 107,798)
Incentive Plan           Share Rights.

Special grants           Contractual share rights are granted to retain key employees                                          1,430,457
                         from time to time across the Group, including after acquisitions,                                 (2020: 669,770)
                         subject to continued employment.




                                                                                                                                           97
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

5. Employee benefits continued
5.2 Share-based payments continued
a.    Share-based payments expense
Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised during the year as part of employee benefits expense were
as follows:
                                                                                                                      2021              2020
                                                                                                                       $’m               $’m
Performance Share Plan                                                                                                 9.9                9.5
Key Employee Equity Program                                                                                           10.2               15.7
Aristocrat Equity Scheme Offer                                                                                        20.3                 —
Deferred Short-Term Incentive Plan                                                                                     0.7                1.9
Special grants                                                                                                        25.1                7.3
Total share-based payments expense                                                                                    66.2               34.4

Recognition and measurement
The fair value of rights granted is recognised as an employee benefits expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount
to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the rights granted, which includes any market performance conditions
and the impact of non-vesting conditions but excludes the impact of any individual performance based and non-market performance
vesting conditions.
Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of rights that are expected to vest. The total expense is
recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each
period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of rights that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting conditions. It
recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.
Shares issued through the Aristocrat Employee Equity Plan Trust continue to be recognised in the share-based payments reserve in
equity. Similarly, treasury shares acquired by the Aristocrat Employee Equity Plan Trust are recorded in share-based payments trust
reserves. Information relating to these shares is disclosed in Note 3-3.
The market value of shares issued to employees for no cash consideration under the General Employee Share Plan is recognised as
an employee benefits expense with a corresponding increase in reserves.




98 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

5. Employee benefits continued
5.2 Share-based payments continued
b. Performance Share Plan (‘PSP’)
Accounting fair value of Performance Share Rights granted
The assessed accounting fair values of Performance Share Rights granted during the financial years ended 30 September 2021 and
30 September 2020 are as follows:
                                                                                                           Accounting             Accounting
Timing of                Performance           Performance                Performance                      valuation                valuation
grant of rights          period start date     period expiry date         condition                        date                             ($)
                                                                          TSR                                                           25.78
2021 financial year      1 October 2020        30 September 2023          EPSG                             16 April 2021                35.69
                                                                          Individual performance                                        35.69


                                                                          TSR                                                           23.88
                                                                          EPSG                             29 January 2020              34.19
                                                                          Individual performance                                        34.19
2020 financial year      1 October 2019        30 September 2022
                                                                          TSR                                                           26.56
                                                                          EPSG                             20 February 2020             36.17
                                                                          Individual performance                                        36.17

The accounting valuation represents the independent valuation of each tranche of Performance Share Rights at their respective grant
dates. The valuations have been performed by Deloitte using Total Shareholder Return (‘TSR’), Earnings Per Share Growth (‘EPSG’) and
individual performance condition models. Performance Share Rights with a market vesting condition (for example, TSR) incorporates
the likelihood that the vesting condition will be met. The accounting valuation of Performance Share Rights with a non-market vesting
condition (for example, EPSG) does not take into account the likelihood that the vesting condition will be met.
i. Total Shareholder Return (‘TSR’) model
Deloitte has developed a Monte-Carlo Simulation-based model which simulates the path of the share price according to a probability
distribution assumption. The pricing model incorporates the impact of performance hurdles and the vesting scale on the value of the
share rights. The model considers the Relative TSR hurdles to be market hurdles and any individual performance conditions attached to
the Relative TSR rights are not used in the determination of the fair value of the rights at the valuation date. This pricing model takes into
account such factors as the Company’s share price at the date of grant, volatility of the underlying share price, expected dividend yield,
risk free rate of return and time to maturity.
ii. Earnings Per Share Growth (‘EPSG’) model, individual performance condition
Deloitte has utilised a Black-Scholes-Merton model to determine the fair value of share rights. This pricing model takes into account such
factors as the Company’s share price at the date of grant, volatility of the underlying share price, expected dividend yield, risk-free rate of
return and time to maturity.
The accounting valuation of the rights has been allocated equally over the vesting period.
The model inputs for share rights granted during the year ended 30 September 2021 and year ended 30 September 2020 included:
Input                                                                                                     Consideration
Share rights granted                                                                     Zero consideration and have a three year life.

                                                                                          2021                            2020
Grant date                                                                            16 April 2021     29 January 2020     20 February 2020
Share price at grant date                                                                   $37.12               $35.74               $37.69
Price volatility of Company’s shares                                                         40.1%                25.4%                25.5%
Dividend yield                                                                                 1.5%                1.6%                 1.5%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                        0.3%                0.7%                 0.7%

The expected price volatility is based on the historical volatility of the share price of the Company due to the long-term nature of the
underlying share rights.




                                                                                                                                             99
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

5. Employee benefits continued
5.2 Share-based payments continued
Performance Share Rights are detailed in the tables below:
Consolidated - 2021
                                                                      New rights    Rights      Rights       Rights at
                                 Performance period      Rights at       issues     vested      lapsed     end of year
Grant date                       expiry date          start of year     Number     Number      Number         Number
27 April 2018                    30 September 2020        324,993             —    (223,414)   (101,579)           —
22 March 2019                    30 September 2021        333,346             —           —     (34,803)     298,543
29 January 2020                  30 September 2022        508,785             —           —     (53,007)     455,778
20 February 2020                 30 September 2022        145,313             —           —           —      145,313
16 April 2021                    30 September 2023              —       468,059           —           —      468,059
                                                        1,312,437       468,059    (223,414)   (189,389)   1,367,693

Consolidated - 2020
                                                                      New rights    Rights      Rights       Rights at
                                 Performance period      Rights at       issues     vested      lapsed     end of year
Grant date                       expiry date          start of year     Number     Number      Number         Number
28 March 2017                    30 September 2019        216,672             —    (216,672)          —            —
27 April 2018                    30 September 2020        415,180             —           —     (90,187)     324,993
22 March 2019                    30 September 2021        441,250             —           —    (107,904)     333,346
29 January 2020                  30 September 2022              —       603,849           —     (95,064)     508,785
20 February 2020                 30 September 2022              —       145,313           —           —      145,313
                                                        1,073,102       749,162    (216,672)   (293,155)   1,312,437




100 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

6. Other disclosures
     This section provides details on other required disclosures relating to the Group to comply with the accounting standards and
     other pronouncements.
     6.1   Commitments and contingencies
     6.2   Events occurring after reporting date
     6.3   Remuneration of auditors
     6.4   Related parties
     6.5   Parent entity financial information
     6.6   Deed of cross guarantee
     6.7   Basis of preparation


6.1 Commitments and contingencies
a.     Commitments
                                                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                                                          $’m               $’m

Capital commitments
Capital expenditure contracted for at the reporting date but not recognised as liabilities:
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                             6.1                0.9

b. Contingent liabilities
The Group and parent entity may have contingent liabilities at 30 September 2021 in respect of the following matters:
i. a contingent liability may exist in relation to certain guarantees and indemnities given in the ordinary course of business by the Group;
ii. controlled entities within the Group are and become parties to various legal actions in the ordinary course of business and from time to
    time. The Directors consider that any liabilities arising from this type of legal action are unlikely to have a material adverse effect on the
    Group;
iii. controlled entities within the Group may become parties to various legal actions concerning intellectual property claims. Intellectual
     property claims can include challenges to the Group’s patents on various products or processes and/or assertions of infringement of
     third party patents.
     Most intellectual property claims involve highly complex issues. Often, these issues are subject to substantial uncertainties and
     therefore the probability of damages, if any, being sustained and an estimate of the amount of damages is difficult to ascertain. Based
     on the information currently available, the Directors consider that there are no current claims likely to have a material adverse effect on
     the Group; and
iv. Aristocrat Leisure Limited, Aristocrat International Pty Ltd, Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Ltd, Aristocrat (Holdings) Pty Limited,
    Aristocrat (Asia) Pty Limited, Aristocrat (Macau) Pty Limited, Aristocrat Technologies Holdings Pty Limited, System 7000 Pty Limited
    and Aristocrat Technical Services Pty Limited are parties to a deed of cross guarantee which has been lodged with and approved by the
    Australian Securities & Investments Commission as discussed in Note 6-6.

6.2 Events occurring after reporting date
In October 2021 the Group announced the proposed acquisition of Playtech plc by way of a scheme of arrangement for an equity value
of $3.9 billion and estimated enterprise value of $5.0 billion. An equity raising of $1.3 billion was also announced to assist in funding
the proposed acquisition, which has been successfully completed with 31,079,144 new shares issued. Playtech plc is a leading global
gambling software and content supplier registered in the Isle of Man. The proposed acquisition is subject to conditions, including
regulatory approvals and Playtech plc obtaining shareholder approval.
Other than the above, there has not arisen in the interval between the end of the year and the date of this report any item, transaction or
event of a material and unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the Directors of the Company, to affect significantly the operations of the
Group, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Group, in future financial reporting periods.
Refer to Note 1-6 for information regarding dividends declared after reporting date.




                                                                                                                                               101
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

6. Other disclosures continued
6.3 Remuneration of auditors
During the year, the following fees were paid or payable to the auditor of the parent entity, PricewaterhouseCoopers and its related practices:
                                                                                                                        2021              2020
Audit or review of financial reports                                                                                       $                 $
Australia                                                                                                         1,327,507          1,607,806
Overseas                                                                                                          2,268,492          2,473,131
Total remuneration for audit/review services                                                                      3,595,999          4,080,937

Tax and advisory services
Australia                                                                                                                 —            111,437
Overseas                                                                                                            146,450            945,040
Total remuneration for advisory services                                                                            146,450          1,056,477

It is the Group’s policy to employ PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) on low value assignments additional to their statutory audit duties
where PwC’s expertise and experience with the Group are important.

6.4 Related parties
a.    Other transactions with key management personnel
There were no other related party transactions aside from disclosures under key management personnel. Refer to Note 5-1.

b. Subsidiaries
Interests in subsidiaries are set out in Note 4-1.

6.5 Parent entity financial information
a.    Summary financial information
The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:
                                                                                                                        2021              2020
                                                                                                                         $’m               $’m

Balance sheet
Current assets                                                                                                         42.0               78.1
Total assets                                                                                                       12,224.3           12,356.9

Current liabilities                                                                                                     36.4             173.0
Total liabilities                                                                                                       36.4             173.0
Net assets                                                                                                         12,187.9           12,183.9

Shareholders’ equity
Contributed equity                                                                                                    715.1              715.1
Reserves                                                                                                              284.9              218.7
Retained profits                                                                                                   11,187.9           11,250.1
Total equity                                                                                                       12,187.9           12,183.9

Profit for the year after tax                                                                                           97.4             206.0
Total comprehensive income after tax                                                                                    97.4             206.0

b. Guarantees entered into by the parent entity
Cross guarantees given by the parent entity are set out in Note 6-6.

c.    Contingent liabilities of the parent entity
Contingent liabilities of the parent entity are set out in Note 6-1.

Recognition and measurement
The financial information for the parent entity, Aristocrat Leisure Limited, disclosed above has been prepared on the same basis as the
consolidated financial statements, except for investments in subsidiaries where they are accounted for at cost less impairment charges
in the financial statements of Aristocrat Leisure Limited.




102 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

6. Other disclosures continued
6.6 Deed of cross guarantee
Pursuant to ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/785, the wholly owned subsidiaries listed below are relieved from the Corporations
Act 2001 requirements for preparation, audit and lodgement of a financial report and Directors’ Report.
It is a condition of the Instrument that the Company and each of the participating subsidiaries enter into a Deed of Cross Guarantee
(Deed). The effect of the Deed, dated 28 August 2019, is that the Company guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in the
event of winding up of any of the participating subsidiaries under certain provisions of the Corporations Act. If a winding up occurs under
other provisions of the Corporations Act, the Company will only be liable in the event that after six months, any creditor has not been paid
in full. The subsidiaries have also given similar guarantees in the event the Company is wound up.
The subsidiaries subject to the Deed are:
– Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Limited
– Aristocrat International Pty Limited
– Aristocrat (Asia) Pty Limited
– Aristocrat (Macau) Pty Limited
– Aristocrat (Holdings) Pty Limited
– Aristocrat Technologies Holdings Pty Limited
– System 7000 Pty Limited
– Aristocrat Technical Services Pty Limited
The above named companies represent a Closed Group for the purposes of the Instrument, and as there are no other parties to the Deed
that are controlled by the Company, they also represent the Extended Closed Group.
Set out below is the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the Closed Group:
                                                                                                                                  Restated
                                                                                                                    2021             2020
                                                                                                                     $’m               $’m
Revenue                                                                                                            359.5             255.1
Other income from related parties                                                                                  447.6             145.6
Other income from non-related parties                                                                                1.3               2.8
Cost of revenue and other expenses                                                                                (214.2)           (139.3)
Employee benefits expense                                                                                         (188.0)           (151.2)
Finance costs                                                                                                       (9.5)            (12.7)
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                              (34.6)            (32.5)
Profit before income tax                                                                                           362.1              67.8
Income tax expense                                                                                                (101.6)            (39.9)
Profit for the year                                                                                                260.5              27.9

Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of interest rate hedge                                                                         0.2               1.3
Other comprehensive income net of tax                                                                                0.2               1.3
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                            260.7              29.2

Set out below is a summary of movements in consolidated retained earnings of the Closed Group:
Retained earnings at the beginning of the financial year                                                           814.0           1,025.1
Adjustment through opening retained earnings for change in accounting policy                                          —              (21.9)
Profit for the year                                                                                                260.5              27.9
Dividends paid                                                                                                    (159.4)           (217.1)
Retained earnings at the end of the financial year                                                                 915.1             814.0




                                                                                                                                         103
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

6. Other disclosures continued
6.6 Deed of cross guarantee continued
Set out below is the balance sheet of the Closed Group:
                                                                    Restated
                                                            2021       2020
                                                             $’m         $’m

Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                   72.9      101.0
Trade and other receivables                                 99.3       79.3
Inventories                                                 43.0       33.2
Other financial assets                                        —         0.4
Total current assets                                       215.2      213.9

Non-current assets
Trade and other receivables                                 256.0      189.5
Investments                                               1,378.3    1,375.8
Property, plant and equipment                                22.6       26.0
Right-of-use assets                                          24.8        9.7
Deferred tax assets                                          77.6       57.9
Intangible assets                                            51.3       55.6
Total non-current assets                                  1,810.6    1,714.5
Total assets                                              2,025.8    1,928.4

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                   199.1      142.1
Lease liabilities                                           11.1        7.4
Current tax liabilities                                    116.5      171.0
Provisions                                                  15.3       13.7
Deferred revenue and other liabilities                      18.5        8.4
Total current liabilities                                  360.5      342.6

Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                 281.0      280.7
Lease liabilities                                           28.0        4.7
Provisions                                                   8.3        8.0
Deferred revenue and other liabilities                       7.2        5.9
Total non-current liabilities                              324.5      299.3
Total liabilities                                          685.0      641.9
Net assets                                                1,340.8    1,286.5

Equity
Contributed equity                                         715.1       715.1
Reserves                                                  (289.4)     (242.6)
Retained earnings                                          915.1       814.0
Total equity                                              1,340.8    1,286.5




104 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

6. Other disclosures continued
6.7 Basis of preparation
Corporate information
Aristocrat Leisure Limited is a for-profit company incorporated and domiciled in Australia and limited by shares publicly traded on the
Australian Securities Exchange. This financial report covers the financial statements for the consolidated entity consisting of Aristocrat
Leisure Limited and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the Group). A description of the nature of the Group’s operations and its
principal activities is included in the Directors’ Report and the Operating and Financial Review. The financial report was authorised for
issue in accordance with a resolution of Directors on 18 November 2021.
The Group’s registered office and principal place of business is:
Aristocrat Leisure Limited Building A,
Pinnacle Office Park 85 Epping Road
North Ryde NSW 2113
Australia
The Group ensures that its corporate reporting is timely, complete and available globally. All press releases, financial statements, and
other information are available in the investor information section of the Company’s website: www.aristocrat.com

Basis of preparation
These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, other authoritative
pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the Corporations Act 2001. The report presents information on a historical cost
basis, except for financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments), which have been measured at fair value and for classes
of property, plant and equipment which have been measured at deemed cost. Amounts have been rounded off to the nearest whole
number of million dollars and one decimal place representing hundreds of thousands of dollars, or in certain cases, the nearest dollar
in accordance with the relief provided under the ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191 as
issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
Policies have been applied consistently for all years presented, unless otherwise stated. Refer below for changes in relation to cloud
computing software. Comparative information is reclassified where appropriate to enhance comparability. The financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis.

Significant assumptions relating to the impact of COVID-19
The Group continues to navigate volatility in the global operating environment as a result of COVID-19. Most of the Group’s Gaming
customers have been operating throughout the year and the Digital businesses remain largely unaffected by COVID-19. The magnitude
and length of time of the disruption to the Group requires continual assessment, and as a result, there continues to be estimation
uncertainty when preparing the financial statements. Based on the best information available at this time the Directors consider the most
significant assumptions that underpin forecast estimations, over management’s five year projection period, when preparing the financial
statements are:
– a rebound in consumer confidence in key gaming markets with the easing on lockdown restrictions;
– continued elevated demand for digital entertainment options; and
– that the recovery stage for the business from COVID-19 is not impacted by further significant closures of customer venues.
The key judgements and estimates that could be impacted if actual outcomes are different to these forecasts are:
– The recoverability of receivables;
– The saleability of inventories;
– Considerations of impairment of intangible assets; and
– The recoverability of deferred tax assets.

Principles of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of Aristocrat Leisure Limited (the Company) and its
subsidiaries as at 30 September 2021.
Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
control ceases. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the
entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all intercompany balances, transactions and unrealised gains have been eliminated.
Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
The Group has a trust to administer the Group’s employee share scheme. This trust is consolidated as it is controlled by the Group.




                                                                                                                                           105
Notes to the Financial Statements continued

6. Other disclosures continued
6.7 Basis of preparation continued
Foreign currency
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars. Items included in the financial statements of each of the
Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the functional
currency).
The results and financial position of foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars at the reporting date using the following
applicable exchange rates:

Foreign currency amount                      Applicable exchange rate
Income and expenses                          Average exchange rate
Assets and liabilities                       Reporting date
Equity                                       Historical date
Reserves                                     Historical date

Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from translation are recognised in the statement of profit or loss, except for qualifying cash
flow hedges which are deferred to equity.
Foreign exchange differences resulting from translation of foreign operations are initially recognised in the foreign currency translation
reserve and subsequently transferred to the profit or loss on disposal of the foreign operation.

New accounting standards and interpretations
The Group adopted all relevant new and amended accounting standards and interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting
Standards Board which are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 October 2020. The impact of these new
standards and interpretations is set out below:
IFRIC agenda decision relating to Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) arrangements
In April 2021, the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) issued an agenda decision on configuration and customisation costs in a cloud
computing arrangement. The decision clarifies the accounting treatment for SaaS arrangements, including whether configuration and
customisation costs relating to cloud computing arrangements is able to be recognised as an intangible asset, and if not over what time
period the costs are expensed. SaaS arrangements are service contracts providing the Group with the right to access the cloud provider’s
application software over the contract period. Costs incurred to configure or customise, and the ongoing fees to obtain access to the
cloud provider’s application software, are recognised as operating expenses when the services are received. Where costs incurred are for
the development of software code that enhances, modifies or creates additional capability to existing on-premise systems and meets the
recognition criteria, it is capitalised as an intangible asset.
Financial impact of changes in accounting policy
During the year ended 30 September 2021, the Group revised its accounting policy in relation to configuration and customisation costs
incurred in implementing software-as-a-service (SaaS) arrangements with cloud providers. The change has been applied retrospectively
and impacted the comparatives of the Group as follows:
– a decrease in retained earnings as at 1 October 2019 of $24.8m
– a decrease in intangible assets as at 30 September 2020 of $56.2m
– an increase in other receivables as at 30 September 2020 of $22.5m ($4.2m as current, and $18.3m as non-current)
– an increase in deferred tax assets as at 30 September 2020 of $8.9m
– a decrease in amortisation expenses for the year ended 30 September 2020 of $10.5m, with an offsetting increase in other operating
  expenses
– a decrease in operating cashflow by $4.3m, with an offsetting reduction in the outflow from investing activities.
Where relevant, comparative information has been restated throughout the financial statements.




106 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Directors’ Declaration
for the year ended 30 September 2021




In the Directors’ opinion:
a. the financial statements and notes set out on pages 62 to 106 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
  i. complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements;
 ii. giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 September 2021 and of its performance, for the year
     ended on that date; and
b. there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable; and
c. at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Extended Closed Group identified in
   Note 6-6 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross
   guarantee described in Note 6-6.
Note 6-7 confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board.
The Directors have been given declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer required
by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




Neil Chatfield
Chairman
Sydney,
18 November 2021




                                                                                                                                           107
Independent Auditor’s Report




                                   Independent auditor’s report
                                   To the members of Aristocrat Leisure Limited

                                   Report on the audit of the financial report

                                   Our opinion
                                   In our opinion:
                                   The accompanying financial report of Aristocrat Leisure Limited (the Company) and its controlled entities
                                   (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                        (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 September 2021 and of its financial
                                            performance for the year then ended
                                        (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                   What we have audited
                                   The Group consolidated financial report comprises:
                                   ●         the balance sheet as at 30 September 2021
                                   ●         the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then ended
                                   ●         the statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
                                   ●         the cash flow statement for the year then ended
                                   ●         the notes to the financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other explanatory
                                             information
                                   ●         the directors’ declaration .

                                   Basis for opinion
                                   We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                                   standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report section of our
                                   report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                                   opinion.

                                   Independence
                                   We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations
                                   Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code
                                   of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our
                                   audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
                                   with the Code.

                                   Our audit approach
                                   An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from material
                                   misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if individually or in
                                   aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the
                                   financial report.

                                       PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                       One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
                                       T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999
                                       Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
                                       T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999

                                       Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




108 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Independent Auditor’s Report continued




        We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the
        financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management structure of the Group, its
        accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.




         Materiality

         ●   For the purpose of our audit we used overall Group materiality of $46.8 million, which represents
             approximately 5% of the Group’s profit before tax.
         ●   We applied this threshold, together with qualitative considerations, to determine the scope of our audit
             and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements on
             the financial report as a whole.
         ●   We chose Group profit before tax because, in our view, it is the benchmark against which the performance
             of the Group is most commonly measured.
         ●   We utilised a 5% threshold based on our professional judgement, noting it is within the range of commonly
             acceptable thresholds.
         Audit Scope

         ●   Our audit focused on where the Group made subjective judgements; for example, significant accounting
             estimates involving assumptions and inherently uncertain future events.
         ●   The Group comprises entities located globally with the most financially significant operations being
             located in the United States of America (USA), Australia and Israel. Accordingly, we structured our audit
             as follows:
             -    The group audit was led by our team from PwC Australia (group audit team). The group audit team
                  completed audit procedures in respect of the special purpose financial information of operations in
                  Australia used to prepare consolidated financial statements.
             -    Under instruction from and on behalf of the group audit team, component auditors in the USA and
                  Israel performed audits of the respective special purpose financial information of businesses operating
                  from those locations used to prepare the consolidated financial statements.
         ●   The group audit team decided on the level of involvement needed in the work performed by the component
             auditors, to be satisfied that sufficient appropriate evidence had been obtained for the purpose of our
             opinion. Review of the work undertaken by the component teams and regular dialogue between the teams
             up to the reporting date, augmented the reporting provided by the component auditor. The group audit
             team also held meetings with local management of each financially significant operation.
         ●   The group audit team undertook the remaining audit procedures, including over significant financial
             statement items controlled at the Group level, the Group consolidation and the audit of the financial report
             and remuneration report.




                                                                                                                            109
Independent Auditor’s Report continued




                                  Key audit matters
                                  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
                                  the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                                  financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
                                  these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a particular audit procedure is made in that context.
                                  We communicated the key matters to the Audit Committee.

                                    Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                                                              matter

                                    Taxes
                                    (Refer to note 1-4)

                                    The Group operates globally and is subject to tax         In obtaining sufficient, appropriate audit evidence,
                                    regimes and tax legislation administered by tax           our procedures included, amongst others;
                                    authorities in a number of countries. Under the
                                    relevant legislation in certain territories some tax
                                                                                                  ●    evaluating the analyses conducted by the
                                    interpretations remain open to challenge for an
                                                                                                       Group to support significant judgements
                                    extended period.
                                                                                                       made in respect of the ultimate amounts
                                                                                                       expected to be paid to tax authorities and
                                    Taxes was a key audit matter due to the:                           determination of recognised and
                                                                                                       unrecognised deferred taxes;
                                         ●     complexity of tax legislation and the              ●    together with PwC Tax experts:
                                               significant judgements applied by the Group             o considering significant judgements
                                               to assess some tax treatments and calculate                  made by the Group in the application of
                                               associated tax; and                                          tax laws in significant jurisdictions
                                                                                                       o considering potential global tax risks
                                         ●     financial significance of taxes to the                       within the Group; and
                                               statement of profit or loss and other                   o reading correspondence between tax
                                               comprehensive income and to the balance                      authorities in significant territories and
                                               sheet.                                                       the Group's relevant tax advisors;
                                                                                                  ●    assessing the appropriateness of
                                                                                                       assumptions included in the Group’s models
                                                                                                       to support the treatment of deferred taxes
                                                                                                       and testing the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                                                                       models; and
                                                                                                  ●    evaluating the related financial statement
                                                                                                       disclosures for consistency with Australian
                                                                                                       Accounting Standards requirements.




110 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Independent Auditor’s Report continued




        Estimated recoverable amount of goodwill
        and indefinite life intangibles
        (Refer to note 2-3)
                                                                   We focused our efforts on developing an
        Under Australian Accounting Standards, the Group is        understanding and testing the overall calculation and
        required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived       methodology of the Group’s impairment assessment,
        intangible assets annually for impairment at the cash      including identification of the cash generating units
        generating unit (CGU) level. This assessment is            (CGUs) of the Group for the purposes of impairment
        inherently complex and requires judgement in               testing, and the attribution of assets, revenues and
        forecasting the operational cash flows and                 costs to those components.
        determining discount rates and growth rates used in
        the cash flow models (the models).                         In obtaining sufficient, appropriate audit evidence,
                                                                   our procedures included, amongst others:
        The recoverable amount of goodwill and other                   ● assessing the reasonableness of cash flow
        indefinite life intangible assets was a key audit matter            forecasts included in the models with
        given the:                                                          reference to historical earnings, Board
            ● financial significance of these intangible                    and/or management approved budgets and
                 assets to the statement of financial position;             forecasts;
                 and                                                   ● testing the mathematical calculations within
            ● judgement applied by the Group in                             the models;
                 completing and concluding on the                      ● assessing the appropriateness of the
                 impairment assessment.                                     discount rates and terminal value growth
                                                                            rates, with the assistance of PwC valuation
                                                                            experts;
                                                                       ● considering the sensitivity of the models by
                                                                            varying key assumptions, such as terminal
                                                                            growth rates and discount rates, within a
                                                                            reasonably possible range; and
                                                                       ● evaluating the related financial statement
                                                                            disclosures for consistency with Australian
                                                                            Accounting Standards requirements.


        Revenue from contracts with customers
        (Refer to note 1-2)                                        In obtaining sufficient, appropriate audit evidence,
                                                                   our procedures included, amongst others:
        The recognition of revenue from contracts with                 ● consideration and assessment of the Group’s
        customers was a key audit matter given the:                         accounting policy in line with the
            ● financial significance of revenue to the                      requirements of the applicable Australian
                statement of profit or loss and other                       Accounting Standard, AASB 15 Revenue
                comprehensive income; and                                   from Contracts with Customers;
            ● complexity of some contractual                           ● testing, for a sample of customer contracts,
                arrangements and diversity of revenue                       whether revenue had been recorded at the
                streams.                                                    correct amount and in the correct financial
                                                                            period, in accordance with the Group’s
                                                                            revenue recognition policy. This included
                                                                            assessing whether:
                                                                                 ● evidence of an underlying
                                                                                      arrangement with the customer
                                                                                      existed




                                                                                                                           111
Independent Auditor’s Report continued




                                                                                                             ●   appropriate performance
                                                                                                                 obligations and consideration had
                                                                                                                 been identified
                                                                                                             ● amounts allocated to the
                                                                                                                 performance obligations were made
                                                                                                                 with reference to their standalone
                                                                                                                 selling prices, where relevant; and
                                                                                                             ● the timing of revenue recognition
                                                                                                                 had been appropriately considered
                                                                                                                 and recognised at the appropriate
                                                                                                                 time
                                                                                                   ●    evaluating the related financial statement
                                                                                                        disclosures for consistency with Australian
                                                                                                        Accounting Standards requirements.



                                  Other information
                                  The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
                                  included in the annual report for the year ended 30 September 2021, but does not include the financial report and
                                  our auditor’s report thereon. Prior to the date of this auditor's report, the other information we obtained included
                                  the Directors' Report and Operating and Financial Review. We expect the remaining other information to be made
                                  available to us after the date of this auditor's report. Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other
                                  information and we do not and will not express an opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                                  In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
                                  doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our
                                  knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
                                  performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that
                                  there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
                                  report in this regard.

                                  When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein,
                                  we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and use our professional judgement to determine the
                                  appropriate action to take.

                                  Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                                  The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair
                                  view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal
                                  control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
                                  and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                  In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as
                                  a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
                                  accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
                                  alternative but to do so.




112 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Independent Auditor’s Report continued




        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
        material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
        with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
        can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
        reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing and
        Assurance Standards Board website at: https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This
        description forms part of our auditor's report.

        Report on the remuneration report

        Our opinion on the remuneration report
        We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 32 to 57 of the directors’ report for the year ended 30
        September 2021.

        In our opinion, the remuneration report of Aristocrat Leisure Limited for the year ended 30 September 2021
        complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

        Responsibilities
        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration report in
        accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
        remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




        PricewaterhouseCoopers




        Mark Dow                                                                                           Sydney
        Partner                                                                                   18 November 2021




                                                                                                                             113
Shareholder Information
Distribution of Equity Securities as at 17 November 2021
                                                  Holders of           Number of                    % of
                                                Performance          Performance            Performance                   Holders              Number                   % of
Size of holding                                 Share Rights 1       Share Rights 1         Share Rights                of shares 2          of shares 2       issued capital
1 – 1,000                                              1,069              149,121                   3.990                  34,318         10,463,701                    1.560
1,001 – 5,000                                            310              654,263                  17.530                   8,251         16,731,497                    2.500
5,001 – 10,000                                            47              325,213                   8.710                     913          6,244,427                    0.930
10,001 – 100,000                                          43            1,204,983                  32.280                     501         10,520,798                    1.570
100,001 – over                                             6            1,399,132                  37.480                      75        625,662,871                   93.440
Total                                                  1,475            3,732,712                100.000                   44,058        669,623,294                 100.000
Less than a marketable parcel
of $500.00                                                145                   837              0.02242                      709                 2,129              0.00032
1. All share rights are allocated under the Company’s incentive and share purchase programs to take up ordinary shares in the capital of the Company. These share rights are
   subject to the rules of the relevant program and are unquoted and non-transferable.
2. Fully paid ordinary shares (excludes unvested performance share rights that have not been converted into shares).


Substantial Shareholders as at 17 November 2021
As at 17 November 2021, the following shareholders were registered by the Company as a substantial shareholder, having notified the
Company of a relevant interest in accordance with Section 671B of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), in the voting shares below:

                                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                                          ordinary               % of                  Date of
Name of shareholder                                                                                                    shares held      issued capital                  notice
State Street Corporation                                                                                               33,406,402                5.06%           8/11/2021
Blackrock Group                                                                                                        38,342,681                6.00%          31/08/2020
AustralianSuper Pty Ltd                                                                                                32,265,043                5.05%          27/07/2020

Twenty largest Ordinary Shareholders as at 17 November 2021
                                                                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                                                                              ordinary               % issued
Name of shareholder                                                                                                                        shares held                capital
HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                                                239,128,449                 35.711%
JP MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                                                 139,308,859                 20.804%
CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                                             81,143,774                 12.118%
BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                                              39,477,417                  5.895%
NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                                                 32,518,146                  4.856%
WRITEMAN PTY LIMITED                                                                                                                      26,718,518                  3.990%
THUNDERBIRDS ARE GO PTY LTD                                                                                                               15,977,667                  2.386%
ARMINELLA PTY LIMITED                                                                                                                     15,301,938                  2.285%
ECA 1 PTY LIMITED                                                                                                                          8,712,171                  1.301%
MAAKU PTY LIMITED                                                                                                                          5,284,127                  0.789%
UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                                                       4,096,384                  0.612%
ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                                                   3,473,787                  0.519%
MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                                                       1,945,115                  0.290%
NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                                              1,626,708                  0.243%
ABN AMRO CLEARING SYDNEY NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                                  1,184,204                  0.177%
AMP LIFE LIMITED                                                                                                                           1,032,230                  0.154%
BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD                                                                                                                    822,478                  0.123%
CERTANE CT PTY LTD                                                                                                                           813,187                  0.121%
MERRILL LYNCH (AUSTRALIA) NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                               737,111                  0.110%
AVANTEOS INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                                                 671,094                  0.100%




114 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
Shareholder Information continued
Voting Rights                                                        Dividends
At meetings of shareholders, each shareholder may vote in person     Electronic Funds Transfer
or by proxy, attorney or (if the shareholder is a body corporate)
                                                                     The Company has a mandatory direct payment of dividends
corporate representative. On a show of hands, every person
                                                                     program for all shareholders who were requested to complete and
present who is a shareholder or a representative of a shareholder
                                                                     submit Direct Credit payment instructions with the Company’s
has one vote and on a poll every shareholder present in person
                                                                     share registrar. Shareholders who have not submitted valid
or by proxy or attorney has one vote for each fully paid ordinary
                                                                     Direct Credit payment instructions will receive a notice from the
share. Performance share right holders have no voting rights.
                                                                     Company’s share registrar advising that:

Regulatory Considerations Affecting Shareholders                     i. the relevant dividend amount is being held as direct credit
                                                                        instructions have not been received;
Aristocrat Leisure Limited and its subsidiaries could be subject
to disciplinary action by gaming authorities in some jurisdictions   ii. the relevant dividend will be credited to the nominated bank
if, after receiving notice that a person is unsuitable to be a           account as soon as possible on receipt of direct credit
shareholder, that person continues to be a shareholder. Because of       instructions; and
the importance of licensing to the Company and its subsidiaries,     iii. no interest is payable on the dividend being withheld.
the Constitution contains provisions that may require shareholders
                                                                     Such notices are sent to shareholders who have not completed
to provide information and also gives the Company powers to
                                                                     and submitted a Direct Credit of Dividends instructions on the
divest or require divestiture of shares, suspend voting rights and
                                                                     record date of the relevant dividend.
withhold payments of certain amounts to shareholders or other
persons who may be unsuitable.                                       Dividend Reinvestment Plan
                                                                     The Directors consider whether the Company’s Dividend Reinvestment
Shareholder Enquiries                                                Plan (DRP) should operate each time a dividend is declared.
You can access information about Aristocrat Leisure Limited
and your holdings via the internet. Aristocrat’s website,            The DRP Rules and the ‘Dividend Reinvestment Plan Application or
www.aristocrat.com, has the latest information on Company            Variation Form’ are available from the Company’s share registrar,
announcements, presentations and reports. Shareholders               Boardroom Limited on 1300 737 760 (in Australia), or +61 2 9290
may also communicate with the Company via its website. In            9600 (international) or email enquiries@boardroomlimited.com.au
addition, there is a link to the Australian Securities Exchange
                                                                     Shareholders should note that: (i) Shareholders who elect to
to provide current share prices. The share registry manages all
                                                                     participate in the DRP and who do not revoke their elections
your shareholding details. Visit www.boardroomlimited.com.au
                                                                     will automatically participate on the next occasion the DRP is
and access a wide variety of holding information, make changes
                                                                     activated; (ii) the fact that the DRP operated in respect of any
to your holding record and download forms. You can access
                                                                     dividend does not necessarily mean that the DRP will operate
this information via a security login using your Securityholder
                                                                     in respect of any further dividends (a separate decision is made
Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN).
                                                                     for each dividend); and (iii) when the DRP does operate, the DRP
                                                                     rules provide that the number of shares that DRP participants will
                                                                     receive will not be determinable on the Record Date determined by
                                                                     the Board.




                                                                                                                                        115
Corporate Directory

Directors                                             Latin America
Neil Chatfield                                        Aristocrat Technologies Mexico, S.A. DE C.V.
                                                      Av. Paseo de las Palmas 425 Piso 14
Non-Executive Chairman
                                                      Col. Lomas de Chapultepec
Trevor Croker                                         México, CDMX 11000
Chief Executive Officer and
                                                      Telephone:+52 55 5282 4800
Managing Director
Kathleen Conlon                                       Asia
                                                      Macau
Non-Executive Director
                                                      Aristocrat Technologies Macau Limited
Philippe Etienne
                                                      17th Floor, Hotline Centre 335-341 Alameda Drive
Non-Executive Director
                                                      Carlos d’ Assumpcao Macau
Arlene Tansey
                                                      Telephone: + 853 2872 2777
Non-Executive Director
                                                      India
Sylvia Summers Couder
                                                      Aristocrat Technologies India Private Ltd
Non-Executive Director
                                                      Express Trade Towers-I, FC-15-16, 7th Floor, Sector 16A, Film
Pat Ramsey
                                                      City, Noida-201 301, Gautam Budh Nagar, (U.P.) India
Non-Executive Director
                                                      Europe
Company Secretary                                     Great Britain
Kristy Jo                                             Aristocrat Technologies Europe Limited
                                                      25 Riverside Way Uxbridge Middlesex UB8 2YF U.K.
Global Headquarters                                   Telephone: + 44 1895 618 500
Aristocrat Leisure Limited
                                                      Product Madness (U.K.) Limited
Building A, Pinnacle Office Park,
85 Epping Road                                        6th Floor, 1 Finsbury Avenue
North Ryde NSW 2113 Australia                         London EC2M 2PF U.K.
Telephone: + 61 2 9013 6300                           Telephone: +44 (0)20 8099 9996
Facsimile: + 61 2 9013 6200                           Israel
Australia                                             Plarium Global Limited
Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Limited         2 Abba Eban Blvd Herzliya, Israel
Building A, Pinnacle Office Park,                     Telephone: + 972 9 9540211
85 Epping Road
North Ryde NSW 2113 Australia                         Investor Contacts
Telephone: + 61 2 9013 6300                           Share Registry Boardroom Limited
                                                      Grosvenor Place, Level 12, 225 George Street
New Zealand                                           Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
Aristocrat Technologies NZ Limited
Unit E, 7 Echelon Place, Highbrook                    Telephone: 1300 737 760 (in Australia)
Auckland 2013 New Zealand                             Telephone: +61 2 9290 9600 (international)

Telephone: +649 259 2000                              Email: enquiries@boardroomlimited.com.au
                                                      Website: www.boardroomlimited.com.au
The Americas
North America                                         Auditor
Aristocrat Technologies Inc.                          PricewaterhouseCoopers
10220 Aristocrat Way                                  One International Towers Sydney Watermans Quay,
Las Vegas Nevada 89135 USA                            Barangaroo Sydney NSW 2001, Australia
Telephone: + 1 702 270 1000
                                                      Stock Exchange Listing
Video Gaming Technologies, Inc.
                                                      Aristocrat Leisure Limited
3401 Mallory Lane, Suite 300
                                                      Ordinary shares are listed on the
Franklin TN 37067-8369 USA
                                                      Australian Securities Exchange
Telephone: + 1 615 372 1000
                                                      Code: ALL
Big Fish Games, Inc.                                  Internet Site www.aristocrat.com
906 Alaskan Way
Seattle Washington 98104 USA                          Investor Email Address
                                                      Investors may send email queries to:
Telephone: + 1 206 213 5753
                                                      investor.relations@aristocrat.com




116 Aristocrat Leisure Limited | Annual Report 2021
117
