2018
ANNUAL REPORT
Genscript Biotech Corporation (the “Company” or “Genscript”, together with its subsidiaries referred to as the
“Group”) is a well-established global biotech company, which has consolidated its leading position in the gene
synthesis service market with recognized stature in synthetic biology application areas . The Company’s mission
is to “Make the Human and Nature Healthier through Biotechnology” by establishing a leading innovative protein
and antibody engineering platform and striving for opportune breakthroughs in the fields of cell and gene
therapies and industrial enzymes for the benefit of mankind.


The Group is a well-recognised life sciences research and application service and product provider that applies
its proprietary technology to various fields from basic life sciences research to translational biomedical
development, industrial synthetic products, and cell therapeutic solutions. The broad and integrated life
sciences research and application service and product portfolio comprises four segments that are all incubated
internally, deeply rooted in our proprietary gene synthesis technology and strongly supported by our advanced
protein and antibody engineering competence, namely, (i) bio-science services and products, (ii) biologics
development services, (iii) industrial synthetic biology products, and (iv) cell therapy. The bio-science services
and products are primarily used by scientists and researchers for conducting fundamental life sciences
research, translational biomedical research, and early stage pharmaceutical development. Its biologics
development services are used by biopharmaceutical and biotech companies for the development of therapeutic
antibodies, and gene or cell therapy products with an integrated platform. Its synthetic biology products are
used by industry users of industrial enzymes, such as those in the food and feed industries. Its cell therapy
products are used to treat refractory diseases including cancer and inflammatory diseases. Since synthetic
biology is backed by gene synthesis and editing technology, it falls under the Group’s professional expertise.
The Group has made significant progress in its synthetic biology research and application areas, which mainly
materialised into its innovative chimeric antigen receptor (“CAR”) T-cell (“CAR-T”) therapy and industrial enzyme
businesses.


With a strong sales and marketing team and strong research and development capabilities, the Company
maintains a stable and sustainable growth.
CONTENTS
Corporate Profile                                  2
Corporate Information                              3
Financial Highlight                                5
Five-year Financial Summary                        6
Chairman’s Statement                               7
Management’s Discussion and Analysis              11
Directors and Senior Management                   23
Report of the Directors                           31
Corporate Governance Report                       63
Environmental, Social and Governance Report       78
Independent Auditor’s Report                     126
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         131
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   132
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     133
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      135
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             137
Notes to Financial Statements                    139
CORPORATE PROFILE

GenScript Biotech Corporation (the “Company” or “GenScript”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a
well-recognised life sciences research and application service and product provider that applies its proprietary
technology to various fields from basic life sciences research to translational biomedical development, biologics
development services, industrial synthetic products, and cell therapeutic solutions. We maintain our world
market leadership in the global gene synthesis service market with recognised stature in synthetic biology.


Our broad and integrated life sciences research and application service and product portfolio comprises four
segments, namely, (i) bio-science services and products, (ii) biologics development services, (iii) industrial
synthetic biology products, and (iv) cell therapy. For the year ended December 31, 2018, we had generated
approximately US$141.0 million, US$20.7 million, US$17.7 million, and US$51.6 million from our four segments,
representing approximately 61.0%, 9.0%, 7.7%, and 22.3% of our total revenue, respectively. With a strong sales
and marketing team and strong research and development capabilities, the Company maintains a stable and
sustainable growth.


Through 16 years of effort since we were originally founded in New Jersey, the United States in 2002, “GenScript”
is now recognised as a well-known and trusted brand underpinned by its high quality life sciences research and
application services and products and its synthetic biology application fields in cell therapeutical solutions and
its industrial enzyme products.


(i) Our bioscience services and products are primarily provided to scientists and researchers for conducting
fundamental life sciences research to “Make Research Easy”; (ii) our biologics development services are
provided to biotech and biopharma companies to “Speed Up Drug Discovery and Development Process” by
utilizing our proprietary platform technology. Both of these two type of services business are operated under
the brand “GenScript” that has become well-recognized by the global customer community; (iii) our synthetic
biology products are consumed by industry users. Currently, we concentrate on providing high quality industrial
enzymes products to customers in the food and feed industries under the brand “Bestzyme” that has gained
its reputation in the market resulted from its capability to “Make the Best Enzymes”; and (iv) our cell therapy
business is “Pursuing A Cure” to malicious cancers and infectious diseases operated under the brand “Legend
Biotech” that has become well known due to its CAR-T cell therapy product “LCAR-B38M” that provides a
potential curable solution to refractory multiple myeloma. As of December 31, 2018, we had engendered the
trust and confidence of a broad and diverse customer base, including pharmaceutical and biotech companies,
colleges and universities, research institutes, government bodies (including government testing and diagnostic
centres), and distributors. As of December 31, 2018, over 35,200 international peer-reviewed journal articles
had cited the use of our life sciences research and application services and products, among which many
leading scientists and researchers in life sciences research industries were indicated to be frequent users of
our services and products. For the year ended December 31, 2018, our sales to such categories of customers
generated approximately 71.6%, 14.7%, 5.9%, 3.7%, and 4.1% of our total revenue, respectively.


We have established an extensive direct sales network, reaching over 100 countries in North America, Europe,
the PRC, Japan, and the other Asia Pacific regions. We primarily sell our life sciences research and application
services and products through our own direct sales force to our customers worldwide, while we also sell
our services and products through independent third-party distributors to expand our market presence
and facilitate communication with end users. For the year ended December 31, 2018, we had generated
approximately US$132.7 million, US$48.0 million, US$18.5 million, US$12.9 million, US$4.4 million, and
US$14.5 million from our sales to customers in North America, the PRC, Europe, Asia Pacific (excluding the PRC
and Japan), Japan, and others, representing approximately 57.4%, 20.8%, 8.0%, 5.6%, 1.9%, and 6.3% of our
total revenue, respectively.



2    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                     CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       SANCTIONS RISK CONTROL COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                      Dr. Zhang Fangliang (Chairman)
                                                         Ms. Wang Ye
Dr. Zhang Fangliang (Chairman and
                                                         Mr. Meng Jiange
  Chief Executive Officer)
                                                         Mr. Eric Wang
Ms. Wang Ye (President)
                                                         Mr. Shawn Wu
Mr. Meng Jiange (Vice President of Investor Relations)

                                                         COMPANY SECRETARY
Non-Executive Directors
                                                         Ms. Wong Wai Ling
Dr. Wang Luquan
Mr. Pan Yuexin
                                                         AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Ms. Wang Jiafen
                                                         Dr. Zhang Fangliang
Independent Non-Executive Directors                      Mr. Meng Jiange

Mr. Guo Hongxin
                                                         HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISERS
Mr. Dai Zumian
Mr. Pan Jiuan                                            Jones Day
                                                         31/F Edinburgh Tower
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                          The Landmark
                                                         15 Queen’s Road Central
Mr. Dai Zumian (Chairman)
                                                         Hong Kong
Mr. Pan Jiuan
Mr. Guo Hongxin
                                                         AUDITOR
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                   Ernst & Young
                                                         Certified Public Accountants
Mr. Guo Hongxin (Chairman)
                                                         22/F, CITIC Tower
Ms. Wang Ye
                                                         1 Tim Mei Avenue
Mr. Dai Zumian
                                                         Central
                                                         Hong Kong
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Dr. Zhang Fangliang (Chairman)                           REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN
Mr. Pan Jiuan                                            ISLANDS
Mr. Dai Zumian
                                                         4th Floor, Harbour Place
                                                         103 South Church Street, George Town
                                                         P.O. Box 10240, Grand Cayman KY1-1002
                                                         Cayman Islands




                                                            Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   3
CORPORATE INFORMATION


HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF                      PRINCIPAL BANKS
BUSINESS IN THE PRC
                                                         Bank of America, N.A. Hong Kong Branch
No. 28, Yongxi Road
                                                         20th Floor, Tower 2
Jiangning Science Park
                                                         Kowloon Commerce Centre
Nanjing
                                                         51 Kwai Cheong Road
Jiangsu Province
                                                         Kwai Chung
PRC
                                                         Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
                                                         Bank of America Scotch Plains Office
HONG KONG
                                                         336 Park Avenue
40th Floor, Sunlight Tower
                                                         Scotch Plains
No. 248 Queen’s Road East
                                                         NJ 07076
Wanchai
                                                         USA
Hong Kong

                                                         Yueyahu Branch of China Merchant Bank
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE                                          No. 88, Mu Xu Yuan Street
                                                         Nanjing
Harneys Services (Cayman) Limited
                                                         PRC
4th Floor, Harbour Place 103 South Church Street,
George Town
                                                         COMPANY WEBSITES
P.O. Box 10240, Grand Cayman KY1-1002 Cayman
Islands                                                  www.genscript.com
                                                         www.legendbiotech.com
HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR                                www.bestzyme.com

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                         PLACE OF LISTING OF SHARES
Shops 1712-1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre                              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
183 Queen’s Road East                                    – Main Board
Wan Chai
Hong Kong                                                STOCK CODE
                                                         1548


                                                         STOCK NAME
                                                         GENSCRIPT BIO




4     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                            FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHT

•   For the year ended December 31, 2018, the revenue of the Group was approximately US$231.0 million,
    representing an increase of 51.4% as compared with approximately US$152.6 million for the year ended
    December 31, 2017.


•   For the year ended December 31, 2018, the gross profit increased by 51.5% from approximately US$104.6
    million in 2017 to approximately US$158.5 million.


•   For the year ended December 31, 2018, the profit of the Group decreased by 23.0% from approximately
    US$27.0 million in 2017 to approximately US$20.8 million. The adjusted net profit (excluding share-based
    payment expenses) was approximately US $29.6 million, representing a decrease of 0.7% from
    approximately US$29.8 million in 2017. During the Reporting Period, the Group invested significantly
    into research and development activities to strengthen its technical cutting edge and also into the
    talent pools, both of which are key drivers for a sustainable business growth in the long run and a more
    robust foundation for growth in the future. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group’s research
    and development expense was approximately US$74.1 million, representing an increase of 309.4%
    as compared with approximately US$18.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, in which the
    research and development expense in connection with the cell therapy segment was approximately
    US$52.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2018.


•   For the year ended December 31, 2018, profit attributable to owners of the Company decreased by 18.8%
    from approximately US$26.1 million in 2017 to approximately US$21.2 million. The adjusted net profit
    attributable to owners of the Company (excluding share-based payment expenses) was approximately
    US$30.1 million, representing an increase of 4.2% from approximately US$28.9 million in 2017.




                                                         Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      5
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                            For the year ended December 31,
                                                   2014        2015          2016         2017        2018
                                                                       US$’000

Operation Results
Revenue                                          69,994      86,709       114,735       152,649     231,017
Gross profit                                     44,098      57,078        76,229       104,591     158,539
    Profit after income tax                        6,175     17,504        26,535        27,005      20,759
    Profit attributable to shareholders
      of the Company                               6,175     17,504        26,170        26,123      21,216
    Non-controlling interest                           –          –           365             882      (457)
    Basic earnings per share (US$)               0.0052      0.0147        0.0157        0.0152      0.0118
Diluted earnings per share (US$)                 0.0051      0.0143        0.0153        0.0151      0.0115
Assets
Non-current assets                               48,588      49,060        62,123       106,369     237,513
Current assets                                   43,792     133,014       163,909       397,895     679,463
    Current liabilities                          29,188      30,894        39,215       272,716     153,515
    Net current assets                           14,604     102,120       124,694       125,179     525,948
    Non-current liabilities                        1,445      1,932         2,796         3,229     270,162
    Net assets                                    61,747    149,248       184,021       228,319     493,299
Cash and cash equivalents                        25,637     103,720       136,464       123,857     494,558
Inventories turnover days (day)                       22         26              35            49       55
Trade receivables turnover days (day)                 59         65              61            66       71
Trade payables turnover days (day)                    33         33              35            47       48




6        Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders,


On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”), I am pleased to present the results of the Group for the year
ended December 31, 2018 (the “Year” and the “Reporting Period”).


2018 was a remarkable year for the Genscript Group and for the global healthcare industry as a whole. Our
group has made solid progress in business growth through both technology and management innovations. We
have been benefitted from the growth of the biotech sectors in the United States, China and other countries.
Investment has been growing steadily in the biotech field, and this has accelerated the transforming of
biological science and technology innovation into medical, industrial, and other applications.


We have made persistent effort to drive the Company to realize our unique business strategy. We always devote
our efforts to meet the customers’ growing demands. We believe this is the ultimate and effective approach for
us to achieve sustainable business growth and to maximize value for our shareholders.


On the one hand, technological innovation has been the genetic code imprinted in the Group’s development. Ever
since the establishment of Genscript in 2002 in New Jersey, the United States, we have been focusing on the
establishment of the internal ecosystem by building up our vertically integrated technology platforms that are
deeply rooted in our leading innovative gene synthesis, protein and antibody engineering technology. Currently
we have consolidated our business into four major business platforms, namely, Life Sciences Research CRO
platform, Biological Drug CDMO (contract development and manufacturing organization) platform, Industrial
Synthetic Biology Products platform, and Cell Therapy platform. Each platform has been actively interacting with
the broad customer base and other stakeholders, and have made significant progress in their targeted markets
during the year of 2018. Currently, Genscript’s operational footprints have been present in the United States,
Europe, Japan, and Asia with its sales network covering more than 100 countries and regions.


Our CRO (contract research organization) service platform continued to maintain a healthy growth in 2018. This
platform is centralized in custom gene synthesis. Our capability, rich experience and our technical know-how in
the protein production, antibody development, and peptide synthesis, constitute the basis of our global leading
position in molecular biology services and products in 2018. We have provided a one-stop solution to life science
research community with a long-term commitment of “Make Research Easy” highlighted in our marketing
tools and forms, and the continued growth of this sector has proved that Genscript has become their preferred
partner in molecular biology research. Starting from 2018, improvement and innovation have been made in
technology, production, management, and marketing and will be carried out in the upcoming years. We have
also made effort to speed up the automation of our CRO platform in order to improve productivity and product
quality.


Our Biological Drug CDMO (contract development and manufacturing organization) service arm fully took the
advantages of our internally-invented innovative Single Domain-Antibody (SMAB) technology platform. This
recently spun-out business unit has collaborated with biopharma and biotech clients and has doubled its
sales revenue compared with 2017. The SMAB platform has shown an increasing market competition strength
and customer attractiveness. We have demonstrated it can make multi-functional research and therapeutic
antibodies faster and easier. This CDMO business unit will be focusing on biologics development service for our
customers, expediting their development process and accelerating their drug candidates moving into IND and
clinical development.



                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      7
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


2018 was a productive year for our Cell Therapy platform. From the regulatory perspective, Nanjing Legend
Biotechnology Co., Ltd.* (南京傳奇生物科技有限公司) formally received the permission from the China Food and
Drug Administration* (國家食品藥品監督管理總局) for conducting confirmative clinical trials of LCAR-B38M for
multiple myeloma (MM) patients in March 2018. This permission was granted based on the safety and efficacy
profile reflected in the 74 patients trial data of the Investigator Initiated Study on LCAR-B38B. Our Bi-Specific
Single Domain Antibody platform that enabled the unique CAR structure of bi-epitope binding of LCAR-B38M to
the cancer cell surface marker has determined the clinical performance of the LCAR-B38M. At the same time
frame, Janssen who collaborated with Legend on LCAR-B38M program, obtained the clearance from U.S. Food
and Drug Administration in May 2018 to conduct Phase Ib/2 clinical trials in the United States. Moreover, on 1
February 2019, Office of Orphan Product Development from the FDA has granted the Orphan Drug Designation to
JNJ-68284528/LCAR-B38M for treatment of multiple myeloma.


US Phase Ib clinical trial has been on track so far. According to the plan outlined in the collaboration and license
agreement signed in December 2017 between Legend Biotech USA Inc., Legend Biotech Ireland Limited, and
Janssen Biotech, Inc., Phase II trials in both the United States and China will be conducted via GMP facilities
jointly owned and managed. Therefore, the parties have been working diligently in 2018 to build such GMP
facilities and to achieve the planned schedule.


Our industrial synthetic biology products platform has also made satisfactory progress. We have recruited new
top managers who are industrial veterans with years of business and marketing experiences. In 2018, we have
completed the construction and testing of new manufactory facility that is six times of the original facility. We
expect the new facility will begin to ramp up the industrial enzyme production capacity to meet the customers’
large volume demands. On top of providing traditional industry enzyme products, our industrial synthetic biology
products platform also established new business model by collaborative projects with our key customers. By
making breakthroughs on key enzyme catalysts, we work closely with our partners to produce high value-added
chiral compounds, chiral intermediates and chiral bulk drugs, which we believe will add value to our business
portfolio and contribute to the environment protection by reducing the traditional chemical processes.


2018 is a year in which GenScript has grown significantly in many aspects including in terms of headcount and
top talent recruitment. Total headcount reached more than 2,620, representing an increase of approximately
35.6% as compared with that in 2017. The majority of our new employees were deployed to the frontlines of
research and development, business development and production of all business units. As of 31 December 2018,
more than 7.0% and 26.3% of our employees hold Ph.D. degrees and master’s degrees, respectively. In aggregate,
more than 73.6% of our employees hold bachelor or higher degrees, compared to 68.0% in 2017. We have also
further improved our employee dual-path and scaling promotion system. We have made substantial effort in
attracting and recruiting top talents from both academic and industrial sectors to boost our overall managerial
and operational strength. We have also implemented technical and professional career development plans to all
levels of employees. We believe that all these investments into talents are fully justified and will definitely paid
off in the course of long term business development.




8    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                          CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


In 2018, we have conducted multiple internal management team trainings and brainstorming, focusing on the
organizational optimization and operational process improvement. These activities have shown satisfactory
results. We have streamlined the decision making process and operation workflow at all levels of our
organization. We have also optimized the performance measurement mechanism and improved employee’s
overall compensation package to match with the upper level of biotech industry. Such measurement will have a
long-lasting effect on the performance of our Company and will increase our competitive strength.


The year of 2018 was a significant one for the United States and China in terms of regulatory innovation, which
boosted the progress of biotech and pharmaceutical industries.


The Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) of the United States approved 59 novel drugs either as new molecular
entities (“NMEs”) under new drug applications (“NDAs”) or as new therapeutic biologics under biologics license
applications, representing an increase of 28% compared with last year. Among them, 32% (19 NMEs) was
identified as first-in-class novel drugs, and 58% (34 NMEs) were approved to treat rare or “Orphan” diseases.
But the most magnificent implication, from a regulatory perspective, was that 41% (24 NMEs) were approved
through Fast Track Designation while 24% (14 NMEs) upon Breakthrough Designation. Both mechanisms have
expedited the FDA review and approval process with the hope to address medical needs and benefit patients
and the society. On the other side of the globe, the Chinese government has rolled out favorable policies to
shorten anti-cancer drugs approval cycles, and will grant preferred tax policies, such as lowering the VAT ratio to
3% to those drugs treating rare and orphan diseases whenever they are imported or domestically manufactured.


Financially speaking, 2018 was a phenomenal year for biotech financing in terms of investment across the
global market. The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited welcomed pre-revenue biotech companies, which
instilled vigor into biotech and biopharma companies. In mainland China, the upcoming opening of the Science
and Technology Innovation Board at the Shanghai Stock Exchange may also mark a major milestone. As in the
merger and acquisition field, followed by the acquisition of one of the major global CAR-T players by one of the
leading biopharma companies, valued at US$10 billion in January 2018, the acquisition of such biopharma
company by another biopharma company at a record-breaking amount of US$74 billion was announced in early
January 2019. The news brought the CAR-T immune-cell therapy under the spotlight again due to its potential to
cure a variety of tumors.


The United States Congress has approved a US$2 billion raise in funding, to US$39.1 billion, for the National
Institutes of Health (“NIH”), a primary agency in the United States, responsible for supporting multidisciplinary
biomedical and behavioral research. The raise represented an increase of 5% compared with the budget in 2018,
making it the fourth year in a row that NIH has received a substantial increase in its budget.


Looking forward to 2019, the Group continues to concentrate on implementing the following business strategies:


i.     Further investment in research and development and production capacity, focusing on the following key
       business areas:


       a)     Cell therapies – We will put increasing effort to this space. We aim to develop and gain advanced
              CAR-T, TCR (T cell receptor), and other gene therapy technologies, extend our current autologous
              platform into allogeneic platform. We intend to target onto hematologic malignancies, solid
              tumors, infectious diseases, and autoimmune diseases;



                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018        9
 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


         b)     Biological drug CDMO service platform – We aim to expand the application of our SMAB platform
                to provide advanced biological drug development services; further expand the GMP production
                capacity to enable fully integrated biological drug development and manufacturing capability; and


         c)     Molecular biology CRO and product offering – to further strengthen our global leading position in
                gene synthesis and other life sciences technology products and services.


 ii.     Further strengthening of the sales and marketing forces in order to continue improving our market
         penetration into:


         a)     Establish cell therapy commercial team in the United States and the China markets to prepare
                for the necessary procedures and certification with the intention to conduct a global commercial
                launch of the product of LCAR-B38M;


         b)     Further strengthen the collaboration between our CDMO platform with the biotech and biopharma
                community by providing innovative solutions from both scientific and commercial perspectives;


         c)     Enhance the penetration into the key accounts through strategic cooperation and to build up long
                term mutual beneficial relationships; and


         d)     Further consolidate our leading position on molecular biology services and products market by
                pushing the boundary into broader life science applications.


 iii.    We aim to pursue strategic acquisition opportunities for cutting-edge techniques and business entities
         as they arise in order to complement the existing internal capacity and to speed up the overall growth.


 In conclusion, I would like to express my sincere thanks to our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders
 for your continuous trust and support, which are the ultimate sources that motivate us to further strive for great
 success in the upcoming years. I would also like to thank our dedicated and committed employees, who are the
 concrete foundation for the achievements that we have made and we are going to fulfill in the future.


 Thank You.


 Dr. Zhang Fangliang
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


 March 22, 2019




10      Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

POSITIONING OF THE COMPANY
The Group is a well-established global biotech company. Our mission “Make the Human and Nature Healthier
through Biotechnology” has been deeply imprinted into our DNA. Over the past 16 years of our corporate
development, we have successfully established a business platform based on advanced and proprietary
technologies and know-hows. We have built and maintained a world-wide leading gene synthesis technology
and achieved high protein and antibody engineering competences. Our business footprint has been spread
throughout 100 countries worldwide with our operational hubs located in the United States, Mainland China,
Hong Kong, Japan, Netherlands and Ireland. Our workforce has increased to over 2,620 headcounts by the end
of 2018. Our professional team is committed and devoted to serving our global customers.


The bio-science services and products segment serves as a strong and stable revenue generating foundation
for the entire corporate. Starting as a gene synthesis company, we have kept the position as one of the world’s
largest molecular biology CRO companies with capabilities ranging from gene synthesis to biological drug
discovery, development and manufacturing (CDMO, contract development and manufacturing organization).
Our bio-science services and products business has been a source of creative new technologies that have
contributed to the development and expansion of our business portfolio. The bio-science services and products
segment serves pharmaceutical, biotech, government and academic customers worldwide. We are proud of
ourselves for our contribution to the advancement of science and the fact that our services and products have
been cited in over 35,200 international peer reviewed journal articles as of December 31, 2018.


Legend Biotech Corporation (“Legend”) is one of the subsidiary companies of the GenScript family. It was
developed from our internal gene manipulation and antibody engineering capabilities. It has taken us to a
whole new space with its proprietary CAR-T technology and clinical cell therapy programs. Working closely
with our collaborators at Janssen Biotech, Inc. (“Janssen”), we have recently begun a Phase 1b/2 clinical trial
in the United States. In China, Legend has been given the approval to move forward on a confirmative clinical
trial with its innovative LCAR-B38M product targeting the relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma. We intend
to conduct clinical trials and commercial development in China, the United States and Europe. Legend has
invested heavily in team building in 2018 with the goal of solidifying our position by hiring senior level managers
and professionals to make up the core of the Legend’s management team. We aim to transform Legend into a
world-class bio-pharmaceutical company.


Bestzyme Biotech Corporation and its subsidiaries make up the Bestzyme Group in the synthetic biology space.
The Bestzyme Group uses our advanced enzyme engineering technology to develop products for food processing
and feed additive markets. Our long-term goals are of three folds: to improve the quality of people’s daily lives,
to address environmental problems, and to use enzymes at a large scale in various industry sectors to improve
the performance and to reduce costs. We believe synthetic biology offers us new opportunities from both the
technical and commercial perspectives, and will lead to continuous and expanded growth.


During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved growth in sales revenue for all business units, and we also
invested significantly into research and development activities to strengthen our technical cutting edge and also
into the talent pools, both of which are key drivers for a sustainable business growth in the long run. We are fully
confident that our persistent efforts on both technical and managerial aspects will be paid off ultimately and
will allow us to achieve a better future.




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     11
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 BUSINESS REVIEW
 During the Reporting Period, the overall revenue of the Group was approximately US$231.0 million, representing
 an increase of 51.4% as compared with approximately US$152.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017.
 The gross profit was approximately US$158.5 million, representing an increase of 51.5% as compared with
 approximately US$104.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in both revenue and gross
 profit was primarily attributable to (i) the significant increase in revenue derived from the biologics business as
 well as the significant increase in the number of orders and customers subsequent to years of development of
 both novel antibody drugs and biosimilar development services, which resulted in the launch of advanced and/
 or improved services and products and improvement in our production competitiveness, (ii) the increase in both
 the number of customers and their purchase volume of industrial synthetic biology products, primarily due to
 the upgraded products and the setting up of sales team, and (iii) the collaboration with Janssen.


 During the Reporting Period, the profit was approximately US$20.8 million, representing a decrease of 23.0%
 as compared with approximately US$27.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The adjusted net profit
 (excluding share-based payment expenses) was approximately US$29.6 million, representing a decrease of
 0.7% from approximately US$29.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The investment into research
 and development and team building, especially the recruitment of talents with years of industry experience, and
 capital investment into capacity upgrading contributed to the decrease in profit. Management team believes the
 investment and measures are well justified and will lay down a more robust foundation for growth in the future.


 The profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately US$21.2 million, representing a decrease
 of 18.8% as compared with approximately US$26.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The adjusted
 net profit attributable to owners of the Company (excluding share-based payment expenses) was approximately
 US$30.1 million, representing an increase of 4.2% from approximately US$28.9 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2017.


 During the Reporting Period, the Company generated approximately US$141.0 million, US$20.7 million, US$17.7
 million, and US$51.6 million from the four segments, namely, (i) bio-science services and products, (ii) biologics
 development services, (iii) industrial synthetic biology products, and (iv) cell therapy, representing approximately
 61.0%, 9.0%, 7.7% and 22.3% of the total revenue, respectively.


 Results Analysis of the Four Business Segments

 1.     Bio-science services and products

        This segment provides comprehensive research services in five key categories, namely, gene synthesis
        and molecular cloning, oligonucleotide synthesis, protein production, peptide synthesis, and antibody
        development. These services and associated products are widely used and are fundamental to life
        sciences research and application, such as basic biology studies, disease and pharmaceutical research,
        drug discovery, agriculture, environmental studies, and the food industry.




12    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Results

     During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from bio-science services and products was
     approximately US$141.0 million, representing an increase of 29.1% as compared with approximately
     US$109.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. During the same period, the gross profit was
     approximately US$95.6 million, representing an increase of 24.6% as compared with approximately
     US$76.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in both revenue and gross profit
     was primarily attributable to (i) fully operational Zhenjiang production facility, along with the automated
     production line of the peptide business, increased production capacity of bio-science business that
     brought additional steady revenue stream to the segment, (ii) (a) establishment of Genscript Biotech
     (Netherlands) B.V. (“GS EU”) to cope with the extensive market investment strategy, (b) reinforcement of
     the sales team by recruiting more experienced sales persons and engaging them in more exhibitions as
     well as advertising on diverse media platforms with new packaging launched to enhance brand image
     and visibility, (c) enhanced implementation of a wide range of user-friendly online services and their
     continuous upgrades so as to attract new customers and improve customers’ loyalty of our services
     and products, and (iii) continued research and development investment that enabled more competitive
     new products and services to be launched onto the market, thereby expanding the customer range and
     reinforcing customers’ loyalty, in addition to the enhancement of our core competitiveness.


     Development strategies

     The Company intends to (i) continue to upgrade GenSmart, our online gene design tool and integrated
     ordering system, streamline online experience and secure current position as one of the top providers in
     the gene synthesis industry, (ii) automate and standardize the production and research and development
     platform to further improve service and product quality and reproducibility to lead the industrial
     standard, (iii) develop services and products to satisfy the needs for emerging industries in synthetic
     biology to generate stable revenue with higher profit margin, (iv) engage in research and development
     projects with leading professors in academia to gain access into top minds in the field, (v) build a novel
     platform of protein analysis and protein purification based on magBeads and e-Stain technology to form
     a complete solution for discovery, development and production of protein and recombinant antibodies,
     and commercialize the solution to fast growing markets, such as biologics development.


2.   Biologics development service

     This segment provides comprehensive services in five key categories, namely, antibody drug discovery,
     antibody drug pre-clinical development, antibody drug clinical development, plasmid & virus pre-clinical
     development and plasmid & virus clinical development. These services and associated products aim to
     help biopharmaceutical and biotech companies accelerate the development of therapeutic antibodies,
     and gene or cell therapy products with an integrated platform from the very beginning of drug discovery
     stage down to pre-clinical development stage and clinical development stage.




                                                            Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   13
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       Results

       During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from biologics development services was
       approximately US$20.7 million, representing an increase of 55.6% as compared with approximately
       US$13.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. During the same period, the gross profit was
       approximately US$8.8 million, representing an increase of 39.7% as compared with approximately
       US$6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in both revenue and gross profit was
       primarily attributable to the consistent development of our competitiveness in antibody drug pre-clinical
       development and novel antibody drugs and biosimilar development services.


       Development strategies

       The Company intends to (i) continue to enhance the antibody drug discovery platform by developing
       and introducing the most advanced technologies, including but not limited to fully-human antibody
       from transgenic mouse and human naïve library, (ii) exploit the power of single-domain antibody fused
       to Monoclonal Antibody (“SMAB”) bi-specific antibody platform through the collaboration with external
       biopharma or biotech companies and continue the development of in-house new molecules, (iii) increase
       the capacity in pre-clinical and clinical development through the opening of new GMP facilities for both
       antibody drug and virus, (iv) establish independent business unit to operate the biologics development
       business (contract development and manufacturing organization (“CDMO”)) and keep introducing senior
       management and research and development talents with international biopharma background, (v)
       penetrate the market in the United States by extending the business from drug discovery stage to pre-
       clinical development stage.


 3.    Industrial synthetic biology products

       This segment grows from the leverage over our technical expertise and experience in synthetic biology
       and enzyme engineering. Our technical experience in protein engineering and synthetic biology facilitates
       the construction of non-pathogenic microbial strains to produce high-quality industrial enzymes through
       outsourced suppliers that can be used in a variety of industries, such as the food and feed processing,
       feed, pharmaceutical, and chemical industries. Synthetic biology technology has also brought a series of
       innovative breakthroughs in synthetic products for the pharmaceutical and chemical industries. Some of
       the fine chemical products have emerged. This part of the business has formed a certain market and has
       become a new support for sustainable growth in this segment.


       Results

       During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from industrial synthetic biology products was
       approximately US$17.7 million, representing an increase of 50.0% as compared with approximately
       US$11.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. During the same period, the gross profit was
       approximately US$2.5 million, representing a decrease of 24.2% as compared with US$3.3 million for
       the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to (i) the launch of
       a number of innovative new products and market expansion, primarily due to our professional research
       and development team and continued research and development investment, (ii) the upgraded market
       strategy that repositioned the Company from a product seller to a solution provider, resulting in the
       involvement in customers’ projects at the early stage with closer collaboration with customers and wining
       customers’ trust, and (iii) the new fully operational manufacturing facility that improved the quality of
       products and ensured the stable supply to meet customers’ demands.


14    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Development strategies

     The Company intends to apply synthetic biology principles and techniques to modify and improve the
     industrial enzyme producing microorganisms, enabling microorganisms to produce industrial enzymes
     with a higher yield and/or better performance properties. It intends to improve enzyme application
     performance and reduce customer enzyme costs to serve all relevant industries with leading technology.
     At the same time, the Company intends to produce pharmaceutical intermediates by focusing on
     enzymatic catalysis to promote the pharmaceutical intermediate enzyme catalytic technology and extend
     its business field to high-tech and high-profit industries.


4.   Cell therapy

     This segment was initiated from the Company’s proprietary antibody development platform. Our strength
     in the optimization of CAR structures and the development of multi-specific antibody led to the CAR-T
     cell therapy against B-Cell Maturation Antigen (BCMA) for treating patients with relapsed or refractory
     multiple myeloma.


     With an expanded talented group of scientists, engineers, directors and other advisors, the Company is one of the
     leaders in the field of cell therapy and is committed to the development of innovative cellular immunotherapies
     for the treatment of cancer. During the Year, significant progress had been made in major aspects.


     Results

     During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from cell therapy was approximately US$51.6
     million, representing an increase of 182.0% as compared with approximately US$18.3 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2017. During the same period, the gross profit was approximately US$51.6 million,
     representing an increase of 182.0% as compared with approximately US$18.3 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2017. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to the collaboration with Janssen.


     During the Year, the clinical trial research of LCAR-B38M in the United States went smoothly and the first
     milestone has been achieved. Legend Biotech USA Inc. was entitled to a milestone payment in the amount
     of US$25.0 million. For details, please refer to the Company's announcement dated December 17, 2018.
     With the collaboration project pushed forward and milestone achieved, it is believed that continuous
     revenue will be recognized in the following years.


     In December 2018, at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting, an updated analysis of
     LCAR-B38M phase I data was presented orally. CAR-T cell therapy LCAR-B38M displayed a manageable safety
     profile consistent with its known mechanism of action and demonstrated deep and durable responses in
     patients with relapsed or R/R MM. The results showed an overall response rate (“ORR”) of 88% and a complete
     response (“CR”) rate of 74%. A phase 1b/2 study of LCAR-B38M in R/R MM has been initiated in the United
     States. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated December 4, 2018.


     Development strategies

     The Company intends to apply antibody discovery, molecular biology and cellular engineering
     technologies to the discovery and development of immunotherapies with a focus on novel cell therapies
     for treating hematologic malignancies, solid tumors, autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases.




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      15
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 FINANCIAL REVIEW
                                                                          2018              2017          Change
                                                                      US$’000           US$’000          US$’000

 Revenue                                                               231,017          152,649            78,368
 Gross profit                                                          158,539          104,591            53,948
 Profit after income tax                                                20,759            27,005            (6,246)
 Net profit excluding share-based payment expenses                      29,611            29,816              (205)
 Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company                     21,216            26,123            (4,907)
 Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company,
     excluding share-based payment expenses                             30,068            28,934             1,134
 Earnings per share (US cent per share)                                    1.18             1.52             (0.34)


 Revenue

 In 2018, the Group recorded revenue of US$231.0 million, representing an increase of 51.4% from US$152.6
 million in 2017. This was primarily attributable to (i) the significant increase in revenue derived from the
 biologics business as well as significant increase in the number of orders and customers subsequent to years
 of development of both novel antibody drugs and biosimilar development services, which resulted in the launch
 of advanced and/or improved services and products and improvement in our production competitiveness, (ii) the
 increase in both the number of customers and their purchase volume of industrial synthetic biology products,
 primarily due to the upgraded products and the setting up of sales team, and (iii) the collaboration with Janssen.


 Gross Profit

 In 2018, the Group’s gross profit increased by 51.5% to US$158.5 million from US$104.6 million in 2017. This was
 primarily attributable to the increase of sales, especially in the cell therapy segment. The gross profit margin of
 the Group remained stable in 2018.


 Selling and Distribution Expenses

 The selling and distribution expenses increased by 55.8% to US$38.8 million in 2018 from US$24.9 million in
 2017. This was mainly attributable to (i) enhanced marketing activities including participating in high-profile
 exhibitions and industry conferences and enhanced advertisements placed to improve the Group’s brand image,
 and (ii) increased investment into the commercial talent pool by recruiting more experienced personnel and
 improved incentive packages to enable our services and products to be able to penetrate into the key markets
 and improve the business.


 Administrative Expenses

 In 2018, the administrative expenses increased by 84.5% to US$40.6 million from US$22.0 million in 2017. This
 was mainly caused by the increased investment into talent pool by recruiting more experienced personnel and
 improved incentive package to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of management.




16     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Research and Development Expenses

The research and development expenses increased by 309.4% to US$74.1 million in 2018 from US$18.1 million
in 2017. This was mainly due to our continuous investment in research and development activities to secure
and maintain high-level research and development projects, and our participation in certain new challenging
research and development projects under the industrial synthetic biology products, cell therapy segments and
novel antibody drugs and biosimilar development, which significantly strengthened our competitiveness in the
market and improved our production efficiency.


Income Tax Expenses

The income tax expenses decreased from US$11.5 million in 2017 to US$1.9 million in 2018. The actual tax rate
decreased from 29.9% in 2017 to 8.6% in 2018. The decrease of tax rate in 2018 was mainly caused by the tax
reform in the United States and the increased tax credit obtained. The United States federal income tax rate was
cut from 34% to 21% during the year, and PRC research and development expenses allowances raised from 50%
to 75% for additional reduction for tax purpose; and at the same time, the research and development expenses
increased significantly by the PRC subsidiaries.


Net Profit and Unaudited Adjusted Net Profit

Due to the aforementioned reasons, the net annual profit of the Group amounted to US$20.8 million in 2018,
representing a decrease of 23.0% from US$27.0 million in 2017. To supplement the consolidated financial
statements which are presented in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (the
“HKFRSs”), the Group also used the unaudited adjusted net profit as an additional financial measure to evaluate
the Group’s financial performance by eliminating the impact of items that the Group does not consider indicative
of the Group’s business performance. The Group’s adjusted net profit (excluding share-based payment expenses)
was approximately US$29.6 million in 2018, representing a decrease of 0.7% from approximately US$29.8
million for the year ended December 31, 2017.


Trade Receivables

                                                                                         2018              2017

Trade receivables turnover (day)                                                           71                  66


The trade receivables of the Group remained stable under the ongoing control and management of the Company.


Inventories

                                                                                         2018              2017

Inventory turnover (day)                                                                   55                  49


The increase of inventory turnover of the Group was mainly caused by the increase of the level of safe stock due
to the expanded sales of the products.




                                                            Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018        17
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 Property, Plant, and Equipment

 Property, plant and equipment include buildings, machinery equipment and construction in progress. As at
 December 31, 2018, the property, plant and equipment of the Group amounted to US$158.0 million, representing
 an increase of 96.3% from the property, plant and equipment of US$80.5 million as at December 31, 2017. This
 was mainly due to the construction of new factories to support the increased scale of production, especially for
 biologics business as well as cell therapy.


 Intangible Assets

 Intangible assets include software, patents and licenses. As at December 31, 2018, the Group’s net intangible
 assets amounted to US$19.6 million, representing an increase of 684.0% from US$2.5 million as at December
 31, 2017. The increase in intangible assets was mainly due to the patents and licenses obtained through the
 acquisition.


 Working Capital and Financial Resources

 As at December 31, 2018, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to US$494.6 million (2017:
 US$123.9 million). There was no restricted fund or loan.


 Cash Flow Analysis

 During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded an annual net cash inflow of US$295.4 million generated from
 operating activities.


 During the Reporting Period, the annual cash outflow used in investing activities of the Group was US$181.7
 million. This was mainly due to (i) the purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in the
 amount of US$70.0 million, (ii) the purchases of items of property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets
 and the prepayment of land lease payments for the purpose of enlarging production capability in the amount of
 US$79.6 million, (iii) the purchases of a shareholding in subsidiaries in the amount of US$27.6 million, (iv) the
 purchase of equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income in the amount of
 US$5.0 million, (v) the purchase of investment in associates in the amount of US$1.9 million, (vi) the receipt of
 government grants of US$1.6 million, and (vii) the investment income of US$0.8 million.


 During the Reporting Period, the cash inflow in financing activities of the Group was US$257.3 million. This
 was mainly due to (i) proceeds from issue of shares amounted to US$251.3 million, (ii) the acquisition of equity
 by minority shareholders of US$4.6 million, (iii) exercise of share options of US$2.7 million, (iv) proceeds from
 bank loans of US$10.5 million, (v) share repurchased of US$11.5 million, and (vi) the purchase of minority
 shareholders’ equity in the amount of US$0.3 million.


 Capital Expenditure and Capital Commitment

 During the Reporting Period, the expenditure of purchasing intangible assets, namely software, patents and
 license, was US$0.7 million, while the expenditure of purchasing property, plant and equipment amounted to
 US$70.8 million and the expenditure of purchasing land use right amounted to US$8.1 million.




18    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Material Acquisitions and Disposals

On January 11, 2018, the Group completed the acquisition of 100.0% of the entire issued share capital of
CustomArray, Inc. from the selling shareholders, the details of which are set out in the announcements of the
Company dated December 27, 2017 and January 12, 2018.


During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any other material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries,
associates or assets.


Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees

As at December 31, 2018, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.


Charges on Group Assets

As at December 31, 2018, bank balances of approximately US$11.0 million was pledged by GenScript (Hong
Kong) Limited to secure a loan at JPY1.1 billion (equivalent to approximately US$9.9 million).


As at December 31, 2018, bank balances of approximately US$1.7 million was pledged by Nanjing Jinsirui
Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and Nanjing Legend Biotech Co., Ltd. for notes payable at approximately US$1.6 million.


As of December 31, 2018, the Group did not have any other charges over its assets.


Current Ratio and Gearing Ratio

As at December 31, 2018, the Group’s current ratio (current assets to current liabilities) was approximately 4.4
(as at December 31, 2017: 1.5); and gearing ratio (total liabilities to total assets) was approximately 46.2% (as at
December 31, 2017: 54.7%).


MARKET RISKS
The Group is exposed to various types of market risks in the ordinary course of business, including foreign
exchange risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk and credit risk. The Group manages its exposure to such
risks and other market risks through regular operation and financial activities.


Foreign Exchange Risk

The Group mainly operates in the PRC and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency
exposures, primarily with respect to United States dollar. Foreign exchange risk arises from foreign currencies
held in certain overseas subsidiaries. The Group did not hedge against any fluctuation in foreign currency during
the Reporting Period. The management of the Group may consider entering into currency hedging transactions
to manage the Group’s exposure towards fluctuations in exchange rates in the future.


Cash Flow and Fair Value Interest Rate Risk

Other than bank balances with variable interest rate and short-term deposits with fixed interest rates, the
Group has financial products of approximately US$73.5 million related to fair value interest rate risk.




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018        19
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 Credit Risk

 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, trade, other receivables and other current assets are the
 Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to its financial assets. The objective of the Group’s measures
 to manage credit risk is to control potential exposure to recoverability problems.


 In respect of trade and other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on customers and
 counterparties. These evaluations focus on the counterparty’s financial position and past history of making
 payments, and they take into account information specific to the counterparty as well as pertaining to the
 economic environment in which the counterparty operates. Monitoring procedures have been implemented
 to ensure that follow-up actions will be taken to recover overdue debts. Credit limits were granted to certain
 customers in consideration of their payment history and business performance. Prepayment agreements were
 sometimes entered into with certain customers from food companies, colleges, universities, and research
 institutes in China, as well as occasionally with other customers in the United States and Europe. In addition,
 the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual transaction and other receivable balance at the
 end of the year to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts.


 Prospects

 The year of 2018 was a significant one for the United States and China in terms of regulatory innovation, which
 boosted the progress of biotech and pharmaceutical industries.


 The Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) of the United States approved 59 novel drugs either as new molecular
 entities (“NMEs”) under new drug applications (“NDAs”) or as new therapeutic biologics under biologics license
 applications, representing an increase of 28% compared with last year. Among them, 32% (19 NMEs) was
 identified as first-in-class novel drugs, and 58% (34 NMEs) were approved to treat rare or “Orphan” diseases.
 But the most magnificent implication, from a regulatory perspective, was that 41% (24 NMEs) were approved
 through Fast Track Designation while 24% (14 NMEs) upon Breakthrough Designation. Both mechanisms have
 expedited the FDA review and approval process with the hope to address medical needs and benefit patients
 and the society. On the other side of the globe, the Chinese government has rolled out favorable policies to
 shorten anti-cancer drugs approval cycles, and will grant preferred tax policies, such as lowering the VAT ratio to
 3% to those drugs treating rare and orphan diseases whenever they are imported or domestically manufactured.


 Financially speaking, 2018 was a phenomenal year for biotech financing in terms of investment across the
 global market. The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited welcomed pre-revenue biotech companies, which
 instilled vigor into biotech and biopharma companies. In Mainland China, the upcoming opening of the Science
 and Technology Innovation Board at the Shanghai Stock Exchange may also mark a major milestone. As in the
 merger and acquisition field, followed by the acquisition of one of the major global CAR-T players by one of the
 leading biopharma companies, valued at US$10 billion in January 2018, the acquisition of such biopharma
 company by another biopharma company at a record-breaking amount of US$74 billion was announced in early
 January 2019. The news brought the CAR-T immune-cell therapy under the spotlight again due to its potential to
 cure a variety of tumors.


 The United States Congress has approved a US$2 billion raise in funding, to US$39.1 billion, for the National
 Institutes of Health (“NIH”), a primary agency in the United States, responsible for supporting multidisciplinary
 biomedical and behavioral research. The raise represented an increase of 5% compared with the budget in 2018,
 making it the fourth year in a row that NIH has received a substantial increase in its budget.


20    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Future Development Strategies

Looking forward to 2019, the Group continues to concentrate on implementing the following business strategies:


i.     Further investment in research and development and production capacity, focusing on the following key
       business areas:


       a)    Cell therapies – We will put increasing effort to this space. We aim to develop and gain advanced
             CAR-T, TCR (T cell receptor), and other gene therapy technologies, extend our current autologous
             platform into allogeneic platform. We intend to target onto hematologic malignancies, solid
             tumors, infectious diseases, and autoimmune diseases;


       b)    Biological drug CDMO service platform – We aim to expand the application of our SMAB platform
             to provide advanced biological drug development services; further expand the GMP production
             capacity to enable fully integrated biological drug development and manufacturing capability; and


       c)    Molecular biology CRO and product offering – to further strengthen our global leading position in
             gene synthesis and other life sciences technology products and services.


ii.    Further strengthening of the sales and marketing forces in order to continue improving our market
       penetration into:


       a)    Establish cell therapy commercial team in the United States and the China markets to prepare
             for the necessary procedures and certification with the intention to conduct a global commercial
             launch of the product of LCAR-B38M;


       b)    Further strengthen the collaboration between our CDMO platform with the biotech and biopharma
             community by providing innovative solutions from both scientific and commercial perspectives;


       c)    Enhance the penetration into the key accounts through strategic cooperation and to build up long
             term mutual beneficial relationships; and


       d)    Further consolidate our leading position on molecular biology services and products market by
             pushing the boundary into broader life science applications.


iii.   We aim to pursue strategic acquisition opportunities for cutting-edge techniques and business entities
       as they arise in order to complement the existing internal capacity and to speed up the overall growth.


EMPLOYEES
As at December 31, 2018, the Group had a total of approximately 2,620 employees. The Group had entered into
employment contracts covering positions, employment conditions and terms, salaries, employees’ benefits,
responsibilities for breach of contractual obligations, and reason for termination with its employees. The
remuneration package of the Group’s employees includes basic salary, subsidies, and other employees’ benefits,
which are determined with reference to experience, number of years with the Group, and other general factors.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    21
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 During the Reporting Period, the Company’s total expenses on the remuneration of employees (including the
 Directors) was approximately US$94.0 million, representing approximately 40.7% of the total revenue of the
 Company.


 On July 15, 2015, the Company adopted the pre-IPO share option scheme (the “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”).
 On December 7, 2015, the Company adopted the post-IPO share option scheme (the “Post-IPO Share Option
 Scheme”). On December 21, 2017, the Company approved and adopted the share option scheme of Legend
 Cayman, being the direct non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Subsidiary Share Option Scheme”,
 together with the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, the “Share Option
 Schemes”). No further share options have been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme since the
 Company was listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (the “Stock Exchange”).


 9,600,000 share options with an exercise price of HK$26.46 per share and 3,000,000 share options with an
 exercise price of HK$14.04 per share were granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme to Pan Yuexin, Guo
 Hongxin, Dai Zumian and certain employees on May 4, 2018 and November 29, 2018, respectively. Please refer to
 our announcements dated May 4, 2018 and November 29, 2018 for details. Save as disclosed, no other options
 have been granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period.


 During the Reporting Period, 8,010,000 share options were granted under the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme.


 The number of employees of the Group categorized by function as of December 31, 2018 is set forth as follows:


                                                                                 Number of      Percentage of
                                                                                 employees               total
                                                                                                           (%)

 Function
 Production                                                                           1,295             49.4%
 Sales and marketing                                                                    318             12.1%
 Administration                                                                         386             14.7%
 Research and development                                                               423             16.2%
 Management                                                                             198              7.6%
 Total                                                                                2,620            100.0%


 The Group invests in continuing education and training programmes for its employees with a view to constantly
 upgrading their skills and knowledge and providing the employees with an environment that encourages them to
 develop their career with the Group. The Group has arranged continuous on-the-job training for its employees.
 These training courses cover a broad spectrum, including technical know-how of various business segments,
 environmental, health and safety management systems, and mandatory training required by applicable laws
 and regulations.


 In accordance with relevant PRC regulations on social insurance, the Group makes contribution to social
 insurance fund, including basic pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, childbirth
 insurance, work-related injury insurance funds, and housing reserve fund for its employees.




22       Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                      DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

DIRECTORS
The Board currently consists of nine directors of the Company (the “Directors”), comprising three executive
Directors, three non-executive Directors, and three independent non-executive Directors. The following table
sets out certain information concerning our Directors.


Name                             Age          Position                                   Date of Appointment

Executive Directors
Zhang Fangliang                   54          Chairman, executive Director and           May 21, 2015
                                                chief executive officer
Wang Ye                           50          Executive Director and president           May 21, 2015
Meng Jiange                       50          Executive Director and vice president      August 24, 2015
                                                of investor relations


Non-executive Directors
Wang Luquan                       49          Non-executive Director                     May 21, 2015
Pan Yuexin                        60          Non-executive Director                     August 24, 2015
Wang Jiafen                       67          Non-executive Director                     November 26, 2018


Independent non-executive
  Directors
Guo Hongxin                       55          Independent non-executive Director         August 24, 2015
Dai Zumian                        41          Independent non-executive Director         August 24, 2015
Pan Jiuan                         50          Independent non-executive Director         November 26, 2018




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   23
 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


 Executive Directors

 Dr. Zhang Fangliang (章方良), aged 54, is the co-founder, chairman, an executive Director, and chief executive
 officer of the Company. He was appointed as a Director on May 21, 2015 and redesignated as an executive
 Director on August 24, 2015. He is primarily responsible for the development, positioning, and strategy planning
 of the Group. He is one of the founders and a director of Genscript Corporation (“GS Corp”). Dr. Zhang is currently
 the director of all of the Company’s subsidiaries (except for GenScript Japan Inc. (“GS Japan”)), namely, Nanjing
 Jinsirui Biotechnology Co., Ltd.* (南京金斯瑞生物科技有限公司) (“GS China”), Jinsikang Technology (Nanjing) Co.,
 Ltd.* (金斯康科技（南京）有限公司), Genscript Biotech Limited (“GS BVI”), GenScript (Hong Kong) Limited (“GS
 HK”), Genscript International Limited (“GS International”), GenScript USA Incorporated (“GS USA”), GenScript
     USA Holding Inc, Genscript Biotech (Netherlands) B.V., Jiangsu Genscript Biotech Co., Ltd (江蘇金斯瑞生物科
     技有限公司), Nanjing Bestzyme Bioengineering Co., Ltd.* (南京百斯杰生物工程有限公司) (“Nanjing Bestzyme”),
 Bestzyme Biotech Corporation (“BSJ Cayman”), Bestzyme Biotech Limited (“BSJ BVI”), Bestzyme Biotech USA
 Incorporated (“BSJ US”), Bestzyme Biotech HK Limited (香港百斯杰生物科技有限公司) (“BSJ HK”), Jinan Bestzyme
 Bio-Engineering Co., Ltd (濟南百斯杰生物工程有限公司), Jinan Nornoon Bio-Engineering Co., Ltd. Downtown
 Branch Company* (濟南諾能生物工程有限公司市中分公司), Hubei Bestzyme Biotechnology Co., Ltd.* (湖北百斯
 杰生物科技有限公司), Shanghai Jingrui Biotechnology Co., Ltd.* (上海璟睿生物技術有限公司), Nanjing Legend
 Biotechnology Co., Ltd.* (南京傳奇生物科技有限公司), Legend Biotech Corporation (“Legend Cayman”), Legend
 Biotech Limited (“Legend BVI”), Legend Biotech HK Limited (香港傳奇生物科技有限公司) (“Legend HK”), Legend
 Biotech (Netherlands) B.V., Legend Biotech Ireland Limited, Yangzte Investment (BVI) Limited, Yangzte Holdings
 (BVI) Limited, Yangzte Investment (HK) Limited, Yangzte Investment USA Inc., and Maple Bio (Nanjing) Co., Ltd. (楓
 楊生物研發（南京）有限公司). Dr. Zhang is the chairman of our nomination committee (“Nomination Committee”)
 and oversees the sanctions risk control committee (“Sanctions Risk Control Committee”).


 Dr. Zhang has over 20 years of experience in the biotechnology industry. Prior to joining the Group, from 1995 to
 2002, he worked as a postdoctoral research fellow and an associate principal scientist at Schering-Plough. Dr.
 Zhang worked in the tumour biology department during his postdoctoral research at Schering-Plough. Dr. Zhang
 was also one of the key team members for an anti-cancer drug, farnesyl transferase inhibitor. After Dr. Zhang’s
 postdoctoral studies, he was recruited to the department of central nervous system and cardiovascular system
 at Schering-Plough. He became one of the project leaders focusing on G-protein coupled receptors and led a
 group of scientists to discover the drug target for a billion-dollar drug. As a result of this discovery, Dr. Zhang
 won a Presidential Award at Schering-Plough in 2001. From 2002 to the present, Dr. Zhang worked as the chief
 executive officer of the Group, where he was involved in a variety of key biotechnological research projects and
 provided guidance and directions to those biotechnological research projects. Dr. Zhang was also awarded the
 National Thousand Talents Programme Distinguished Expert* (國家千人計劃特聘專家) in 2010 and the Jiangsu
 Province High-Level Creative Talent Strategic Award* (江蘇省高層次創新創業人才引進計劃獎) in 2011. Dr. Zhang
 was awarded as the “Person of the Year” at the China Healthcare Summit 2018. Dr. Zhang has published more
 than 20 biotechnology related scientific papers in international peer-reviewed journals and has been the
 inventor for more than five patents in relation to biotechnological products and/or services.


 Dr. Zhang obtained a Bachelor of Engineering degree from Chengdu College of Geology* (成都地質學院) (currently
 known as Chengdu University of Technology* (成都理工大學)) in the PRC in July 1984 and a Master of Science
 degree from Nanjing University in the PRC in July 1987. He also obtained a Doctor of Philosophy degree from
 Duke University in the U.S. in September 1995.


 He is the brother-in-law of Mr. Chen Zhiqiang, the vice president of the China Business Department of the
 Company.

24       Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Ms. Wang Ye (王燁), aged 50, is the co-founder, an executive Director and president of the Company. She was
appointed as a Director on May 21, 2015 and redesignated as an executive Director on August 24, 2015 and is
primarily responsible for the Group’s strategies and overall operational management. Ms. Wang is currently the
director of BSJ Cayman, BSJ BVI, BSJ HK, BSJ US, Legend Cayman, Legend BVI, GS BVI, GS HK, GS International,
GS USA, Qragen Biotech Corporation, Qragen Biotech (BVI) Limited, Qragen Biotech (HK) Limited and Maple Bio
(Nanjing) Co., Ltd. Ms. Wang is the partner of Nanjing Genbest Enterprise Management Center (Limited Partner)*
(南京金百企業管理中心(有限合夥)). Ms. Wang is a member of our remuneration committee (“Remuneration
Committee”).


She joined GS Corp in August 2002 and served as the sales account manager until January 2005. In the
Group, she worked as the sales and marketing director from February 2005 to August 2009, vice-president of
operations from September 2009 to August 2011, and executive vice-president of operations from September
2011 to March 2014. She has been the chief operating officer of GS Corp in April 2014 and redesignated as
the president since December 1, 2017. Prior to joining the Group, she worked as the environmental monitoring
engineer at Shenzhen Futian Environment Protection Surveillance Station* (深圳市福田區環境保護監測站) from
July 1993 to July 2000.


Ms. Wang obtained a Bachelor of Science in Microbiology and a Master of Science degree from Wuhan
University* (武漢大學) in the PRC in July 1990 and in August 1993, respectively. She also obtained a Master of
Science in Computer Sciences degree from Bridgeport University in the United States in December 2003. She
obtained an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from the China Europe International Business
School* (中歐國際工商學院) in the PRC in August 2014.


Mr. Meng Jiange (孟建革), aged 50, was appointed as an executive Director of the Company on August 24, 2015
and is primarily responsible for the Company’s finance and investor relations matters. He was appointed as the
vice president of finance of the Group in April 2010 when he joined the Group and has been redesignated as the
vice president of investor relations since December 1, 2017.


Mr. Meng has over 25 years of experience in finance and accounting. Prior to joining the Group, from July 1990
to October 1997, Mr. Meng worked at CCCC Guangzhou Dredging Co., Ltd.* (中交廣州航道局有限公司). From
January 1999 to May 2000, Mr. Meng worked as the national finance manager at Guangdong Whirlpool Home
Appliance Group* (廣東惠而浦家電集團). From May 2000 to July 2004, Mr. Meng worked at Schering-Plough
China* (先靈葆雅中國公司) as a branch finance manager and the accounting and IT manager in the head office.
From September 2004 to December 2007, Mr. Meng worked as the Asia finance controller of Saint Gobain Grains
and Powder Division. From March 2008 to March 2010, Mr. Meng worked as the chief financial officer of Quay
Magnesium.


Mr. Meng graduated from Changsha Communications Institute* (長沙交通學院) (currently known as Changsha
University of Science Technology* (長沙理工大學)) in the PRC with a Bachelor of Engineering degree in July 1990.




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   25
 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


 Non-executive Directors

 Dr. Wang Luquan (王魯泉), aged 49, is a co-founder and a non-executive Director of the Company. He was
 appointed as a Director on May 21, 2015 and redesignated as a non-executive Director of the Company on
 August 24, 2015 and is primarily responsible for the Group’s strategies and operational management. From 2003
 to 2014, Dr. Wang was the president of GS Corp and is still currently a director of GS Corp. Dr. Wang is currently
 the director of two of the Company’s subsidiaries, namely, GS HK and GS USA.


 Dr. Wang has nearly 25 years of experience in the biotechnology industry. Prior to joining the Group, from 1991
 to 1996, he worked as a graduate research assistant, and from 1995 to 1996, a bioinformatics staff at Rutgers
 University in the United States. From 1996 to 2003, Dr. Wang was a senior principal scientist at Schering-Plough
 Research Institute.


 Dr. Wang obtained a Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry degree from Shandong University* (山東大學) in the
 PRC in July 1991 and a Doctor of Philosophy degree from Rutgers University in the United States in October
 1996.


 Mr. Pan Yuexin (潘躍新), aged 60, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company on August 24, 2015
 and is primarily responsible for the Group’s strategies and operational management.


 Mr. Pan graduated from the Zhejiang Branch of the Open University of China* (中央廣播電視大學浙江分校) with
 a Chinese language and literature diploma in July 1985. Mr. Pan graduated from the Chinese Academy of Social
 Sciences* (中國社會科學院) with a business law post graduate degree in July 1987.


 Mr. Pan has been a partner of Jun He Law Offices (君合律師事務所) from October 1992 to May 2003 and July
 2009 to February 2013, as well as a partner of Shanghai Ridingsheng Equity Investment Services Ltd.* (上海
 日鼎盛股權投資服務有限公司) since March 2013. Mr. Pan has been the chairman of Shaoxing Lvpai Enterprise
 Management Co, Ltd.* (紹興律派企業管理股份有限公司) from December 2018 and the chairman of Shanghai
 Lvpai Enterprise Management Consulting Co, Ltd.* (上海律派企業管理諮詢有限公司) from May 2016.


 Mr. Pan was the committee member and secretary general of the Education Committee of the All China Lawyers
 Association, PRC* (中華全國律師協會) from 2001 to 2003. He was also the director of the Hainan and Shanghai
 branches of Jun He Law Offices (君合律師事務所) from October 1992 to May 2003 and deputy director of the
 Education Committee of the Shanghai Bar Association* (上海市律師協會) from 2000 to 2003.


 Mr. Pan was an independent non-executive director of Jiangling Motors Co., Ltd.* (江 鈴 汽 車 股 份 有 限 公 司,
 SZSE: 000550), which is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, from 2005 to 2009, Sinochem International
 Corporation* (中化國際貿易股份有限公司, SHA: 600500), which is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, from
 2002 to 2003, Shanghai Tunnel Engineering Co., Ltd.* (上海隧道工程股份有限公司, SHA: 600820), which is listed
 on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, from 2009 to 2016, GreatWall Movie and Television Co., Ltd.* (長城影視股份有
 限公司, SZSE: 002071), which is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, from 2011 to 2014, and Simei Media
 Co., Ltd* (思美傳媒股份有限公司, SZSE: 002712) from 2009 to 2012 before it was listed on the Shenzhen Stock
 Exchange in 2014.




26    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Ms. Wang Jiafen (王佳芬), aged 67, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company on November 26,
2018 and is primary responsible for the Group’s strategies and operational management.


Ms. Wang has over 40 years of experience in corporate management across various industries, including
financial, food and retail services. She is currently the chairman of Shanghai Guanji Enterprise Management
Consulting Co., Ltd.* 上海觀詰企業管理諮詢公司 and a coach of Shanghai Lingjiao Enterprise Management
Consulting Co. Ltd* 上海領教企業管理諮詢有限公司. She has previously served as the vice chairman of Ping An
Trust Co., Ltd.* 平安信託有限責任公司 from 2011 to 2015. From 2008 to 2011, she was a partner of Granite Global
Ventures 紀源資本. From 1996 to 2008, Ms. Wang served as the chairman and general manager of Bright Dairy
Co., Ltd.* 光明乳業股份有限公司 (SHA: 600597). From 1992 to 2002, she served as the chairman and general
manager of Shanghai Diary Company* 上海市牛奶公司.


Ms. Wang has been serving as an independent director of UE Furniture Co, Ltd. 浙江永藝傢俱股份公司 (SHA:
603600) since 2017, an independent director of Zhende Medical Co., Ltd 振德醫療用品股份有限公司 (SHA:
603301) since 2016, a director of Meinian Onehealth Healthcare Holdings Co., Ltd 美年大健康產業控股股份有限公
司 (SZSE: 002044) since 2013 and a director of Shanghai Xintonglian Packaging Co., Ltd 上海新通聯包裝股份有限
公司 (SHA: 603022) since 2011. She has also served as an independent director of Eurocrane (China) Co., Ltd* 法
蘭泰克重工股份有限公司 (SHA: 603966) from 2017 to 2018.


Ms. Wang obtained her college degree in business management from Shanghai Television University* 上海電視大
學 in 1986 (now known as Shanghai Open University* 上海開放大學). She obtained her master degree in business
administration from China Europe International Business School 中歐國際工商學院 in 2004.


Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Guo Hongxin (郭宏新), aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on
August 24, 2015. Mr. Guo is the chairman of our remuneration committee and a member of our audit committee
(“Audit Committee”).


From July 1983 to March 1998, Mr. Guo was working at the Nanjing School of Chemical Engineering. Since
April 1998, he has been the chairman of the board of Sunpower Group Ltd, which was listed on the Singapore
Exchange SESDAQ in March 2005 and has been listed on the Singapore Exchange Mainboard since August 2007
(SPWG: Singapore Exchange).


Mr. Guo obtained a Diploma in Chemical Thermal Engineering from Nanjing Chemical Engineering College* (南
京化工動力專科學校) (currently known as Nanjing Normal University) in the PRC in July 1983. Mr. Guo obtained
a senior engineering qualification from Nanjing University of Chemical Technology* (南京化工大學) (currently
known as Nanjing Tech University* (南京工業大學)) in the PRC in March 1997. He also obtained a Doctor of
Philosophy in Geotechnical Engineering degree from the Chinese Academy of Sciences* (中國科學院) in the
PRC in January 2010. He also obtained an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Tsinghua
University* (清華大學) in the PRC in July 2014.




                                                           Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   27
 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


 Mr. Dai Zumian (戴祖勉), aged 41, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on
 August 24, 2015. Mr. Dai is the chairman of the Audit Committee, and a member of the Remuneration Committee
 and the Nomination Committee.


 Mr. Dai is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accounts as well as a fellow of Association of
 Chartered Certified Accountants. From July 1999 to August 2006, he gained over seven years’ experience in
 auditing. His experience in auditing includes that gained at PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhongtian Certified Public
 Accountants (普華永道中天會計師事務所) from February 2005 to August 2006.


 Mr. Dai was the qualified accountant and company secretary of Hisense Kelon Electrical Holdings Limited (海
 信科龍電器股份有限公司, HKSE: 921, SZSX: 000921), which is listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
 Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, from September 2006 to August 2007. Mr. Dai served as the chief
 financial officer of Shanghai Golden Monkey Food Joint Stock Co., Ltd.* (上海金絲猴食品股份有限公司) from
 February 2009 to April 2012 and of Xiezhong International Holdings Limited (協眾國際控股有限公司, HKSE: 3663),
 which is listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, from May 2012 to June 2017.


 Mr. Dai graduated from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics* (上海財經大學) in the PRC with a
 Bachelor of International Business Administration degree in June 1999. He also holds an Executive Master of
 Business Administration degree from China Europe International Business School* (中歐國際工商學院) in the
 PRC earned in October 2013.


 Mr. Pan Jiuan (潘九安), aged 50, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on
 November 26, 2018. Mr. Pan is the member of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee.


 Mr. Pan has over 20 years of experience in human resources and management across various industries,
 including education, kitchen electrical appliances, office automated facilities, textile and garment. He is
 currently the chief human resources officer of Shanghai Lingjiao Enterprise Management Consulting Co. Ltd*
 上海領教企業管理諮詢有限公司. From 2010 to 2013 and 2003 to 2010, he served as the corporate group director
 of human resources of each of K-Boxing Men’s Wear (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.* 勁霸男裝（上海）有限公司 and Ningbo
 Fotile Kitchen Appliances Co. Ltd.* 寧波方太廚具有限公司, respectively. From 1994 to 2002, he was the deputy
 manager, manager, and senior manager of Minolta Industries (HK) Limited 美能達實業（香港）有限公司.


 Mr. Pan obtained his bachelor degree in law from Central South University of Technology* 中南工業大學 (now
 known as Central South University* 中南大學) in 1991. He obtained his qualification as a lawyer in the People’s
 Republic of China in 1994. He also obtained the national manager qualification* 國家一級經理人資格 from
 Shanghai Jiao Tong University Center for Quality Management* 上海交通大學卓越管理中心 in 2016. He further
 obtained the certificate of chief human resources officer from Remin University* 中國人民大學 in 2018.




 *     For identification purpose only




28    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The following table sets out certain information concerning our senior management:

Name                       Age                 Year of joining the Group               Date of Appointment
Zhang Fangliang           (see above)          (see above)                             (see above)
Wang Ye                   (see above)          (see above)                             (see above)
Meng Jiange               (see above)          (see above)                             (see above)
Zhu Li                    69                   March 1, 2010                           March 1, 2010
Chen Zhiqiang             50                   August 15, 2004                         January 1, 2014
Chou Chuan-Chu            65                   October 1, 2012                         January 1, 2014
  (resigned on
  May 8, 2018)
Zhang Chifa (ceased to be 43                   June 5, 2005                            January 1, 2014
  senior management on
  November 5, 2018)
Xu Yuan                   51                   March 28, 2018                          March 28, 2018
Zhou Xu                   49                   November 5, 2018                        November 5, 2018

Dr. Zhang Fangliang (章方良), is the co-founder, chairman, the executive Director, and chief executive officer of
the Company. Please refer to the previous section headed “Executive Directors” for the biography of Dr. Zhang.


Ms. Wang Ye (王燁), is the co-founder, the executive Director, and president of the Company. Please refer to the
previous section headed “Executive Directors” for the biography of Ms. Wang.


Mr. Meng Jiange (孟建革), is the executive Director and vice president of investor relations of the Company.
Please refer to the previous section headed “Executive Directors” for the biography of Mr. Meng.


Dr. Zhu Li (朱力), aged 69, was appointed as the vice president of strategy of the Group in 2010. On April 1, 2017,
Dr. Zhu was appointed as the chief strategy officer of the Company. He is responsible for in-license and new
business development and is involved in corporate business strategy.


Dr. Zhu worked at Clontech Laboratories, Inc. in California, USA as a director of molecular biology from 1990 to
2000. Dr. Zhu worked at Cathay Biotech, Inc. as a vice president of research from July 2006 to December 2008.


Dr. Zhu obtained a Bachelor of Science of Biology degree from the East China Normal University (華東師範大學)
in June 1982 and a Doctor of Philosophy from Stanford University in September 1990.


Mr. Chen Zhiqiang (陳志強), aged 50, was appointed the senior vice president of the Company in January 2014
and was primarily responsible for the Company’s public relations. His position was changed to vice president of
the China Business Department in March 2016.


Mr. Chen joined the Group in August 2004 and was since appointed as the senior vice president of our internal
safety centre of the Company, and was then appointed as the senior vice president of our public relation
department in January 2014. Prior to joining the Group, from February 1993 to March 2004, he worked for Wuhan
Railway Bureau* (武漢鐵路局) as a trainee and as an electrician.


He graduated with a diploma in Computing Communications and Technology from Hubei Radio & TV University*
(湖北廣播電視大學) in July 1992.


                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   29
 DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


 He is the brother-in-law of Dr. Zhang Fangliang, the co-founder, chairman, the executive Director, and the chief
 executive officer of the Company.


 Dr. Xu Yuan (許遠), aged 51, was appointed as the chief executive officer of Legend and is primarily responsible
 for the operations and formulation of strategies of Legend.


 Prior to joining Legend, Dr. Xu was the senior vice president of biologics and vaccines at Merck & Co., Inc. from
 2015 to 2017. From 2014 to 2015, she worked as the vice president of biologics at Gilead Sciences Inc. From
 2008 to 2014, she worked as the vice president at Novartis AG. With more than 25 years of biologics, biosimilar,
 vaccine, gene and cell therapy discovery, development, commercialization and life-cycle-management
 experience, Dr. Xu has contributed to the successful commercial launch of nearly 25 products.


 Dr. Xu received her bachelor degree of biochemistry from the Nanjing University* (南京大學) in 1989 and her
 Ph.D. degree of biochemistry from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1993. She performed post-doctoral
 training in virology and gene therapy at the University of California, San Diego from 1993 to 1995.


 Mr. Zhou Xu (周旭), aged 49, was appointed as the general manager of industrial synthetic biology products of
 Bestzyme and is primarily responsible for the development and formulation of strategies of Bestzyme.


 Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Zhou worked as the vice president of Household Care China & Southeast Asia and
 Technical Industries China at Novozymes (China) Investment Co. Ltd. from 2016 to 2017 and its vice president of
 China Business Operations from 2015 to 2016. From 2011 to 2015, he worked as a sales and marketing director
 at Mosaic China. From 2006 to 2011, he worked as a sales director at Johnson & Johnson Vision Care (Shanghai),
 Inc.. From 1999 to 2005, he worked as a regional manager at Heineken China. From 1994 to 1999. he worked as a
 product manager at Inchcape JDH Limited.


 Mr. Zhou obtained a Bachelor of Chinese Literature degree in Capital Normal University* (首都師範大學) in July
 1994 and an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from Renmin University of China* (中國人民大
 學) in June 2010.




30    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Board is pleased to present the report of the Directors together with the audited consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018.


CORPORATE INFORMATION AND GLOBAL OFFERING
The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on May 21, 2015 as an exempted company with limited
liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
on December 30, 2015 (the “Listing” or the “Listing Date”).


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is a well-recognised life sciences research and application service and product provider that
applies its proprietary technology to various fields from basic life sciences research to translational biomedical
development, industrial synthetic products, and cell therapeutic solutions. The broad and integrated life
sciences research and application service and product portfolio comprises four segments, namely, (i) bio-science
services and products, (ii) biologics development services, (iii) industrial synthetic biology products, and (iv) cell
therapy. The services and products are primarily used by scientists and researchers for conducting fundamental
life sciences research, translational biomedical research, and early stage pharmaceutical development. Its
development services are used by biopharmaceutical and biotech companies for the development of therapeutic
antibodies, and gene or cell therapy products with an integrated platform. Its industrial synthetic biology
products are also used by industry users of industrial enzymes, such as those in the food and feed industries.
Its cell therapy products are used to treat refractory diseases including cancer and inflammatory diseases. Our
customers are primarily located in North America, Europe, the PRC, Japan and the other Asia Pacific regions.
The analysis of the principal activities of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the financial
statements.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The consolidated results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 are set out on pages 131 and 132
of this annual report.


FINAL DIVIDEND
In order to retain resources for the Group’s business development, the Board did not recommend the payment of
final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2018.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
In order to determine the entitlement of shareholders to attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general
meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on Monday, May 20, 2019, the register of members of the Company will be closed
from Wednesday, May 15, 2019 to Monday, May 20, 2019 (both dates inclusive), during which period no transfer
of shares will be registered. All transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, shall be
lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for
registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, May 14, 2019.




                                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     31
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


 FINANCIAL SUMMARY
 A summary of the results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on
 page 6 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.


 USE OF THE NET PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
 Net proceeds from the Listing of the Company (after deducting the underwriting fee and relevant expenses)
 amounted to approximately HK$527.3 million (equivalent to US$68.0 million). Such amounts had been
 used according to the allocation set out in the prospectus of the Company dated December 17, 2015 (the
 “Prospectus”). For the year ended December 31, 2018, the use of net proceeds from the Listing is set out as
 follows:


                                                            Unutilized amount   Utilized amount Unutilized amount
                                                                        as at        During the   as at December
                                                              January 1, 2018    Reporting Year          31, 2018
 Item                                                             US$ million      US$ million        US$ million

 Enhance information technology capability                                0.2               0.2                –
 Acquire interests in or business of companies
     to complement existing operations                                    2.2               2.2                –
 Reinforce the sales and marketing team                                   7.2               7.2                –
 Supplement working capital and
     for general corporate purposed                                       6.8               6.8                –
 Total                                                                   16.4             16.4                 –


 MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
 Major Customers

 The revenue attributable to the top five customers of 2018 accounted for 27.8% of the Company’s operating
 income for the year ended December 31, 2018. The revenue from the largest single customer accounted for
 22.3% of the Company’s operating income for the year ended December 31, 2018.


 Major Suppliers

 In 2018, the turnover attributable to the top five suppliers accounted for 15.4% of the Company’s total
 purchases for the year ended December 31, 2018. The turnover of the largest single supplier, accounted for 7.0%
 of the Company’s total purchases for the year ended December 31, 2018.


 During the Reporting Period, to the knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors or any of their close
 associates or any shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors own more than 5.0% of the Company’s
 issued share capital) had an interest in any of the Company’s top five customers or suppliers.




32       Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant, and equipment of the Group during the Year are set out in note 13 to
the financial statements in this annual report.


SHARE CAPITAL
As of December 31, 2018, 1,835,363,077 ordinary shares were issued. Details of movements in the share capital
of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2018 are set out in note 30 to the financial statements in
this annual report.


RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 135 and 136 in this annual report.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As of December 31, 2018, the Company’s reserves are available for distribution, calculated in accordance with
the provisions of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, Cap 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised),
amounted to US$112,554,000 (as of December 31, 2017: approximately US$93,228,000).


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
As at December 31, 2018, Jinan Bestzyme Biological Engineering Co., Ltd* (濟南百斯杰生物工程有限公司) (“Jinan
Bestzyme”) borrowed short-term interest-bearing loans from Shanghe Branch Bank of China Post and Reserve
Bank for a total amount of RMB4,000,000 (equivalent to approximately US$583,000), which were secured by
credit. Jinan Bestzyme used such loans to purchase raw materials and replenish working capital.


As at December 31, 2018, Genscript (Hong Kong) Limited (“GS HK”) borrowed unfixed-term interest-bearing
loans from Citibank, N.A. Hong Kong Branch for a total amount of JPY1,100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
US$9,918,000), which were secured by deposit. GS HK used such loans to replenish working capital.


Save as above, the Group did not have any other outstanding, unpaid bank loans and/or other borrowings.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018       33
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


 DIRECTORS
 The Directors during the year ended December 31, 2018 and up to the date of this annual report were:


 Executive Directors

 Zhang Fangliang (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
 Wang Ye (President)
 Meng Jiange (Vice President of Investor Relations)


 Non-executive Directors

 Wang Luquan
 Huang Zuie-Chin (also known as James Zuie Huang) (resigned on January 5, 2018)
 Pan Yuexin
 Wang Jiafen (appointed on November 26, 2018)


 Independent Non-executive Directors

 Guo Hongxin
 Dai Zumian
 Zhang Min (resigned on November 26, 2018)
 Pan Jiuan (appointed on November 26, 2018)


 Pursuant to the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (the “Articles”), each of Zhang
 Fangliang, Wang Ye and Guo Hongxin will retire at the AGM and, being eligible, will offer himself or herself for re-
 election. Biographical details of the Directors to be re-elected at the AGM will be set out in the circular dated
 April 15, 2019 to the shareholders.


 DIRECTORS’ PROFILES
 Biographical details of Directors and senior management of the Company is set out on pages 23 to 30 in this
 annual report.


 CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
 The Company has received the annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors
 in respect of his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of
 the independent non-executive Directors to be independent throughout the year ended December 31, 2018 in
 accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.




34    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Each of the executive Directors has entered into service contracts with the Company for a fixed term of three
years commencing on December 1, 2018, which can be terminated before the expiration of the term by not less
than six months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other.


Each of the non-executive Directors has signed appointment letters with the Company for a term of three years.
The effective date of the appointments of Mr. Wang Luquan and Mr. Pan Yuexin is August 24, 2018, and that of
Ms. Wang Jiafen is November 26, 2018. Their appointments are subject to termination in accordance with their
respective terms.


Each of the independent non-executive Directors has signed appointment letters with the Company for a term
of three years. The effective date of the appointment of Mr. Guo Hongxin and Mr. Dai Zumian is August 24, 2018,
and that of Mr. Pan Jiuan is November 26, 2018. Their appointments are subject to termination in accordance
with their respective terms.


Save as disclosed herein, none of the Directors has entered into any service contract with the Group that is
not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE
None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries entered into, whether directly or indirectly, any transactions,
arrangements and contracts of significance that a Director of the Company had a material interest in, that was
related to the Company’s business, and/or that subsisted during and up to the end of the Year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
businesses of the Company were entered into or existed during the Year.


REMUNERATION POLICIES
The Group’s remuneration policy and structure for remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the
Group are based on the Group’s operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics,
and is reviewed by the Remuneration Committee periodically.


The remuneration of the non-executive Directors is recommended by the Remuneration Committee and is
decided by the Board while the remuneration of the executive Directors is decided by the Remuneration
Committee, having regard to the merit, qualifications, and competence of individual directors, the Group’s
operating results, and comparable market statistics.




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   35
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


 The Company has also adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the
 Subsidiary Share Option Scheme. The purpose of the Share Option Schemes is to enable us to grant options
 to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions. The Directors consider that the Share
 Option Schemes, with its broad basis of participation, will enable the Company or Legend Cayman to reward its
 employees, Directors, and other selected participants for their contributions.


 During the year ended December 31, 2018, 9,600,000 share options with an exercise price of HK$26.46 per share
 and 3,000,000 share options with an exercise price of HK$14.04 were granted under the Post-IPO Share Option
 Scheme to Pan Yuexin, Guo Hongxin, Dai Zumian and certain employees on May 4, 2018 and November 29, 2018,
 respectively. Please refer to our announcements dated May 4, 2018 and November 30, 2018 for details. Save as
 disclosed, no other options have been granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting
 Period. No option had been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme once the Company is listed on the
 Stock Exchange on the Listing Date. For details of the Share Option Schemes, please see the paragraph headed
 “Share Option Schemes” below.


 PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
 The Articles provides that every Director is entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against
 all losses or liabilities which they may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of their office
 or otherwise in relation thereto. A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in
 force and was in force throughout the financial year. The Company had taken out and maintained appropriate
 insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors and officers during the Reporting
 Period.


 EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
 Save for the Share Option Schemes of the Company as set out in this report, no equity-linked agreements were
 entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended December 31, 2018.


 SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
 A.    Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

       The Company adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme by a resolution of the then sole shareholder
       of the Company on July 15, 2015. The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is not subject to the provision of
       Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules as the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme does not involve the grant of options
       by the Company to subscribe for Shares once the Company is listed on the Stock Exchange. No further
       options are granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme after the Listing.




36    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                   Set out below are details of the outstanding options under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme:


                                                                                                                                                                      Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                 Outstanding      Granted    Cancelled      Lapsed     Exercised Outstanding
                                                                                                                                     Exercise           as at   during the   during the   during the   during the       as at
                                                   Category/                                                                         Price per     January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
                                                   Name of Grantee Date of Grant         Vesting Period        Exercise Period          Share           2018         Year         Year          Year        Year     31, 2018
                                                                                                                                        (US$)

                                                   Directors of the Company
                                                   Wang Ye           January 15, 2008    December 31, 2010 –   December 31, 2010 –       0.01        846,727            –            –            6      846,721           –
                                                                                           January 15, 2018      January 15, 2018
                                                                                         January 15, 2011 –
                                                                                           January 15, 2018
                                                                                         December 31, 2011 –
                                                                                           January 15, 2018
                                                                                         December 31, 2012 –
                                                                                           January 15, 2018
                                                                                         December 31, 2013 –
                                                                                           January 15, 2018
                                                                     December 31, 2009   December 31, 2010 –   December 31, 2010 –      0.026      5,344,130            –            –            –    2,031,520    3,312,610
                                                                                           December 31, 2019     December 31, 2019
                                                                                         December 31, 2011 –
                                                                                           December 31, 2019
                                                                                         December 31, 2012 –
                                                                                           December 31, 2019
                                                                                         December 31, 2013 –
                                                                                           December 31, 2019
                                                                                         December 31, 2014 –
Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                                           December 31, 2019

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


37
38
                                                                                                                                                                  Number of share options
                                                                                                                                             Outstanding      Granted    Cancelled      Lapsed     Exercised Outstanding
                                                                                                                                 Exercise           as at   during the   during the   during the   during the        as at
                                                   Category/                                                                     Price per     January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
                                                   Name of Grantee Date of Grant     Vesting Period        Exercise Period          Share           2018         Year         Year          Year        Year      31, 2018
                                                                                                                                    (US$)

                                                                    July 15, 2010    July 15, 2011 –       July 15, 2011 –          0.103     12,968,480            –            –            – 12,968,480              –
                                                                                       July 31, 2019         July 31, 2019
                                                                                     July 15, 2012 –
                                                                                       July 31, 2019
                                                                                     July 15, 2013 –
                                                                                       July 31, 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                     July 15, 2014 –
                                                                                       July 31, 2019
Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018




                                                                    May 22, 2012     December 31, 2012 –   December 31, 2012 –      0.103     34,008,093            –            –            –            –    34,008,093
                                                                                       July 31, 2020         July 31, 2020
                                                                                     December 31, 2013 –
                                                                                       July 31, 2020
                                                                                     December 31, 2014 –
                                                                                       July 31, 2020
                                                                    March 20, 2014   December 31, 2014 –   December 31, 2014 –      0.062     68,016,194            –            –            –            –    68,016,194
                                                                                       July 31, 2025         July 31, 2025
                                                                                     December 31, 2015 –
                                                                                       July 31, 2025
                                                                                     December 31, 2016 –
                                                                                       July 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                     Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                Outstanding      Granted    Cancelled      Lapsed     Exercised Outstanding
                                                                                                                                    Exercise           as at   during the   during the   during the   during the       as at
                                                   Category/                                                                        Price per     January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
                                                   Name of Grantee Date of Grant        Vesting Period        Exercise Period          Share           2018         Year         Year          Year        Year     31, 2018
                                                                                                                                       (US$)
                                                   Meng Jiange      February 20, 2010   April 1, 2011 –       April 1, 2011 –          0.077      1,195,320            –            –            –            –    1,195,320
                                                                                          December 31, 2020     December 31, 2020
                                                                                        April 1, 2012 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                                        April 1, 2013 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                                        April 1, 2014 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                                        April 1, 2015 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                    May 1, 2013         May 1, 2016 –         May 1, 2016 –            0.103      1,943,320            –            –            –            –    1,943,320
                                                                                          December 31, 2020    December 31, 2020
                                                                                        May 1, 2017 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                                        May 1, 2018 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                                        May 1, 2019 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                                        May 1, 2020 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                    January 30, 2015    January 30, 2016 –    January 30, 2016 –       0.077      1,943,320            –            –            –            –    1,943,320
                                                                                          July 31, 2025         July 31, 2025
                                                                                        January 30, 2017 –
                                                                                          July 31, 2025
                                                                                        January 30, 2018 –
                                                                                          July 31, 2025
                                                                                        January 30, 2019 –
                                                                                          July 31, 2025
Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018




                                                                                        January 30, 2020 –
                                                                                          July 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


39
40
                                                                                                                                                                     Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                Outstanding      Granted    Cancelled      Lapsed     Exercised Outstanding
                                                                                                                                    Exercise           as at   during the   during the   during the   during the       as at
                                                   Category/                                                                        Price per     January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
                                                   Name of Grantee Date of Grant        Vesting Period        Exercise Period          Share           2018         Year         Year          Year        Year     31, 2018
                                                                                                                                       (US$)

                                                   Wang Luquan      February 10, 2012   February 10, 2013 –   February 10, 2013 –      0.103      3,886,640            –            –            –      670,000    3,216,640
                                                                                          July 31, 2019         July 31, 2019
                                                                                        February 10, 2014 –
                                                                                          July 31, 2019


                                                   Senior management of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                   Zhu Li           January 27, 2010    March 1, 2011 –       March 1, 2011 –          0.077      1,554,656            –            –            –      800,000     745,656
                                                                                          July 31, 2019         July 31, 2019
Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018




                                                                                        March 1, 2012 –
                                                                                          July 31, 2019
                                                                                        March 1, 2013 –
                                                                                          July 31, 2019
                                                                                        March 1, 2014 –
                                                                                          July 31, 2019
                                                                                        March 1, 2015 –
                                                                                          July 31, 2019
                                                                    March 28, 2014      December 31, 2014 –   December 31, 2014 –      0.077      1,943,320            –            –            –            –    1,943,320
                                                                                          December 31, 2020     December 31, 2020
                                                                                        December 31, 2015 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                                        December 31, 2016 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                                        December 31, 2017 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                                        December 31, 2018 –
                                                                                          December 31, 2020
                                                                                                                                                                   Number of share options
                                                                                                                                              Outstanding      Granted    Cancelled      Lapsed     Exercised Outstanding
                                                                                                                                  Exercise           as at   during the   during the   during the   during the       as at
                                                   Category/                                                                      Price per     January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
                                                   Name of Grantee Date of Grant      Vesting Period        Exercise Period          Share           2018         Year         Year          Year        Year     31, 2018
                                                                                                                                     (US$)

                                                   Chou Chuan-Chu   October 1, 2012   October 1, 2016 –     October 1, 2016 –        0.103      1,671,255            –            –    1,340,891      330,364           –
                                                    (resigned in                        July 31, 2025         July 31, 2025
                                                    May 2018)                         October 1, 2017 –
                                                                                        July 31, 2025
                                                                                      October 1, 2018 –
                                                                                        July 31, 2025
                                                                                      October 1, 2019 –
                                                                                        July 31, 2025
                                                                                      October 1, 2020 –
                                                                                        July 31, 2025
                                                                    March 28, 2015    December 31, 2015 –   December 31, 2015 –      0.077        485,830            –            –      242,915      242,915           –
                                                                                        December 31, 2020     December 31, 2020
                                                                                      December 31, 2016 –
                                                                                        December 31, 2020
                                                                                      December 31, 2017 –
                                                                                        December 31, 2020
                                                                                      December 31, 2018 –
                                                                                        December 31, 2020




Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018


                                                                                                                                                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


41
42
                                                                                                                                                                   Number of share options
                                                                                                                                              Outstanding      Granted    Cancelled      Lapsed     Exercised Outstanding
                                                                                                                                  Exercise           as at   during the   during the   during the   during the       as at
                                                   Category/                                                                      Price per     January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
                                                   Name of Grantee Date of Grant      Vesting Period        Exercise Period          Share           2018         Year         Year          Year        Year     31, 2018
                                                                                                                                     (US$)

                                                   Chen Zhiqiang    August 10, 2009   August 10, 2009 –     August 10, 2009 –        0.003      1,612,259            –            –            –      380,000    1,232,259
                                                                                        December 31, 2019     December 31, 2019
                                                                    March 28, 2014    December 31, 2014 –   December 31, 2014 –      0.077        831,320            –            –            –            –     831,320
                                                                                        December 31, 2020     December 31, 2020
                                                                                      December 31, 2015 –
                                                                                        December 31, 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                                                      December 31, 2016 –
                                                                                        December 31, 2020
Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018




                                                                                      December 31, 2017 –
                                                                                        December 31, 2020
                                                                                      December 31, 2018 –
                                                                                        December 31, 2020
                                                   Zhang Chifa      March 28, 2014    December 31, 2014 –   December 31, 2014 –      0.077      1,943,320            –            –            –            –    1,943,320
                                                     (ceased to                         December 31, 2020     December 31, 2020
                                                     be senior                        December 31, 2015 –
                                                     management                         December 31, 2020
                                                     in November                      December 31, 2016 –
                                                     2018)                              December 31, 2020
                                                                                      December 31, 2017 –
                                                                                        December 31, 2020
                                                                                      December 31, 2018 –
                                                                                        December 31, 2020
                                                                                                                                                                             Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                        Outstanding      Granted    Cancelled      Lapsed     Exercised Outstanding
                                                                                                                                             Exercise          as at   during the   during the   during the   during the        as at
                                                   Category/                                                                                Price per     January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December
                                                   Name of Grantee Date of Grant            Vesting Period           Exercise Period           Share           2018         Year         Year          Year        Year      31, 2018
                                                                                                                                                (US$)

                                                   Other employees
                                                   Employees          October 17, 2005 –    June 12, 2007 –          June 12, 2007 –           0.003-    78,666,961             –           –      145,749 14,467,390      64,053,822
                                                                        March 28, 2015         December 31, 2025       December 31, 2025        0.103
                                                                                                                                                        218,861,145             –           –    1,729,561    32,737,390 184,394,194

                                                   Notes:

                                                   (1)      The weighted average closing price immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$23.64.

                                                   (2)      For further details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, please refer to Appendix V “Statutory and General Information” of the Prospectus and note 31 to the financial
                                                            statements in this annual report.




Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


43
44
                                                   B.   POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME
                                                        The Company approved and adopted the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme by written resolutions of its then sole shareholder on December
                                                        7, 2015. The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is subject to the requirements under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Options to subscribe for
                                                        87,408,137 Shares had been granted (of which 3,300,000 options had lapsed) under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme from the date of its
                                                        adoption to December 31, 2018.


                                                        Set out below are details of the outstanding options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme:


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                             Closing Price
                                                                                                                                                                Per Share Outstanding       Granted     Cancelled        Lapsed      Exercised Outstanding
                                                                                                                                                 Exercise immediately             as at   during the   during the     during the     during the       as at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                        Category/                                                                                Price per     before the    January 1,   Reporting     Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    December
                                                        Name of Grantee          Date of Grant       Vesting Period        Exercise Period          Share date of grant           2018         Year          Year          Year           Year     31, 2018
Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018




                                                                                                                                                    (HK$)           (HK$)

                                                        Directors of the Group
                                                        Pan Yuexin               November 29, 2018   November 29, 2018 –   November 29, 2018 –      14.04           14.32            –      400,000             –                –           –     400,000
                                                                                                       November 28, 2023     November 28, 2023
                                                        Guo Hongxin              November 29, 2018   November 29, 2018 –   November 29, 2018 –      14.04           14.32            –      400,000             –                –           –     400,000
                                                                                                       November 28, 2023     November 28, 2023
                                                        Dai Zumian               November 29, 2018   November 29, 2018 –   November 29, 2018 –      14.04           14.32            –      400,000             –                –           –     400,000
                                                                                                       November 28, 2023     November 28, 2023


                                                        Senior management of the Group
                                                        Zhu Li                   October 11, 2017    December 31, 2019 –   December 31, 2019 –      8.330            8.07    1,000,000            –             –       200,000              –     800,000
                                                                                                       October 10, 2027      October 10, 2027
                                                                                                                                                                                              Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                    Closing Price
                                                                                                                                                       Per Share Outstanding       Granted     Cancelled        Lapsed      Exercised Outstanding
                                                                                                                                        Exercise immediately             as at   during the   during the     during the     during the        as at
                                                   Category/                                                                            Price per     before the    January 1,   Reporting     Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    December
                                                   Name of Grantee   Date of Grant        Vesting Period         Exercise Period           Share date of grant           2018         Year          Year          Year           Year      31, 2018
                                                                                                                                           (HK$)           (HK$)

                                                   Other employees
                                                                     June 22, 2016        June 22, 2016 –        June 22, 2016 –           1.204            1.21     8,478,137           –             –                –      42,500     8,435,637
                                                                                            June 21, 2026          June 21, 2026
                                                                     September 23, 2016   September 23, 2017 –   September 23, 2017 –      2.406            2.30    11,700,000           –             –                –     255,000    11,445,000
                                                                                            September 22, 2026     September 22, 2026
                                                                     April 25, 2017       April 25, 2019 –       April 25, 2019 –          3.512            3.45    26,150,000           –             –       992,500              –    25,157,500
                                                                                            April 24, 2027         April 24, 2027
                                                                     October 11, 2017     July 25, 2019 –        July 25, 2019 –           8.330            8.07    10,650,000           –             –       275,000              –    10,375,000
                                                                                            October 10, 2027       October 10, 2027
                                                                     November 20, 2017    December 31, 2019 –    December 31, 2019 –       9.350            8.91     9,280,000           –             –       645,000              –     8,635,000
                                                                                            November 19, 2027      November 19, 2027
                                                                     May 4, 2018          January 1, 2019 to     January 1, 2019 to        26.46           26.65            –     9,600,000            –                –           –     9,600,000
                                                                                            May 3, 2028            May 3, 2028
                                                                     November 29, 2018    November 29, 2018 –    November 29, 2018 –       14.04           14.32            –     1,800,000            –                –           –     1,800,000
                                                                                            November 28, 2028      November 28, 2028
                                                                                                                                                                    67,258,137   12,600,000            –      2,112,500       297,500    77,448,137


                                                   For further details of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, please refer to Appendix V “Statutory and General Information” of the Prospectus and
                                                   note 31 to the financial statements in this annual report.


Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


45
46
                                                   C.   SUBSIDIARY SHARE OPTION SCHEME
                                                        The Company approved and adopted the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme on December 21, 2017. The Subsidiary Share Option Scheme is
                                                        subject to the requirements under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.


                                                        Options to subscribe for 8,085,000 shares of Legend Cayman had been granted (of which 26,000 options had lapsed) under the Subsidiary
                                                        Share Option Scheme from the date of its adoption to the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this annual report.


                                                        Set out below are details of the outstanding options under the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme:


                                                                                                                                                                             Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                       Outstanding      Granted    Cancelled       Lapsed      Exercise    Outstanding
                                                                                                                                           Exercise           as at   during the   during the   during the    during the         as at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                                        Category/                                                    Exercise              Price per     January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     Reporting December 31,
                                                        Name of Grantee    Date of Grant       Vesting Period        Period                  Shares           2018         Year         Year           Year        Year          2018
Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018




                                                                                                                                              (US$)

                                                        Senior management of the Group
                                                        Chou Chuan-Chu     December 26, 2017   December 31, 2019 –   December 31, 2019 –        0.5        500,000            –            –      500,000             –             –
                                                         (resigned in                            December 25, 2027     December 25, 2027
                                                         May 2018)
                                                        Other Employees    December 26, 2017   December 31, 2019 –   December 31, 2019 –        0.5      7,600,000            –            –     1,253,000            –      6,347,000
                                                                                                 December 25, 2027     December 25, 2027
                                                                           August 30, 2018     August 30, 2019 –     August 30, 2019 –            1              –    7,314,000            –       26,000             –      7,288,000
                                                                                                 August 30, 2026       August 29, 2028
                                                                           December 31, 2018   December 31, 2019 –   December 31, 2019 –          1              –      696,000            –              -           –       696,000
                                                                                                 December 31, 2026     December 30, 2027


                                                                                                                                                         8,100,000    8,010,000            –     1,779,000            –     14,331,000


                                                        Apart from the movements as stated above, no options were granted, exercised, lapsed or cancelled under the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme
                                                        during the year ended December 31, 2018.
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUMMARY OF THE SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
                    Pre-IPO Share                    Post-IPO Share                         Subsidiary Share
     Details        Option Scheme                    Option Scheme                          Option Scheme

1.   Purpose        To recognise and acknowledge     To provide participants with           To provide participants with
                    the contributions that the       the opportunity to acquire             the oppor tunity to acquire
                    eligible par ticipants have      proprietary interests in the           proprietary interests in Legend
                    or may have made to the          Company and to encourage               Cayman and to encourage
                    Group and to provide the         participants to work towards           participants to work towards
                    eligible participants with an    enhancing the value of the             enhancing the value of Legend
                    opportunity to have a personal   Company and its Shares for             Cayman and its shares for the
                    stake in the Company with        the benefit of the Company             benefit of Legend Cayman and
                    a view to (1) attract skilled    and its shareholders as a              its shareholders as a whole.
                    and experienced personnel;       whole. The Post-IPO Share              The Subsidiary Share Option
                    (2) incentivise them to          Option Scheme will provide             Scheme will provide Legend
                    remain with the Group; and       the Company with a flexible            Cayman with a flexible means
                    (3) motivate them to strive      means of either retaining,             of either retaining, incentivising,
                    for the future development       incentivising, rewarding,              rewarding, remunerating,
                    and expansion of the Group       remunerating, compensating,            compensating and/or providing
                    by providing them with the       and/or providing benefits to           benefits to participants.
                    opportunity to acquire equity    participants.
                    interests in the Company.


2.   Participants   Directors, employees, or         The Board may offer to grant           Directors (including executive
                    consultants of any member of     an option to any participants          directors, non-executive
                    the Group.                       a s t h e B o a r d m a y, i n i t s   d i re cto rs a n d i n d e p e n d e n t
                                                     absolute discretion, select.           non-executive directors) and
                                                                                            employees of any member of
                                                                                            the Group; provided that for any
                                                                                            participant who is subject to the
                                                                                            tax laws of the United States of
                                                                                            America (the “U.S. Participant”),
                                                                                            such participant must be a
                                                                                            natural person and a director or
                                                                                            employee of Legend Cayman or
                                                                                            a subsidiary of Legend Cayman
                                                                                            that is at least 50% owned by
                                                                                            Legend Cayman.




                                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                    47
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                       Pre-IPO Share                     Post-IPO Share                   Subsidiary Share
       Details         Option Scheme                     Option Scheme                    Option Scheme

 3.    Maximum         As of December 31, 2018,          The maximum number of            The maximum number of shares
       number of       options to subscribe for          Shares in respect of which       of Legend Cayman in respect of
       Shares to be    Shares in the aggregate of        options may be granted under     which options may be granted
       allotted        184,394,194 were outstanding,     the Post-IPO Share Option        under the Subsidiary Share
                       representing approximately        Scheme was 160,000,000,          Option Scheme was 20,000,000,
                       10.05% of the issued share        representing approximately       representing approximately 10%
                       capital of the Company as of      8.72% of the issued share        of the issued share capital of
                       December 31, 2018. No further     capital of the Company as of     Legend Cayman as of December
                       option may be granted under       December 31, 2018.               31, 2018.
                       the Pre-IPO Share Option
                       Scheme.                           The maximum number               The maximum number of shares
                                                         of Shares that may be            of Legend Cayman that may
                                                         issued upon exercise of all      be issued upon exercise of all
                                                         outstanding options granted      outstanding options granted
                                                         and yet to be exercised under    and yet to be exercised under
                                                         the Post-IPO Share Option        the Subsidiary Share Option
                                                         Scheme and any other scheme      S ch e m e a n d ot h e r s ch e m e
                                                         of the Company must not in       of Legend Cayman must not
                                                         aggregate exceed 30% of the      exceed 30% of the shares of
                                                         total number of Shares in        Legend Cayman in issue from
                                                         issue from time to time.         time to time.


                                                         Options to subscribe for         Options to subscribe for
                                                         12,600,000 Shares had been       8,010,000 shares of Legend
                                                         granted (of which no options     Cayman had been granted under
                                                         had lapsed) under the Post-      the Subsidiary Share Option
                                                         IPO Share Option Scheme for      Scheme for the year ended
                                                         the year ended December 31,      December 31, 2018.
                                                         2018.


 4.    Maximum –       –                                 1% of the issued share capital   1% of the issued share capital
       entitlement                                       of the Company from time         of Legend Cayman from time to
       of each                                           to time within any 12 month      time within any 12 month period
       participant                                       period up to the date of the     up to the date of the latest
                                                         latest grant.                    grant.




48    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                     Pre-IPO Share                   Post-IPO Share                           Subsidiary Share
     Details         Option Scheme                   Option Scheme                            Option Scheme

5.   Option period   At any time and from time to    The period of time to be                 The period of time to be notified
                     time up to December 31, 2025.   notified by the Board to each            by the board of Legend Cayman
                                                     grantee at the time of making            to each grantee at the time of
                                                     a n o f f e r, w h i c h s h a l l b e   making an offer, which shall
                                                     determined by the Board in its           be determined by the board of
                                                     absolute discretion at the time          Legend Cayman in its absolute
                                                     of grant, but such period must           discretion at the time of grant,
                                                     not exceed 10 years from the             but such period must not
                                                     date of grant of the relevant            exceed 10 years from the date
                                                     option.                                  of grant of the relevant option
                                                                                              (or 5 years in the case of an
                                                     The terms of an offer may                incentive stock option within the
                                                     include any minimum periods              meaning of Section 422 of the
                                                     for which an option must be              United States Internal Revenue
                                                     held and/or any minimum                  Code of 1986 (the “Internal
                                                     performance targets that must            Revenue Code”) granted to
                                                     be reached, before the options           a U.S. Participant who is an
                                                     can be exercised in whole or             employee of Legend Cayman
                                                     in part, and may include at              or a subsidiary corporation (as
                                                     the discretion of the Board              defined in Section 1.424-1(f)
                                                     other terms imposed (or not              (1) and (2) of the U.S. Treasury
                                                     imposed), either on a case by            Regulations) of Legend Cayman,
                                                     case basis or generally.                 who owns (or is treated as
                                                                                              owning) stock possessing more
                                                                                              than 10% of the total combined
                                                                                              voting power of all classes
                                                                                              of stock of the corporation
                                                                                              employing the grantee or of any
                                                                                              parent corporation or subsidiary
                                                                                              corporation as defined in
                                                                                              Section 1.424-1(f)(1) and (2) of
                                                                                              the U.S. Treasury Regulations).


                                                                                              The ter ms of an offer may
                                                                                              include any minimum periods
                                                                                              for which an option must be held
                                                                                              or any performance targets that
                                                                                              must be reached, before the
                                                                                              options can be exercised, and
                                                                                              may include at the discretion
                                                                                              of the board of Legend Cayman
                                                                                              other terms imposed either on a
                                                                                              case by case basis or generally.


                                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                 49
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                        Pre-IPO Share                    Post-IPO Share                     Subsidiary Share
       Details          Option Scheme                    Option Scheme                      Option Scheme
 6.    Acceptance of    On acceptance of the offer       An option shall remain             An option shall remain open for
       offer            of the option, the participant   open for acceptance by the         acceptance by the participant
                        shall execute and return         participant concerned for a        concerned for a period of 21
                        an acceptance letter in          period of 21 days from the date    days from the date of the offer.
                        accordance with the terms and    of the offer. HK$1.00 is payable   U S $ 1.0 0 (o r i t s e q u i v a le n t
                        conditions set by the Company.   by the grantee to the Company      i n R M B ) i s p aya b l e by t h e
                                                         on acceptance of the offer of      grantee to Legend Cayman on
                                                         the option.                        acceptance of the offer of the
                                                                                            option.


 7.    Exercise Price   From US$0.003 to US$0.103        The Subscription Price shall be    The Subscription Price payable
                                                         no less than the highest of:       by any grantee (including a
                                                                                            non-U.S. Participant or a U.S.
                                                         (1) the closing price of the       Participant) shall be no less
                                                             Shares as stated in the        than the value of a share of
                                                             daily quotations sheet         Legend Cayman on the date of
                                                             issued by the Stock            grant, determined by the board
                                                             Exchange on the date of        of Legend Cayman in good faith
                                                             grant;                         with reference to a valuation
                                                                                            report to be obtained from
                                                         (2) the average closing price      time to time and in a manner
                                                             of the Shares as stated        that complies with Sections
                                                             in the daily quotations        409A and 422 of the Internal
                                                             sheets issued by the Stock     Revenue Code, subject to
                                                             Exchange for the five          rounding adjustments as may
                                                             business days immediately      be determined by the board of
                                                             preceding the date of grant    Legend Cayman at its absolute
                                                             (provided that in the event    discretion, provided that with
                                                             that any option is proposed    respect to the period from
                                                             to be granted within a         the date when the Company
                                                             period of less than five       resolves to seek a separate
                                                             business days after the        listing of Legend Cayman on
                                                             trading of the Shares first    The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                                             commences on the Stock         Kong Limited, Growth Enterprise
                                                             Exchange, the new issue        Market, or an overseas stock
                                                             price of the Shares for the    exchange and up to the listing
                                                             Global Offering shall be       date (if any), the rules under
                                                             used as the closing price      note (2) to rule 17.03(9) of the
                                                             for any business day falling   Listing Rules is complied with.
                                                             within the period before
                                                             listing of the Shares on the
                                                             Stock Exchange); and


                                                         (3) the nominal value of a
                                                             Share on the date of grant.

50    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                       Pre-IPO Share                   Post-IPO Share                       Subsidiary Share
       Details         Option Scheme                   Option Scheme                        Option Scheme

8.     Remaining life The Pre-IPO Share Option         It shall be valid and effective      It shall be valid and effective
       of the scheme   Scheme expired on December      fo r a p e r i o d of te n ye a rs   for a period of ten years
                       30, 2015.                       commencing on December 7,            commencing on December 21,
                                                       2015.                                2017.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Details of the remuneration of Directors and the five highest paid individuals are set out in note 8 and note 9 to
the financial statements in this annual report.


CHANGES TO INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
With effect from January 5, 2018, Mr. Huang Zuie-Chin (also known as James Zuie Huang) resigned as a non-
executive director of the Company in order to devote more time to his other work commitments. Please refer to
the announcement of the Company dated January 5, 2018 for more details. With effect from November 26, 2018,
Ms. Zhang Min resigned as an independent non-executive director of the Company in order to devote more time
to her other work commitments. On the same date, Ms. Wang Jiafen and Mr. Pan Jiuan were appointed as a non-
executive Director and an independent non-executive Director, respectively. Please refer to the announcement
of the Company dated November 26, 2018 for more details. Upon specific enquiry by the Company and following
confirmations from the Directors, there had been no other change to any of the information required to be
disclosed in relation to any Director pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51 (2) of the Listing Rules
during the Reporting Period that required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES, AND DEBENTURES
As of December 31, 2018, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company
in the Shares, underlying Shares, and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), which were required to be notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
and short positions, which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or were
required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or were required
to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules, are set out as
follows:




                                                                 Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018             51
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


 Long positions in the ordinary Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as of December 31, 2018


                                                                                                         Number of         Approximate
                                                                                                      Shares held/        Percentage of
 Name of Director               Capacity/Nature of Interest                                              interested        Shareholding
                                                                                                                                        (%)

 Zhang Fangliang                Interest in controlled corporation (Note 1), parties acting            995,955,561                   54.26
                                  in concert(Note 2) and founder of a discretionary trust
                                  (Note 8)




 Wang Luquan                    Interest in controlled corporation (Note 3), parties acting            995,955,561                   54.26
                                  in concert (Note 2), beneficial owner (Note 4) and other
                                  (Notes 8 and 9)




 Wang Ye                        Interest in controlled corporation (Note 5), parties acting            995,955,561                   54.26
                                  in concert (Note 2), beneficial owner (Note 6) and founder
                                  of a discretionary trust (Note 9)


 Meng Jiange                    Beneficial owner (Note 7)                                                 5,081,960                   0.28


 Pan Yuexin                     Beneficial owner (Note 10)                                                   400,000                  0.02


 Guo Hongxin                    Beneficial owner (Note 11)                                                   400,000                  0.02


 Dai Zumian                     Beneficial owner (Note 12)                                                   400,000                  0.02

 *         The percentage has been calculated based on 1,835,363,077 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2018.

 Notes:

 (1)       As of December 31, 2018, Zhang Fangliang held approximately 28.73% of the issued share capital of GS Corp and was deemed, or taken
           to be interested in, all the Shares held by GS Corp for the purpose of the SFO.

 (2)       On August 14, 2008, Zhang Fangliang, Wang Luquan, and Wang Ye entered into the GS Corp Shareholder Voting Agreement,
           whereby Zhang Fangliang, Wang Luquan, and Wang Ye agreed to vote unanimously in the shareholder meetings of GS Corp and,
           contemporaneously, proxies were conferred by Wang Luquan and Wang Ye to Zhang Fangliang authorising Zhang Fangliang to vote
           and exercise all voting and related rights with respect to the shares that each of Wang Luquan and Wang Ye beneficially owned in GS
           Corp, which held 887,402,024 Shares. On May 29, 2015, Wu Yongmei signed a proxy agreement whereby she conferred all her voting and
           related rights in relation to all the shares that she owned in GS Corp, i.e. 102,089,792 shares of GS Corp to Zhang Fangliang.

 (3)       As of December 31, 2018, Wang Luquan held approximately 23.69% in the issued share capital of GS Corp. Pursuant to the GS Corp
           Shareholder Voting Agreement and for the purpose of the SFO, Wang Luquan was deemed, or taken to be interested in, all the Shares
           held by GS Corp.




52        Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(4)    Wang Luquan held 3,216,640 underlying Shares under the options conditionally granted to him under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(5)    As of December 31, 2018, Wang Ye held approximately 6.10% in the issued share capital of GS Corp. Pursuant to the GS Corp
       Shareholder Voting Agreement and for the purpose of the SFO, Wang Ye was deemed, or taken to be interested in, all the Shares held by
       GS Corp.

(6)    Wang Ye held 105,336,897 underlying Shares under the options conditionally granted to her under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(7)    Meng Jiange held 5,081,960 underlying Shares under the options conditionally granted to him under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(8)    On October 12, 2017, Zhang Fangliang set up 2017 Fang Liang Zhang Trust (the “Zhang Trust”), an irrevocable discretionary family trust,
       with his three children and their respective living issue as beneficiaries. Jin Weihong, the spouse of Zhang Fangliang, is the trustee
       of the Zhang Trust. Zhang Fangliang transferred 5 million shares and 50 million shares of GS Corp to the Zhang Trust on October 17,
       2017 and December 1, 2017, respectively. Zhang Trust transferred 881,500 shares of GS Corp to Zhang Fangliang on December 5, 2018,
       on the same day Zhang Fangliang transferred 533,000 and 820,000 shares of GS Corp to Charity A and Charity B at nil consideration,
       respectively. The Zhang Trust (through its trustee), held approximately 11.85% of the entire issued share capital of GS Corp and was
       deemed, or taken to be interested in, all the Shares held by GS Corp for the purpose of the SFO.

(9)    On October 5, 2017, Wang Ye set up 2017 Wang Ye Family Trust (the “Wang Trust”), an irrevocable discretionary family trust, with
       her spouse, her son and his living issue as beneficiaries. Hu Zhiyong, the spouse of Wang Ye, is the trustee of the Wang Trust. Wang
       Ye transferred 2.5 million shares and 25 million shares of GS Corp to the Wang Trust on October 17, 2017 and December 1, 2017,
       respectively. Wang Trust transferred 354,600 shares of GS Corp to Wang Ye on December 5, 2018. The Wang Trust (through its trustee)
       held approximately 5.94% of the entire issued share capital of GS Corp and was deemed, or taken to be interested in, all the Shares
       held by GS Corp for the purpose of the SFO.

(10)   Pan Yuexin held 400,000 underlying Shares under the options granted to him under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(11)   Guo Hongxin held 400,000 underlying Shares under the options granted to him under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(12)   Dai Zumian held 400,000 underlying Shares under the options granted to him under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Option Schemes”, no rights to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company were granted to any Director or their respective spouses
or children under 18 years of age, nor were any such rights exercised by them, nor was the Company or any of its
subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors, or their respective spouses or children under 18
years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body corporate at any time during the Year.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN SHARES
As of December 31, 2018, within the knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (other than the Directors
or chief executive of the Company) had an interest or a short position in the Shares or underlying Shares that
would be required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO
or as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:




                                                                            Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                 53
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


 Long position in the ordinary Shares of the Company as of December 31, 2018


                                                                                                               Number
                                                                                                            of Shares/
                                                                                                            underlying         Approximate
                                                                                                         Shares held/         Percentage of
 Name                           Capacity/Nature of Interest                                                 interested        Shareholding
                                                                                                                                            (%)

 GS Corp (Note 1)               Beneficial owner                                                          887,402,024                    48.35


 Jin Weihong (Note 2)           Interest in controlled corporation, parties acting in                     995,955,561                    54.26
                                   concert and trustee


 Hu Zhiyong (Note 3)            Interest in controlled corporation, parties acting in                     995,955,561                    54.26
                                   concert and trustee

 *         The percentage has been calculated based on 1,835,363,077 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2018.

 Notes:

 (1)       As of December 31, 2018, GS Corp is a company incorporated in the State of Delaware in the United States and owned as to
           approximately 28.73%, approximately 11.85%, approximately 23.69%, approximately 10.64%, approximately 0.77%, approximately
           10.95%, approximately 6.1%, approximately 5.94%, approximately 1.04%, approximately 0.11% and approximately 0.18% by Zhang
           Fangliang, the Zhang Trust, Wang Luquan, Wu Yongmei, the Wu 2017 Trust(Note 4), the Wu 2018 Trust(Note 4), Wang Ye, the Wang Trust, Mu
           Yingjun, Charity A and Charity B, respectively.

 (2)       On October 12, 2017, Zhang Fangliang set up the Zhang Trust, an irrevocable discretionary family trust, with his three children and
           their respective living issue as beneficiaries. Jin Weihong, the spouse of Zhang Fangliang, is the trustee of the Zhang Trust. Zhang
           Fangliang transferred 5 million shares and 50 million shares of GS Corp to the Zhang Trust on October 17, 2017 and December 1, 2017,
           respectively. Zhang Trust transferred 881,500 shares of GS Corp to Zhang Fangliang on December 5, 2018, on the same day Zhang
           Fangliang transferred 533,000 and 820,000 shares of GS Corp to Charity A and Charity B at nil consideration, respectively. Jin Weihong,
           as the trustee of the Zhang Trust, held approximately 11.85% of the entire issued share capital of GS Corp and was deemed, or taken to
           be interested in, all the Shares held by GS Corp for the purpose of the SFO.

 (3)       On October 5, 2017, Wang Ye set up the Wang Trust, an irrevocable discretionary family trust, with her spouse, her son and his living
           issue as beneficiaries. Hu Zhiyong, the spouse of Wang Ye, is the trustee of the Wang Trust. Wang Ye transferred 2.5 million shares and
           25 million shares of GS Corp to the Wang Trust on October 17, 2017 and December 1, 2017, respectively. Wang Trust transferred 354,600
           shares of GS Corp to Wang Ye on December 5, 2018. Hu Zhiyong, as the trustee of the Wang Trust, held approximately 5.94% of the
           entire issued share capital of GS Corp and was deemed, or taken to be interested in, all the Shares held by GS Corp for the purpose of
           the SFO.

 (4)       On December 17, 2017, Wu Yongmei set up 2017 Wu Yongmei Trust (the “Wu 2017 Trust”), an irrevocable family trust, with her two
           children and their respective living issue as beneficiaries. Wu Yongmei and her two children, are the trustees of the Wu 2017 Trust. On
           October 29, 2018, Wu Yongmei set up 2018 Wu Yongmei Trust (the “Wu 2018 Trust”), an irrevocable family trust, with her two children
           and their respective living issue as beneficiaries. Wu Yongmei is the trustee of the Wu 2018 Trust. On November 1, 2018, Wu Yongmei
           transferred 3.5 million shares of GS Corp to the Wu 2017 Trust and 50 million shares of GS Corp to the Wu 2018 Trust.


 Save as disclosed above, as of the date of this annual report, the Directors have not been aware of any person
 who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares that would be required to be disclosed
 to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register and
 required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




54        Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, REDEMPTION, OR SALE OF THE LISTED SECURITIES
During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company repurchased 6,278,000 shares on the Stock Exchange
for an aggregate consideration of HK$89,702,560 before expenses. The repurchased shares were subsequently
cancelled. The repurchase was effected by the Board for the enhancement of value for the Company and the
Shareholders in the long term.


Details of the shares repurchased are as follows:


                                                             Repurchased price per Share
                                               Number
                                              of shares                                                Aggregate
Month of purchase in 2018                    purchased            Highest            Lowest        consideration
                                                                    (HK$)              (HK$)                (HK$)

September                                    2,360,000              16.06               13.5          35,908,880
October                                      3,918,000              15.06             10.96           53,793,680
Total                                        6,278,000                                                89,702,560


Save as disclosed in the table above, the Group had not purchased, sold, or redeemed any of the Company’s
listed securities during the year ended December 31, 2018.


TOP-UP PLACING
On June 7, 2018, the Company, Genscript Corporation, one of the controlling shareholders of the Company
(the “Vendor”), and J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited and Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. (the “Placing
Agents”) completed a placing of the Vendor’s 75,000,000 ordinary shares in the Company by the Placing
Agents on a fully underwritten basis to not less than six placees at the price of HK$26.50 per share (the
“Vendor Placing”) pursuant to a placing and subscription agreement dated June 5, 2018 (the “Placing and
Subscription Agreement”). On June 13, 2018, the Vendor completed the subscription of an aggregate of
75,000,000 shares of the Company at the price of HK$26.50 per share pursuant to the Placing and Subscription
Agreement (the “Subscription”, together with the Vendor Placing, the “Top-Up Placing”). The net proceeds, after
deducting commissions, fees and expenses payable to the Placing Agents and other incidental expense, is
HK$1,971,702,660.50 (equivalent to approximately US$251.3 million). A detailed breakdown and description of
the use of the net proceeds from the Top-Up Placing is set forth as follows:




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      55
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                                                             Utilized     Unutilized   Intended year
                                                             Amount amount during       amount as at   of application
                                                   expected to be       the Reporting   December 31,   of unutilized
 Item                                                        utilized         Period           2018    amount
                                                      US$ million         US$ million    US$ million

 Building up CAR-T R&D and production
       facility in China, the US and Europe                    125.0             24.3          100.7   2019 to 2020
     Global team building for the Group’s
       talent program and CAR-T therapies,
       including regulatory, R&D, production and
       commercialization                                        25.0              6.0           19.0   2019 to 2020
     Building up the GMP manufacturing
       facilities for plasmid and biologics
       products                                                 75.0              2.6           72.4   2019 to 2020
     General working capital purpose                            26.3               –            26.3   2019 to 2020
 Total                                                         251.3             32.9          218.4


 Please refer to the announcements dated June 4, 2018, June 5, 2018, June 8, 2018, June 13, 2018 and June 14,
 2018 for details of the Top-Up Placing.


 On June 7, 2018, Ms. Wang Ye 王燁, an executive director, the president and one of the controlling shareholders
 of the Company (“Ms. Wang”), and the Placing Agents completed a placing of Ms. Wang’s 15,000,000 ordinary
 shares in the Company by the Placing Agents on a fully underwritten basis to not less than six placees at the
 price of HK$26.50 per share pursuant to a placing agreement dated June 5, 2018 (the “Wang Placing”). Please
 refer to the announcements dated June 4, 2018, June 5, 2018, June 8, 2018, June 13, 2018, June 14, 2018 for
 details of the Wang Placing.


 PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
 There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands that would
 oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.




56        Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


NON-COMPETING UNDERTAKINGS
The controlling shareholders of the Company, namely Zhang Fangliang, Wang Luquan, Wang Ye and GS Corp,
or any of them (the “Controlling Shareholders”), have signed the deed of non-competition (the “Deed of Non-
competition”) dated December 7, 2015, pursuant to which, each of our Controlling Shareholders shall, and shall
procure that their respective close associates and/or companies controlled by them (other than the Group) (i)
not, directly or indirectly, either on its own account or in conjunction with or on behalf of any person, firm, or
company, among other things, carry on, participate, or be interested or engage in or acquire or hold (in each case
whether as a shareholder, director, partner, agent, employee, or otherwise, and whether for profit, reward, or
otherwise) any activity or business that competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with the business
of the Group referred to in the Prospectus and any other business from time to time conducted, carried on, or
contemplated to be carried on by any member of the Group or in which any member of the Group is engaged or
has invested, or which any member of the Group has otherwise publicly announced its intention to enter into,
engage in, or invest in (whether as principal or agent and whether undertaken directly or through any body
corporate, partnership, joint venture, or other contractual or other arrangement) (the “Restricted Activity”), (ii)
provide all information requested by the Company that is necessary for an annual review by our independent
non-executive Directors of its compliance with the Deed of Non-competition and the enforcement of the Deed
of Non-competition, (iii) procure the Company to disclose decisions on matters reviewed by our independent
non-executive Directors relating to the compliance and enforcement of the Deed of Non-competition, either
through the annual report or by way of announcement(s) to the public, and (iv) make an annual declaration
on compliance with its undertaking under the Deed of Non-competition in the annual reports of the Company
as our independent non-executive Directors think fit and/or as required by the relevant requirements under
the Listing Rules. Details of the Deed of Non-competition are set out in the section headed “Relationship with
Controlling Shareholders” of the Prospectus.


The Company has received the annual confirmation of controlling shareholders in respect of their compliance
with the non-competition undertakings under the Deed of Non-competition during the year ended December 31,
2018.


The independent non-executive Directors also reviewed the Controlling Shareholders’ compliance with the
non-competition undertakings. The independent non-executive Directors confirmed that the Controlling
Shareholders were not in breach of the non-competition undertakings during the year ended December 31,
2018.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
Save as disclosed in this annual report, as at December 31, 2018, no executive Director, non-executive Director
or any of their close associates had any interests in any business that competed or was likely to compete, either
directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group under Rule 8.10(2) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   57
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


 CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
 During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company had no connected transactions or continuing connected
 transactions that were required to be disclosed pursuant to the provisions under Chapter 14A of the Listing
 Rules.


 CHARITABLE DONATIONS
 During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group donated US$54,332 to non-profit organisations for
 charitable and community purposes.


 MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 As of December 31, 2018, the Group was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration, and no material
 litigation or claim was pending or threatened against the Group as far as the Directors were aware of.


 AUDIT COMMITTEE
 The Audit Committee has reviewed the annual results announcement for 2018 and the financial statements for
 the year ended December 31, 2018 prepared in accordance with the HKFRS.


 COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
 The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance practices. The
 Company has applied the principles set out in the Corporate Governance Code and the Corporate Governance
 Report (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. During the Reporting Period, save as
 disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report, the Company has complied with the mandatory code provisions
 of the CG Code. For details, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report on pages 63 to 77 in this annual
 report.


 SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
 Based on information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Directors
 confirmed that the Company had maintained a sufficient public float of more than 25% of the Company’s issued
 share capital as required under the Listing Rules as of the date of this annual report.


 CONSULTING PROFESSIONAL TAX ADVISERS
 The Company’s shareholders are recommended to consult professional advisers if they are in any doubt as
 to the tax implications of the purchasing, holding, disposal of, buying, and selling of the Company’s Shares or
 exercising any rights concerned.




58    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


AUDITORS
Ernst & Young, Certified Public Accountants (“Ernst & Young”) was appointed as the auditors to audit the
financial statements prepared in accordance with the HKFRS for the year ended December 31, 2018. Ernst &
Young shall retire at the forthcoming AGM and is eligible and has offered itself for re-election. The resolution
regarding the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the auditors, of the Company will be proposed at the
forthcoming AGM.


BUSINESS REVIEW PURSUANT TO SCHEDULE 5 OF THE COMPANIES ORDINANCE
(CHAPTER 622 OF THE LAWS OF HONG KONG)
A fair review of the business of the Company and a discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during
the Reporting Period and the material factors underlying its results and financial position are provided in the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” from pages 11 to 22 of this annual report.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group include commercial, operational and financial risks.


Commercial Risks

The Group is facing keen competition with other life sciences research and application services and products
providers. To maintain the Group’s competitiveness, the management uses cost leadership strategy as well as
diversifies its business strategies to outperform other competitors.


Operational Risks

The Group is exposed to operational risks associated with each business segment of the Group. To manage the
operational risks, the senior management regularly reviews the Group’s operations to ensure that the Group’s
risks of losses, whether financial or otherwise, resulting from fraud, errors, omissions and other operational and
compliance matters, are adequately managed. The senior management is also responsible for overseeing the
implementation of the Group’s risk management policies and procedures and shall report any irregularities to
the Directors and seek directions. The Group emphasises ethical values and prevention of fraud and bribery. In
this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s operational risks are effectively mitigated.


Financial Risks

The principle financial risks are set out in the note 41 to the financial statements in this report headed “Financial
Risk Management Objectives and Policies”.




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         59
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


 IMPORTANT EVENTS
 The European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) granted a “PRIority MEdicines” (“PRIME”) designation to Janssen-Cilag
 International N.V. (“Janssen”) for JNJ-68284528 (“JNJ-4528”), the investigational B cell maturation antigen
 (BCMA) chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapy, which has been previously identified as LCAR-B38M.
 The PRIME designation is based on results from the Phase 1/2 LEGEND-2 study (NCT03090659) evaluating
 LCAR-B38M sponsored by Nanjing Legend Biotechnology Co., Ltd.* 南京傳奇生物科技有限公司, a controlled
 subsidiary of the Company, and the Phase 1b/2 CARTITUDE-1 study (NCT03548207) evaluating JNJ-4528,
 sponsored by Janssen and being conducted in collaboration with Legend Biotech USA Inc.. Results from the
 LEGEND-2 study were presented at American Society of Clinical Oncology (“ASCO”), European Hematology
 Association and American Society of Hematology (“ASH”) in 2017, and most recently at ASH 2018. It is
 anticipated that results from the CARTITUDE-1 study will be presented at a future congress. Please refer to the
 announcement dated April 4, 2019 for details.


 FUTURE DEVELOPMENT
 Looking forward to 2019, the Group continues to concentrate on implementing the following business strategies:


 i.    Further investment in research and development and production capacity, focusing on the following key
       business areas:


       a)     Cell therapies – We will put increasing effort to this space. We aim to develop and gain advanced
              CAR-T, TCR (T cell receptor), and other gene therapy technologies, extend our current autologous
              platform into allogeneic platform. We intend to target onto hematologic malignancies, solid
              tumors, infectious diseases, and autoimmune diseases;


       b)     Biological drug CDMO service platform – We aim to expand the application of our SMAB platform
              to provide advanced biological drug development services; further expand the GMP production
              capacity to enable fully integrated biological drug development and manufacturing capability; and


       c)     Molecular biology CRO and product offering – to further strengthen our global leading position in
              gene synthesis and other life sciences technology products and services.




60    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ii.    Further strengthening of the sales and marketing forces in order to continue improving our market
       penetration into:


       a)    Establish cell therapy commercial team in the United States and the China markets to prepare
             for the necessary procedures and certification with the intention to conduct a global commercial
             launch of the product of LCAR-B38M;


       b)    Further strengthen the collaboration between our CDMO platform with the biotech and biopharma
             community by providing innovative solutions from both scientific and commercial perspectives;


       c)    Enhance the penetration into the key accounts through strategic cooperation and to build up long
             term mutual beneficial relationships; and


       d)    Further consolidate our leading position on molecular biology services and products market by
             pushing the boundary into broader life science applications.


iii.   We aim to pursue strategic acquisition opportunities for cutting-edge techniques and business entities
       as they arise in order to complement the existing internal capacity and to speed up the overall growth.


FINANCIAL KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
A summary of the results and assets and liabilities of the Company for the last five financial years is set out on
page 6 in this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
In support of sustainable development, the Company invested an amount of approximately RMB380,000 on a
set of heating system to reduce the use of natural gas, improve the efficiency, and reduce the emission of dust,
nitrogen oxide, and sulfur dioxide. The heating system has been installed and running since November 2018, and
has reduced energy consumption by about 40,000 kwh per month.


To answer the call of reducing pollutions, the Group has spent RMB380,000 on a sludge desiccated system to
reduce the water content in sludge from waste water treatment station. Since the system has been installed in
June 2018, it reduced the volume of waste sludge by about 3 tons per month.




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    61
 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
 The Group recognises the importance of compliance with regulatory requirements and the risk of non-compliance
 with such requirements could lead to the termination of operating licenses. The Group has implemented
 procedures to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations and to maintain cordial working relationships
 with regulators through effective communications. During the year under review, the Group has complied, to the
 best of our knowledge, with the SFO, the Listing Rules, and other relevant rules and regulations.


 RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES
 The Group encouraged the employees to enhance their competitiveness and ability to innovate new services and
 products. This raised the momentum in the research and development as well as marketing efforts to increase
 the revenue of the Group. Through solidifying its business foundation and adjusting its operation directives,
 the Group is striving to forge ahead under adverse conditions to allow us to achieve new progresses in terms of
 production and operation under a positive and hardworking work culture.


 RELATIONSHIPS WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
 We had established a highly diversified customer base, including pharmaceutical and biotech companies,
 colleges and universities, research institutes, government bodies (including government testing and diagnostic
 centers), and distributors. The Group strives to “Make Research Easy” by offering life sciences research and
 application services and products for conducting fundamental life sciences research, translational biomedical
 research, and early stage pharmaceutical development. Our synthetic biology products are used by industry
 users, such as those in the food and feed industries. In 2018, we expanded the range of our services and
 products and developed new customer accounts. The total number of customers has increased by approximately
 14.1% compared to the total number of customers in 2017.


 Owing to our vast array of services and products, we procure a wide variety of raw materials from a large number
 of suppliers for our business segments. As of December 31, 2018, we had a total of approximately 810 suppliers
 of different raw materials for our production that are mostly located in China. In 2018, we maintained sound
 relationships with our suppliers such that we could meet business challenges and comply with regulatory
 requirements, thereby deriving cost effectiveness and reaping long term business benefits.


 By order of the Board



 Dr. Zhang Fangliang
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


 Hong Kong, March 22, 2019




62    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is pleased to present this corporate governance report as set out in the annual report of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2018.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the
shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the CG Code contained
in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules (as in effect from time to time) as its own code of corporate governance.


Save as disclosed in this corporate governance report on page 65 regarding the deviation from code provision
A.2.1 of the CG Code, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions as set out in the CG
Code during the year ended December 31, 2018 and up to the date of this annual report. The Company will
continue to review and enhance its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code.


THE BOARD
Responsibilities

The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, oversees the Group’s strategic decisions, and
monitors business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day
management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects
of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established four Board committees, including the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee, and the Sanctions Risks Control Committee (together,
the “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated responsibilities to the Board Committees as set out in their
respective terms of reference.


All Directors shall ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and
regulations, and in the interests of the Company and the shareholders at all times.


Board Composition

As of the date of this annual report, the Board comprises nine members, consisting of three executive Directors,
three non-executive Directors, and three independent non-executive Directors as set out below:


Executive Directors

Dr. Zhang Fangliang (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Wang Ye (President)
Mr. Meng Jiange (Vice President of Investor Relations)


Non-executive Directors

Dr. Wang Luquan
Mr. Pan Yuexin
Ms. Wang Jiafen


Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Guo Hongxin
Mr. Dai Zumian
Mr. Pan Jiuan



                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   63
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 The biographies of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this
 annual report.


 During the year ended December 31, 2018 and up to the date of this annual report, the Board met the
 requirements of Rules 3.10 (1) and 3.10 (2) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
 independent non-executive Directors with at least one independent non-executive Director possessing
 appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


 The Company has also complied with Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules, which relates to the appointment of
 independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.


 Each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of
 the Listing Rules, and the Company considers each of them to be independent.


 None of the Directors has any personal relationship (including financial, business, family, or other material/
 relevant relationship) with any other Director.


 All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
 experience, knowledge, and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent
 non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the
 Nomination Committee.


 With regards to the CG Code provision requiring directors to disclose the number and nature of offices held in
 public companies or organisations and other significant commitments, as well as their identities and the times
 involved in the issuer, the Directors have agreed to disclose their commitments to the Company in a timely
 manner.


 INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
 Each newly appointed Director is provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that he/she
 has a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities
 under relevant statutes, laws, rules, and regulations. The Company also arranges regular seminars to provide
 Directors with updates on the latest developments and changes in the Listing Rules and other relevant legal and
 regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided with regular updates on the Group’s
 performance, position and, prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties.


 According to the records kept by the Company, all the existing Directors have received continuous and
 professional development and training, as set out below, with an emphasis on the roles, functions, and duties of
 directors in listed companies:




64    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                                                Attending internal briefings or
                                                                               trainings, participating seminars,
                                                                                     or reviewing materials

Name of Directors
Executive Directors
Zhang Fangliang                                                                                 ✓
Wang Ye                                                                                         ✓
Meng Jiange                                                                                     ✓


Non-executive Directors
Wang Luquan                                                                                     ✓
Pan Yuexin                                                                                      ✓
Wang Jiafen                                                                                     ✓


Independent non-executive Directors
Guo Hongxin                                                                                     ✓
Dai Zumian                                                                                      ✓
Pan Jiuan                                                                                       ✓

CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
As required by code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be
separate and performed by different individuals.


The Company deviates from this provision because Dr. Zhang Fangliang has been assuming the roles of both the
chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company since the Listing Date. The Board believes
that resting the roles of both the chairman and the chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit
of ensuring consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective and efficient overall strategic
planning for the Group. Although these two roles are performed by the same individual, certain responsibilities
are shared with the executive Directors to balance power and authority. In addition, all major decisions are
made in consultation with members of the Board, as well as with the senior management. The Board has three
independent non-executive Directors who offer different independent perspectives. Therefore, the Board is of
the view that the balance of power and safeguards in place are adequate. The Board would review and monitor
the situation on a regular basis, and it would ensure that the present structure would not impair the balance of
power in the Group.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a fixed term of three
years commencing from December 1, 2018, which can be terminated before the expiration of the term by not
less than six months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other.


Each of the non-executive Directors has signed an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three
years. The effective date of the appointments of Mr. Wang Luquan and Mr. Pan Yuexin is August 24, 2018, and
that of Ms. Wang Jiafen is November 26, 2018. Their appointments are subject to termination in accordance with
their respective terms.


                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     65
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 Each of the independent non-executive Directors has signed an appointment letter with the Company for a term
 of three years. The effective date of the appointment of Mr. Guo Hongxin and Mr. Dai Zumian is August 24, 2018,
 and that of Mr. Pan Jiuan is November 26, 2018. Their appointments are subject to termination in accordance
 with their respective terms.


 Save as disclosed above, no Director has entered into a service contract with the Group that is not determinable
 by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


 Pursuant to the Articles, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors shall retire from office by
 rotation, provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.
 Any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting
 of the Company after his/her appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting, and any Director
 appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual
 general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.


 The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles. The
 Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition, and making recommendations to the
 Board on appointment, re-election, and succession planning of Directors.


 BOARD MEETINGS
 The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly. Notices of not less than 14 days are given
 for regular board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the
 agenda for a regular meeting.


 For other committee meetings, a reasonable notice will be given in writing to all committee members. The
 meeting notice states the time and place of the meeting. The agenda and accompanying board committee
 papers will be provided at least three days before the date of meeting to ensure that Directors have sufficient
 time to review the papers and be adequately prepared for the meetings. When Directors or committee members
 are unable to attend a meeting, they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to
 make their views known to the chairman prior to the meeting.


 Minutes of the Board meetings and Board committee meetings will be recorded in sufficient details for the
 matters considered by the Board and the Board committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns
 raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and committee meeting are/will be sent to the
 Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held.


 During the Reporting Period, the Board held five meetings on March 16, 2018, July 5, 2018, August 27, 2018,
 September 30, 2018 and November 26, 2018 to cover the following aspects:


 (a)    to consider and review the financial statement for the year ended December 31, 2017 and for the six-
        month period ended June 30, 2018 and matters concerning corporate governance and management;


 (b)    to discuss the overall strategies of the Group, monitor the financial and operational performance, and
        approve the annual and interim results of the Group;




66     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(c)     to consider and approve the external investments;


(d)     to consider and discuss matters concerning the implementation of the Share Option Schemes; and


(e)     to consider and discuss matters relating to sanctions, audition and remuneration.


The attendance of the individual Directors at the Board meetings mentioned above and the general meeting is
set out below:


                                                                          Attended/Eligible to attend
Name of Directors                                                      Board meetings          General Meeting

Zhang Fangliang                                                                     5/5                         1/1
Wang Ye                                                                             5/5                         1/1
Meng Jiange                                                                         5/5                         1/1
Wang Luquan                                                                         5/5                         1/1
Pan Yuexin                                                                          5/5                         1/1
Wang Jiafen (appointed on November 26, 2018)                                        1/5                         0/0
Guo Hongxin                                                                         5/5                         1/1
Dai Zumian                                                                          5/5                         1/1
Zhang Min (resigned on November 26, 2018)                                           4/5                         0/1
Pan Jiuan (appointed on November 26, 2018)                                          1/5                         0/0

The Company’s external auditors also attended the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 1,
2018.


During the Reporting Period, the chairman of the Board met with the independent non-executive Directors
without the presence of the other executive Directors to discuss and obtain independent advice on the business
operations and financial condition of the Company.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted its own Code for Securities Transaction by Directors and Specified Individuals (the
“Code”) on terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code as set out in Appendix
10 of the Listing Rules. Specific inquiry has been made to all the Directors and each of the Directors has
confirmed that he/she has complied with the Code during the Reporting Period.


The Code is also applicable to the Company’s relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of
unpublished inside information of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities. No
incidents of non-compliance with the Code by the Directors and the relevant employees of the Company were
noted by the Company during the Reporting Period.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         67
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 DELEGATION BY THE BOARD
 The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters of the Group, including approval and monitoring of
 all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material
 transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment
 of Directors, and other significant financial and operational matters. Directors could have recourse to seek
 independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense and are encouraged to
 access and to consult with the Group’s senior management independently.


 The daily management, administration, and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management.
 The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained
 from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the management.


 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
 The Board recognises that corporate governance shall be the collective responsibility of the Directors and their
 corporate governance duties include:


 1.    to develop and review the Group’s policies and practices on corporate governance;


 2.    to review and monitor the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
       requirements;


 3.    to develop, review, and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
       employees and directors; and


 4.    to review the Group’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.


 The duty to review and monitor the training record and continuous professional development of the Directors
 and senior management of the Group has been delegated to the Remuneration Committee.


 BOARD COMMITTEES
 Nomination Committee

 The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members, including an executive Director, namely, Dr.
 Zhang Fangliang (chairman of the Nomination Committee) and two independent non-executive Directors,
 namely, Ms. Zhang Min (resigned on November 26, 2018), Mr. Pan Jiuan (appointed on November 26, 2018) and
 Mr. Dai Zumian.


 The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include:


 1.    to review the structure, size, composition, and diversity (including but not limited to the gender, age,
       educational background or professional experience, skills, knowledge, and length of service) of the Board
       at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the
       Company’s corporate strategy;




68    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


2.     to identify individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and select or make
       recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;


3.     to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;


4.     to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of members of the Board
       and succession planning for members of the Board; and


5.     to review the board diversity policy as appropriate to ensure its effectiveness and if necessary,
       recommend any revision suggestions to the Board for consideration and approval.


The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in
the CG Code and available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.


The Nomination Committee will assess the candidate or incumbent on criteria such as integrity, experience,
skill, and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties. The recommendations of the Nomination
Committee will then be put to the Board for decision. The Nomination Committee should report back to the
Board on its decisions or recommendations after every Nomination Committee meeting.


Pursuant to code provision A.5.6 of the CG Code, listed issuers are required to adopt a board diversity policy. The
Company believes that board diversity can enhance the performance of the Company. After taking into account
the Company’s own business model and specific needs and upon the recommendation of the Nomination
Committee, the Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Policy”) to ensure that in designing the
Board’s composition, board diversity will be considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited
to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, and knowledge. All Board
appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having
due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board.


During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held two meeting on March 25, 2018 and November 26,
2018. The specific agenda of the Nomination Committee covered the following aspects:


(a)   to review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board;


(b)   to review the Company’s board diversity policy;


(c)   to assess the independence of the independent non-executive directors of the Company;


(d)   to make recommendation to the re-election of Directors; and


(e)   to make recommendation to the appointment of new Directors.




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    69
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 The attendance of the individual committee members at the Nomination Committee meeting mentioned above
 is set out below:


                                                                             Committee meetings attended/
 Name of Committee Member                                                                 eligible to attend

 Zhang Fangliang (chairman)                                                                             2/2
 Zhang Min (resigned on November 26, 2018)                                                              2/2
 Dai Zumian                                                                                             2/2
 Pan Jiuan (appointed on November 26, 2018)                                                             0/0

 Remuneration Committee

 The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, including two independent non-executive
 directors, namely, Mr. Guo Hongxin (chairman of the Remuneration Committee) and Mr. Dai Zumian, and an
 executive director, namely, Ms. Wang Ye.


 The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include:


 1.     to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all remuneration of
        members of the Board and senior management members and on the establishment of a formal and
        transparent procedure for developing policy on such remuneration;


 2.     to make recommendations to the Board of the remuneration of members of the Board who are non-
        executive Directors;


 3.     to consult with the chairman and/or the chief executive officer of the Company and, where deemed
        appropriate, senior management members about the Committee’s proposals relating to, and have the
        delegated responsibility to determine, the specific remuneration packages for the employment of all
        members of the Board who are executive directors and all senior management members, including
        benefits in kind, pension rights, and compensation payments, including any compensation payable for
        loss or termination of their office or appointment;


 4.     to review and approve performance-based remuneration payable to members of the Board who are
        executive directors, and senior management members by reference to corporate goals and objectives
        resolved by the Board from time to time and other measures of performance;


 5.     to review and approve any compensation additional to that provided for in the remuneration packages
        determined according to paragraph 3 above, which is payable to members of the Board who are executive
        directors and senior management members in connection with any loss or termination of their offices
        or appointments to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not
        excessive;




70    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


6.    to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of members of the
      Board who are executive directors and senior management members for misconduct to ensure that such
      arrangements are determined in accordance with relevant contractual terms and that any compensation
      payment is otherwise reasonable and appropriate;


7.    to ensure that no member of the Board or the senior management members or any of his/her associates
      is involved in deciding his own individual remuneration;


8.    to determine the participation of members of the Board who are executive directors, senior management
      members, and other employees of the Company in any discretionary employee share or other share-
      based incentive schemes operated by the Company;


9.    to determine targets for any Company-wide performance-related payments for members of the Board
      who are executive directors and senior management members and individual incentives for members of
      the Board who are executive directors and senior management members;


10.   to determine the provision of benefits and settlement of other provisions under the terms of the service
      agreements or otherwise of members of the Board who are executive directors and senior management
      members where these are stated as being at the discretion of the Board;


11.   to operate and administer the Company’s share option schemes or other incentive schemes (if any) as
      may be from time to time adopted by the Company; and


12.   to review and monitor the training record and continuous professional development of the Directors and
      senior management of the Company.


The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out
in the CG Code and available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.


During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held four meetings on March 16, 2018, July 5, 2018,
August 27, 2018 and November 26, 2018 to cover the following aspects:


(a)   to determine the remuneration policy and structure of Directors and senior management and evaluate
      and make adjustment to the remuneration of the Directors and senior management; and


(b)   to consider and discuss matters concerning the implementation of the Share Option Schemes.


The attendance of the individual committee members at the Remuneration Committee meeting mentioned
above is set out below:


                                                                               Committee meetings attended/
Name of Committee Member                                                                      eligible to attend

Guo Hongxin (chairman)                                                                                          4/4
Wang Ye                                                                                                         4/4
Dai Zumian                                                                                                      4/4



                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         71
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

 The Company has established a formal and transparent procedure for formulating policies on the remuneration
 of Directors and senior management of the Group. Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the
 year ended December 31, 2018 are set out in note 8 to the financial statements in this annual report.


 The biographies of the senior management are disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior
 Management” in this annual report. Remuneration paid to the senior management members (excluding the
 Directors) for the year ended December 31, 2018 is within the range below:


 Range of remuneration                                                                        Number of Persons

 Between HK$2,000,000 and HK$3,000,000
     (equivalent to approximately US$258,000 and US$387,000)                                                     1
 Between HK$3,000,000 and HK$4,000,000
     (equivalent to approximately US$387,000 and US$516,000)                                                     1
 Between HK$5,000,000 and HK$6,000,000
     (equivalent to approximately US$645,000 and US$774,000)                                                     1

 Audit Committee

 The Audit Committee currently comprises three members, namely, Mr. Dai Zumian (chairman of the Audit
 Committee), Ms. Zhang Min (resigned on November 26, 2018), Mr. Pan Jiuan (appointed on November 26, 2018)
 and Mr. Guo Hongxin, all being independent non-executive Directors. The principal duties of the Audit Committee
 are (i) to review and monitor the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management, and internal control
 systems, (ii) to maintain the relations with the external auditor of the Company, and (iii) to review the financial
 information of the Company.


 The written terms of reference of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG
 Code and available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.


 During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held three meetings on March 16, 2018, July 5, 2018 and
 August 27, 2018. The specific agenda of the Audit Committee covered the following aspects:


 (a)     to consider and review the financial statement for the year ended December 31, 2017 and for the six-
         month period ended June 30, 2018; and


 (b)     to review audit planning, the financial reporting system, compliance procedures, internal audit function,
         risk management and internal control system and procedures and re-appointment of external auditor.


 The requirements for Environment, Social and Governance Reporting were duly noted by the Audit Committee.




72      Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The attendance record of each committee member of the said Audit Committee meeting held by the Company is
set out in the table below:


                                                                                Committee meetings attended/
Name of Director                                                                                eligible to attend

Dai Zumian (chairman)                                                                                            3/3
Zhang Min (resigned on November 26, 2018)                                                                        3/3
Guo Hongxin                                                                                                      3/3
Pan Jiuan (appointed on November 26, 2018)                                                                       0/0

The Audit Committee met the external auditors once on March 16, 2018, July 5, 2018 and August 27, 2018
without the presence of the executive Directors.


Sanctions Risk Control Committee

The Sanctions Risk Control Committee is headed by Zhang Fangliang (chairman), Wang Ye, Meng Jiange, Eric
Wang, and Shawn Wu as members.


The principal duties of the Sanctions Risk Control Committee include:


1.     to effectively monitor the activities that may be subject to economic sanctions;


2.     to provide guidance on the compliance with the relevant policies and procedures in relation to economic
       sanctions;


3.     to provide guidance on the compliance with contractual covenants including those made in connection
       with the Global Offering and Listing; and


4.     to ensure the establishment of effective policies in relation to economic sanctions.


During the Reporting Period, the Sanctions Risk Control Committee held four meetings on March 15, 2018, July 5,
2018, August 23, 2018 and November 2, 2018 to cover the following aspects:


(a)    to discuss items regarding any sanctions related risks on the Group’s commercial or other business
       activities;


(b)    to review the activities that may be subject to economic sanctions;


(c)    to review relevant policies and procedures in relation to economic sanctions;


(d)    to review guidance on the compliance with contractual covenants;


(e)    to review the use of proceeds from the global offering; and


(f)    to review internal control policies and procedures with respect to the sanction risks.




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         73
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 The attendance record of each committee member of the Sanctions Risk and Control Committee meeting held
 by the Company is set out in the table below:


                                                                                Committee meetings attended/
 Name of Committee Member                                                                     eligible to attend

 Zhang Fangliang                                                                                             4/4
 Wang Ye                                                                                                     4/4
 Meng Jiange                                                                                                 4/4
 Eric Wang                                                                                                   4/4
 Shawn Wu                                                                                                    4/4

 The Sanctions Risk Control Committee has reviewed the sales of the Group to the Sanctioned Countries (as
 defined and disclosed in the Prospectus) for the year ended December 31, 2018 and the relevant legal opinions
 from the Company’s legal adviser as to international sanctions laws to monitor the Group’s exposure to risks of
 sanctions violations.


 DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN RESPECT
 OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 The Directors have acknowledged their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of
 the Company for the year ended December 31, 2018, which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company
 and the Group and of the Group’s results and cash flows.


 The management has provided the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable the
 Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the
 Board for approval. The Company provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on the Company’s
 performance, positions, and prospects.


 The Directors have not been aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast
 significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.


 The statement by the independent auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities for the
 audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company is set out in the independent auditors’ report on
 pages 126 to 130 in this annual report.


 RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
 The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for maintaining an adequate risk management
 and internal control systems to safeguard shareholders’ investments and the Company’s assets and reviewing
 the effectiveness of such systems on an annual basis. Such systems are designed to manage rather than
 eliminate the risks of failure to achieve business objectives, and each only provides reasonable and not absolute
 assurance against material mistreatment or loss.




74    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Group’s internal audit department plays an important role in monitoring the internal governance of the
Company. The major duties of internal audit department are to regulate and review the internal control and
compliance related matters of the Company and conduct comprehensive audits of all branches and subsidiaries
of the Company on a regular basis. The Group’s internal audit department performs regular evaluation on the
effectiveness of risk control measures taken by each operating department and issues an appraisal report
which shall be submitted to our Audit Committee for approval.


The Audit Committee has received an internal control report prepared by the internal audit department during
the Year and has considered that the internal control system of the Group remains effective and no material
issue is required to be brought to the Board’s attention. The Board considers the risk management and internal
control systems effective after review.


The Company has established a risk management process, pursuant to which each operating department is
required to identify any significant risks associated with their work and corporate strategies of the Company.
Based on the assessment of the identified risks in terms of their likelihood and potential impact, the Company
prioritises and pairs each risk with a mitigation plan. Furthermore, any emergencies are required to be reported,
evaluated and managed in time to mitigate the impact.


The Group has established a three-tier risk control corporate structure in implementing our internal control and
risk management policies and procedures. First, the Board and the senior management oversee and manage
the overall risks associated with our business operations. Second, the Audit Committee provides the Directors
with an independent review of the effectiveness of the financial reporting process, internal controls, and risk
management system of the Group. Third, the Group’s internal audit department supervises the implementation
of our risk management policy at the corporate level and organises an annual audit progress for regularly
evaluating the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control measures taken by each operating
department and issues an appraisal report which shall be submitted to the Audit Committee for approval.


The Board is responsible for the management of inside information. Without the approval of the Board, the
Company prohibits any inside information from being disclosed to the public.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
For the audit of the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018, the total
remuneration paid or payable to the Company’s external auditors, Ernst & Young, for audit and audit related
services amounted to US$505,000.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   75
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 COMPANY SECRETARY
 Ms. Wong Wai Ling was appointed as the company secretary of the Company with effect from August 24, 2015.
 She has over 10 years of experience in providing company secretarial services in Hong Kong. Ms. Wong is a
 vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited and is responsible for assisting listed
 companies in professional company secretarial work. Ms. Wong is an associate of The Hong Kong Institute of
 Chartered Secretaries and The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in the United Kingdom. Ms.
 Wong’s primary corporate contact person at the Company is Mr. Meng Jiange, the Vice President of the Investor
 Relations.


 Ms. Wong has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29
 of the Listing Rules for the year ended December 31, 2018.


 COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
 The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
 relations and the understanding of the Group’s business, performance, and strategies. The Company also
 recognises the importance of the timely and non-selective disclosure of its information, which will enable
 shareholders and investors to make informed investment decisions.


 The annual general meeting of the Company provides an opportunity for shareholders to communicate directly
 with the Directors. The chairman of the Company and chairmen of the Board Committees, or in their absence,
 their duly appointed delegates will attend the annual general meeting to answer shareholders’ questions. The
 external auditors of the Company will also attend the annual general meeting to answer questions about the
 conduct of the audit, the preparation and contents of the auditors’ report, accounting policies, and auditors
 independence.


 To promote effective communication, the Company adopts a shareholders’ communication policy that aims
 at establishing a two-way relationship and communication between the Company and the Shareholders
 and maintains a website at www.genscript.com, where up-to-date information on the Company’s business
 operations and developments, financial information, corporate governance practices, and other information are
 available for public access.


 SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
 To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution is proposed for each issue at general
 meetings, including the election of individual Directors.


 All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules, and poll
 results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each
 general meeting.




76    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONVENING EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGS AND PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS
In accordance with the Articles, extraordinary general meetings shall also be convened on the requisition of one
or more Shareholders’ holdings, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one tenth of the paid up
capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings.


Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the secretary for the purpose of requiring an
extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such
requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days
of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves)
may do so in the same manner and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the
failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


With regards to proposing a person for election as a director, the procedures are available on the website of the
Company.


Shareholders who intend to put forward their inquiries about the Company to the Board could email their
inquiries to our Investor Relations Department at the email address: investorrelations@genscript.com. The
Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous inquires.


CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
The Articles of the Company were adopted by the Company on December 7, 2015 and became effective on the
Listing Date. There is no significant change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the Reporting
Period.




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      77
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report

 ABOUT THIS REPORT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                79
 OVERVIEW . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     79
 BASIS FOR COMPILING THE REPORT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               79
 REPORTING SCOPE AND BOUNDARY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                 79
 SOURCE OF DATA AND ASSURANCE OF RELIABILITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                              79
 BOARD APPROVAL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             79
 1.         OVERVIEW OF RESPONSIBILITY  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                           80
            1.1         RESPONSIBILITY CONCEPT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                        80
            1.2         RESPONSIBILITY MANAGEMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               81
            1.3         RESPONSIBILITY IDENTIFICATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             83
 2.         INNOVATION AS ‘BRIGHT SWORD’, TRAILBLAZER FOR THE FUTURE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                              85
            2.1         DEVOTING TO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                             85
            2.2         BECOMING “LEGEND” . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   87
            2.3         MAINTAINING ACHIEVEMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                            89
 3.         QUALITY COMES FIRST, TRUST WEIGHS HEAVY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                         90
            3.1         OPTIMIZING PROCUREMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                          91
            3.2         CONSOLIDATING QUALITY  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      92
            3.3         PERFECTING SERVICES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     95
 4.         “ARTISANS” AS BUILDERS, SHOULDER TO SHOULDER  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                 99
            4.1         ADVOCATING TALENTS  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   99
            4.2         CULTIVATING “ARTISANS” . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   103
            4.3         CONNECTING HEARTS  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   106
 5.         GUARD THE ENVIRONMENT, CARE FOR LIFE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                       109
            5.1         OPERATING SUSTAINABLY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      109
            5.2         CHERISHING RESOURCES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                       112
            5.3         PRODUCING SAFELY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 113
            5.4         DOING MORAL EXPERIMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                         115
 6.         GIVE BACK TO SOCIETY, WARM THE HOPE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                    117
            6.1         PROMOTING HEALTH  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  118
            6.2         NURTURING TALENTS  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   118
            6.3         CARING FOR SOCIETY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 120
 APPENDIX I. LIST OF AWARDS AND CERTIFICATIONS FOR 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                      121
 APPENDIX II. LIST OF DISCLOSURE POLICIES AND LEGAL REGULATIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                              121
 APPENDIX III. INDEX OF ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HKEX . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                122




78        Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                             Environmental, Social and Governance Report


About this report
Overview

This report is the third Environment, Social and Governance (hereinafter referred as “ESG”) Report published by
GenScript Biotech Corporation (hereinafter referred as “GenScript”, “the Company”, or “we”), which discloses
information on our responsible governance, innovation and research, quality optimization, service responsibility,
team building and employee development, workplace health and safety, environmental protection, animal care
and community feedback. The reporting year of this report is in alignment with our fiscal year.


Basis for compiling the report

This report is compiled in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide published
by Hong Kong Stock Exchange Limited. Information is intended to disclose material environmental, social and
governance issues, for the relevant parties and shareholders. The content of this report is determined by a set
of established procedures, including identifying and prioritizing the stakeholders, identifying and prioritizing
environmental, social and governance issues, collecting relevant metrics and verifying the reported quantitative
metrics.


Reporting scope and boundary

The content and metrics reported in this document cover GenScript Biotech Corporation and its subsidiaries.
The data contained within this report covers January 1st through December 31st, 2018, unless otherwise noted,
the currency involved in the report is in USD and density data are calculated based on revenue disclosed in
GenScript’s annual report.


Source of data and assurance of reliability

The data and case studies reported in this document are prepared based on our internal statistical reports,
internal policy documents and other internal documents. The Board hereby confirms that there are no false or
misleading statements made in this report. The Board takes full responsibility for the authenticity, accuracy
and completeness of this report.


Board approval

Upon review by management, this report was approved by the Board on 22nd March 2019.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   79
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report


 1.    Overview of Responsibility
       1.1    Responsibility Concept

              GenScript is recognized as a world leader in the biotechnology reagents service industry,
              with a strong focus on the research of genetics, peptides, proteins and antibodies. Since its
              inception in 2002, the Company has successfully established full integrated capacities for
              custom peptide synthesis, protein expression and engineering, custom antibody development
              and engineering, animal model development, in vitro/in vivo pharmacology as well as a variety
              of catalogue products, industrial enzymes and microbial reagents. Headquartered in Nanjing,
              China, the Company has set up branch offices in China, the United States, Japan and Europe.
              With its excellent services, high-quality products and good reputation, GenScript continuously
              consolidates its leading position in the industry. At present, GenScript provides superior and
              convenient services to more than 200,000 customers from over 100 countries and regions.


              GenScript holds a keen sense of social responsibilities. We employ our core value as the compass,
              take corporate mission and responsibility concept as the buttress, and fully incorporate social
              responsibilities into business operations.


                Our core values      •   Customer level: Customer first
                                     •   Company level: Innovation, pursuit of excellence and win-win cooperation
                                     •   Staff level: Integrity and introspection

                Our mission          Make the human and nature healthier through biotechnology

                Our vision           To become the most trustworthy biotech company

                Our spirit           Dare to win with courage, commitment and endeavour


              In this report, GenScript has made public and detailed disclosure, elaborating on our
              environmental, social, governance issues and other non-financial matters for the third consecutive
              year. We hope that the public will have a deeper understanding of GenScript’s business philosophy
              and social responsibility practices. We also consider this report as an important opportunity for
              GenScript to review its ESG performance.




80    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                             Environmental, Social and Governance Report


1.2   Responsibility Management

      ESG Management

      GenScript’s ESG Working Committee is led by CEO Dr. Zhang Fangliang and newly appointed
      Group President Ms. Wang Ye. The committee presides over the ESG affairs as a coordinator. Each
      business sections and functional department takes charge of implementing specific ESG-related
      work during their daily operation.

                                  The Board of
                                    Directors




           Wang Ye                                              Zhang Fangliang
       Executive Director /                      Chief Executive Officer / Chairman of the Board
           President                                    of Directors / Executive Director



           Internal Audit           Human Resources                  EHS                           Quality                                 IACUC
               Dept.                     Dept.                       Dept.                         Dept.


       Responsible for the        Responsible for the       Responsible for the          Responsible for                           Responsible for
       implementation of          implementation of         environment, health and      implementing quality                      implementing animal
       conflict of interest       recruitment management    safety; Set                  management system to                      welfare policy and
       avoidance and              system, personnel         environmental and            ensure customer                           reviewing experimental
       anti-fraud and             management system,        safety management            satisfaction and product                  animal applications
       anti-corruption policies   employee reward and       objectives to ensure that    quality, etc.
                                  punishment system,        the company's
                                  employee communica-       operations comply with
                                  tion, etc.                local EHS regulations.



                                                      Promote the implementation of policies


                                                                                  Functional Departments
            Business Units                 Procurement              Equipment                              Public Relations &              Marketing
                                              Dept.                   Dept.             IT Dept.        Investment & Legal Dept.            Dept.


                                                 GenScript’s ESG Management Structure




                                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                               81
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report


             Risk Management

             GenScript attaches great importance to the construction of corporate governance system
             and comprehensive risk management. During the reporting period, we launched the system
             construction project, initially completed the institutional structure, and significantly improved
             the quality, timeliness, practicability, availability, publicity and implementation of the various
             systems. At the level of risk management, we comprehensively updated “Internal Audit Charter”,
             “Internal Auditing Management Measures”, “Off-office Auditing Management Measures” and
             other institutional documents for internal operation. These documents could strengthen the
             management of internal audit, clarify internal audit objectives and reduce the Company’s internal
             control risks.


               Internal Audit Charter          – To lay the foundation for systems and regulations related to
                                                  internal audit;
                                               – To determine the scope of internal audit and management
                                                  matters, the internal audit standards and the process of
                                                  handling violations.

               Internal Audit                  – To specify the requirements for internal audit, which include
               Management Measures                the responsibilities of personnel involved in internal audit,
                                                  internal audit classification and specific implementation
                                                  procedures.


             GenScript well understands our responsibilities to shareholders and the public, and has zero
             tolerance towards corruption. Based on “Conflict of Interest Avoidance and Anti-Fraud System”,
             we have formulated “Internal Supervision Rules” (hereinafter referred to as “the Rules”) to
             regulate the supervision work and uplift its management level. According to the Rules, we have
             expounded the responsibilities of the Audit Committee, the Internal Audit Department and
             other relevant departments. We not only clarified the management principles for supervision
             and its acceptance scope, but also stipulated the whole process from receiving whistleblowing,
             launching investigation, reporting results to ex post facto handling. Beside our regular
             whistleblowing channels (telephone, mail, WeChat public account, etc.), we particularly arranged
             an anti-corruption channel at the Company’s official website to accommodate stakeholders’
             whistleblowing actions. For 2018, the Company was not involved in any corruption lawsuits.




82   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


1.3   Responsibility Identification

      To assess the Company’s ESG performance more objectively and comprehensively, we take
      advice from multiple stakeholders and thoroughly consider the importance of their concern.
      By communicating with stakeholders through interviews, online feedback sections, customer
      hotlines, meetings and other channels, we have built multi-dimensional understanding of
      significant issues and clarified the directions for future improvement.


      During the preparation of this year’s ESG reports, the Company collaborated with independent
      third parties to conduct stakeholder communication over various ESG issues. In total, we
      organised nearly 20 in-depth stakeholder discussions; we also interviewed suppliers, customers,
      media, academia, regulatory agencies and investors for detailed information. Thereafter, we
      combined the issues highlighted by the stakeholders with last year’s material issues and updated
      Genscript ESG Materiality Matrix as the following:

                                                     Materialistic Matrix of Genscript's ESG Issues
                         High

                                                                                       32
                                                                                                                     15
                                                                                                      34




                       Importance to stakeholders
                                                                                            25                   33 2
                                                                                                                          30
                                                                                29               19      High   16
                                                                                                      Importance 24
                                                                                                  26
                                                                                                           23 5 1
                                                                                12          10 21
                                                                   8                                                  31
                                                                                                                22
                                                                                                                      27
                                                                                            20
                                                                                                           17
                                                                                             18
                                                     7 9
                                                                        4
                                                          3                                 6            Medium
                                                              14                                       Importance         35
                                                                   11                        28
                                                                           Low 13
                                Low                                     Importance

                                                    Low                Importance to Genscript                                  High

                                                      Governance &       Environment        Employment          Manufacture’s
                                                      Communities                                               Liability




                                                                                     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   83
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report


             As shown in the matrix, issues marked in the dark grey areas are both highly recognized by
             stakeholders and relevant to GenScript’s business, hence these issues are taken as “highly
             important issues”. All ESG-related issues of GenScript are presented in the table below, with highly
             important issues displayed in bold. We have stressed the management methods and performance
             of these issues in the corresponding chapters:


                                        Environmental, Social and                                Environmental, Social and
              Number Classification                                  Number Classification
                                        Governance Issues                                        Governance Issues
                                        Board of Directors’                                      Employee benefits and
              1                                                      19
                                        Participation in ESG                                     remuneration
                                        Operational Risk                                         Fair recruitment and reward
              2                                                      20
                                        Management                                               mechanism
                                        Assess and consider the
                      Governance and
                                        performance of suppliers’
              3       Community                                      21                          Non-discrimination
                                        social and environmental
                                        responsibility                       Employment

                                        Supporting community                                     Compliance with labor
              4                                                      22
                                        development                                              regulations
              5                         Anti-corruption              23                          Employee care and retention
              6                         General waste                24                          Health and safety
              7                         Packaging Materials          25                          Training Development
              8                         Energy                       26                          Against child or forced labor
              9                         Reducing carbon footprint    27                          Technology innovation
                                                                                                 Maintaining customer health
              10                        Exhaust emissions            28
                                                                                                 and safety
                                                                                                 Labeling with clear and true
              11                        Water                        29
                                                                                                 product information
              12                        Discharge of sewage          30                          Intellectual property rights
                                                                             Product liability
                      Environment                                                                Compliance with product
                                        Avoiding the impact on the
              13                                                     31                          and service-related
                                        ecological environment
                                                                                                 regulations
                                        Helping suppliers reduce
                                                                                                 Post-sales service and
              14                        their impact on the          32
                                                                                                 customer feedbacks
                                        environment
              15                        Hazardous waste              33                          Customer privacy
                                        Compliance with                                          Enhancement of product
              16                                                     34
                                        environmental regulations                                and service quality
                                        Safeguarding Laboratory
              17                                                     35                          Biosecurity
                                        Animal Care
              18      Employment        Hours and holidays




84   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report


2.   Innovation as ‘Bright Sword’, Trailblazer for the Future
     To realize the corporate mission of “making the human and nature healthier through biotechnology”,
     GenScript always adheres to the core values of innovation, inspires itself with the “Bright Sword” spirit
     and pursues breakthroughs in biogene synthesis, constantly exerting positive influences upon the world.
     We are striving to accelerate the resolution of major problems in the biomedical field and to advance the
     gospel for the rehabilitation of cancer patients. Our scientific research achievements have obtained the
     authoritative certification of Enterprise Intellectual Property Management (GB/T 29490). With 16 years of
     solid groundwork, we are able to enjoy a promising future.


     2.1   Devoting to Research and Development

           GenScript takes innovation as the most significant driving force for our business and continuously
           applies new technologies as the front runner of biotechnology services. Currently, one out of every
           four synthetic genes in the world comes from GenScript. During the reporting period, the artificial
           gene synthesis bio-product produced by GenScript has been entitled ‘Individual Champion Product
           in Manufacturing Industry’, which epitomizes the comprehensive innovation achievements under
           the practice of GenScript’s dedicated research and development (hereinafter referred as ‘R&D’).




                           Graphic: Certificate of Manufacturing Individual Champion Product


           In the process of R&D, GenScript pays close attention to the synergy among industries,
           universities and research institutes, and have joined hands with several organizations to set up
           R&D centres. Such centres will enable us to actualize top-notch transformation efficiency of
           products throughout R&D, production and clinical application, as well as constructing a one-stop
           platform for the discovery and development of biopharmaceuticals. Meanwhile, GenScript
           focuses on communicating with the government and other regulatory agencies, and has won the
           unanimous recognition of the government, the media and the public by presenting its steady
           achievements.




                                                           Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     85
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report



               To facilitate the synergy of industries and universities, GenScript signed a strategic cooperation
                  memorandum with the Innovation Centre for Immune Therapy (ICIT) of Tsinghua University




               On 13th June 2018, GenScript signed a memorandum of strategic cooperation with ICIT to
               commence in-depth cooperation in the discovery and development of biopharmaceuticals and
               to facilitate the transformation of high-potential scientific research projects into drugs with
               clinical value.


               Through this partnership, the two sides will bring Tsinghua University’s superiority of
               immunology research and talent pool into full play and highly utilize Genscript’s one-stop
               technology platform of discovering and developing biological drug, together accelerating the
               R&D and industrialization of innovative immunological drugs and immunotherapy.


                     GenScript won Best Innovative Listed Company Award presented by Sina Finance




               On 12th December 2018, GenScript won Best Innovative Listed Company Award at the
               International Development Forum of Chinese Listed Companies & Golden Lion Award Ceremony
               of HKEx Listed Companies. As the award address put it, “they (refer to the awarded companies)
               have both innovative genes and the courage to change; they open up new industries and
               embrace innovation; they are the main force driving the development of Chinese enterprises”.




86   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


2.2   Becoming “Legend”

      At the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Conference in June 2017, Nanjing
      Legend Biotechnological Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred as “Nanjing Legend”), a subsidiary of
      GenScript Biotech Corp., deeply impressed all attendants with its 100% overall response rate in
      early clinical trials for treating multiple myeloma patients. Its innovative application of chimeric
      antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) therapy also staged as the focus of attention and welcomed great
      feedbacks from the international community.


                         Life as a Miracle – A Dialogue with CAR-T Patient Zhang Qi


                                           Zhang Qi, a 48-year-old man, had suffered from multiple
                                           myeloma for nearly eight years. Since he underwent all
                                           kinds of treatments but failed, he was encouraged by the
                                           whole family to receive the free CAR-T therapy provided by
                                           Nanjing Legend at the Second Affiliated Hospital of Xi’An
                                           Jiaotong University. About ten days after the therapy, Zhang
                                           Qi was discharged from hospital and returned home without
                                           any symptoms except a low-grade fever that lasted for a
                                           week. Thanks to the CAR-T therapy, he could get rid of all
                                           chemotherapy drugs, and he felt truly thrilled about this,
                                           “as I stop taking drugs, my body is gradually recovering in
                                           all aspects and I feel alive again. Though my immunity is
                                           still deficient, I could walk outdoors and exercise as a
                                           normal person!”.


       A few months later, the attending excitedly told Zhang Qi that the results were confirmed to
       be negative, and no malignant cancerous lesions occurred. On hearing this, he immediately
       established a “CAR-T Patient Discussion Group” together with several multiple myeloma patients.
       In this group, patients could share CAR-T related information and cheer each other to be hopeful
       about life. Until now, nearly 350 multiple myeloma patients have joined the group. Zhang Qi
       could never forget his motivation of establishing such a group, that is, “It is CAR-T, Legend and
       Genscript that make my life a miracle. I wish more people could be as lucky as me!”.


      When initiating Nanjing Legend, GenScript positioned it as an “innovative enterprise”. We invited Dr.
      Fan Xiaohu, the key opinion leader in the field of immunotherapy, to be the chief scientific officer
      of Nanjing Legend, and rapidly attracted a large group of innovative returnees. To date, we have
      accumulated rich research and development experience in immunotherapy, carved out a stable
      transformation channel, integrated CAR-T cell immunotherapy development with comprehensive
      immunotherapy research, and possessed independent intellectual property rights regarding tumor
      immunotherapy and cell gene therapy.




                                                      Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     87
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report


             By the end of 2018, the multiple myeloma CAR-T preparation (LCAR-B38M) has obtained clinical
             trial approval from regulatory agencies in both China and the United States. In detail, it has
             already entered the clinical trial phase in the U.S. and the preparatory phase of clinical trials
             in China. During the reporting period, Nanjing Legend has earned a remarkable reputation by
             partaking in many first-class industrial exchanges and international seminars.


                                    In May 2018, Dr. Fan Xiaohu participated in the 2018 Shanghai Cell Therapy
                                    International Symposium as a special guest and introduced the latest
                                    progress of CAR-T clinical trials.



                                    In June 2018, Nanjing Legend was invited to attend the CAR-TCR Cell
                                    Therapy Asia Summit. We shared the progress of CAR-T/TCR-cell therapy
                                    and discussed the industry’s opportunities and challenges with hundreds
                                    of experts and representatives from the global cell therapy industry.



                                    In July 2018, at the 4th Chang’An Breast Diseases Conference held in Xi
                                    ‘An, Nanjing Legend was invited to share the latest research discoveries
                                    in the field of precision therapy, bringing a grand academic feast for all
                                    participants.



                                    In August 2018, China Precision Medicine and Immunotherapy summit
                                    (PMIO) was held in Shanghai, where Nanjing Legend delivered a speech on
                                    the cutting-edge technologies and industry development trends in the field
                                    of cell therapy.



                                    In October 2018, Nanjing Legend was invited to attend the International
                                    Cell Therapy Summit in Shanghai as a panel speaker. Nanjing Legend
                                    presented the revolutional role of immune cell therapy led by CAR-T
                                    therapy to the future medicine science.



                                    In December 2018, at the 2018 American Society of Hematology (ASH)
                                    Annual Meeting in San Diego, USA, Nanjing Legend and hematologists
                                    around the world discussed and learned about the latest hematology
                                    research progress.




88   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      For Nanjing Legend, innovation is the sword to break new ground; quality and data control are the
      shields to back up its stable development. According to the requirements of Good Manufacturing
      Practice (GMP) (2010 Edition), we have structured a complete quality management system covering
      all aspects of personnel, facilities, warehousing, testing, release, etc., and comprehensively
      created an open technology-driven biopharmaceutical R&D service platform. Currently, we have
      formed a complete industrial microbial R&D and industrialization platform practicing enzyme
      screening, genetic engineering, protein engineering modification, and the optimization and
      application research of fermentation process under GMP standards. Stringent quality and data
      control have determined the robust and stable market performance of Nanjing Legend.


      We also actively promote the industry standardization and normalization process. We engaged
      in the formulation of the “National Institute for Food and Drug Control – Quality control testing
      research and non-clinical considerations for CAR-T cell therapy” and participated in a closed-door
      discussion about “Points to consider for the application of clinical trial pharmaceutical research
      on cell therapy products and respective application materials”. In the long run, Nanjing Legend is
      composing the “legend” for GenScript.


                                 Honour Summary of Nanjing Legend in 2018


             National Science and Technology Major Project – Major New Drug Innovation Award;
                        Entitled “Jingsu Invisible Mini-Giant Enterprise (2018-2020)”;
             Jiangsu Special Fund for Scientific and Technological Achievement Transformation;
                              Entitled “Jiangsu Innovative Entrepreneur Team”;
                                    Entitled “Nanjing Unicorn Enterprise”


2.3   Maintaining Achievements

      As an innovation-oriented enterprise, GenScript defends its own intellectual property rights with
      a sufficient and precise management system. We have formulated policies including “Patent
      Management System” and “Trademark Management System”, and required every new hire to
      participate in the awareness training on trade secrets protection.


      Since we obtained the intellectual property management system certification in 2017 and fully
      implemented China’s Enterprise Intellectual Property Management standards, we have been
      advancing towards a standardized, systematic and specified intellectual property management
      status. We aim to develop creativity with standards, mobilize employees for invention and
      creation, and further enhance the core value of GenScript.




                                                      Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   89
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                                Graphic: Certificate of Intellectual Property Management System


              Within the reporting period, GenScript has achieved further breakthroughs in patent acquisition
              and continued to extend its patent application layout of Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT). The
              PCT is an international cooperation treaty in the field of patents, which mainly deals with the
              submission, retrieval and review of patent applications and judges their rationality of technical
              information dissemination. Through the PCT, applicants can request patent protection for their
              inventions in multiple countries and regions simultaneously by only submitting an “international”
              patent application. As PCT is considered to be the most marked sign of progress to facilitate
              international cooperation, applying for PCT patents has become a crucial pathway for GenScript to
              demonstrate and protect its core technologies.


                                              Patent Summary of GenScript in 2018


                                                    25 patents were obtained;
                                               Accumulatively obtained 71 patents;
                                         A total of 48 PCT patent applications were filed.


 3.    Quality Comes First, Trust Weighs Heavy
       For GenScript, quality is the “lifeline” and trust is the “passport”. We stick to the mission of “making
       the human and nature healthier through biotechnology” and follow the principle of “quality as the
       first, customer as the most important”. For long, we have been committed to establishing a quality
       management system from procurement, production, delivery to post-sale services. By collaborating with
       upstream and downstream partners, we endeavour to build a convenient, secure and trustworthy biotech
       industrial chain.




90    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


3.1   Optimizing Procurement

      GenScript regards procurement management as the first step of quality control. This year, we
      carried forward the centralized procurement and supplier management system on all fronts, and
      introduced subdivided procurement rules to meet procurement demands, progressively fulfilling
      the essential of “controlling quality from the source”.


      We have already established a centralized supplier management and procurement system that
      could significantly strengthen the controllability of company-wide procurement practices. We have
      successively issued “Supplier Management System”, “Supplier Evaluation Form”, “Procurement
      System” and related policies to specify the procurement process management, supplier
      evaluation indicators, supplier risk assessment and other dimensions. By virtue of the centralized
      procurement system, we are enabled to leverage the Company’s overall strength as a group and to
      properly avoid fraud and compliance risks throughout the procurement and compliance processes.


      To guarantee fair procurement, the Procurement Department, the Quality Department, the demand
      department and the functional department would form a special supplier review team to assess
      potential suppliers’ capabilities of providing qualified products or services on a regular basis. For
      cooperated suppliers, we will classify them into Class A suppliers and Class B suppliers, and then
      evaluate their performance in terms of qualifications, costs, services, etc. We would also take
      specified indicators such as single timeliness or trade safety (required by Authorized Economic
      Operator) into consideration. As of 31st December 2018, GenScript has employed 810 suppliers.


      As GenScript expands, procurement demands are becoming ever diversified. Therefore, in the
      year 2018, we dived into various procurement demands and introduced scientific and specific
      procurement sub-systems targeting at different procurement activities.


                                     Procurement Guidelines for Chemicals


       •   Both precursor chemicals and explosive chemicals need to be operated in compliance with
           national laws and local regulations;
       •   Procurement of precursor chemicals must strictly follow the procurement list, and
           be conducted by special personnel according to Environment, Health and Safety EHS
           requirements; Each procurement must be filed at the local public security bureau;
       •   Explosive chemicals are filed annually at the local public security bureau due to the current
           limited kinds.




                                                        Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   91
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report



                                       Procurement Guidelines for Engineering Projects


               •   We apply a comprehensive scoring model to avoid price competition, and would adjust
                   the proportion of technology and quality scores based on technological and quality
                   requirements;
               •   We establish an independent engineering supplier database. The demand department and
                   the Engineering Department shall evaluate partnered suppliers quarterly, and the evaluation
                   results would be the basis for final project evaluation;
               •   We must confirm on-site EHS rules in engineering contracts; for large-scale projects, we
                   put legends into the on-site safety contracts, clearly define elements of safety hours, site
                   protection measures, etc., and offer workers with security training before the construction
                   starts.


                                          Procurement Guidelines for GMP Products


               •   We divide materials into three categories concerning their impacts on product quality:
                   Class A (key materials that are in direct contact with the product in the process); Class B
                   (important materials not in direct contact with the product but have a potential impact on
                   product quality); Class C (non-critical materials that have no direct impact on the intrinsic
                   quality of the product);
               •   We adopt different supplier evaluation methods for A/B/C material suppliers. Evaluation
                   on Class A material supplier includes all aspects of supplier information, on-site audit,
                   sample testing, small test/process verification, stability investigation, quality agreements,
                   modification, etc. The evaluation of other two types of material supplier relatively is
                   simplified with decreasing importance.


      3.2    Consolidating Quality

             “Blaze the trail, pursue excellence” is the long-standing belief of GenScript. Quality control is an
             indispensable part of “excellence”, since it is fundamental to downstream life science research and
             industrial applications. Bearing this in mind, we reinforce quality control and the quality policy of
             “being stable, innovative, timely, professional, and continuously improved”, provide customers with
             finest products, and tirelessly contribute to research and industrial development of related fields.




92   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
              Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Quantity Standardization

We devote ourselves to the formulation of quality standards and the subsequent standardization
of quality management. Up to now, we have seamlessly integrated quality management
systems into various operational systems such as System Applications and Products (SAP) and
Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES). The integration ensures high consistency between
quality management measures and the Company’s operational processes. As a result, we
successfully obtained the latest Quality Management System (ISO 9001:2015) certification, and
comprehensively amended the quality system documents during the transition period. Meanwhile,
we launched the Medical Device Quality Management Systems (ISO 13485:2016) certification
project, which is now at the stage of defining the service lines, wrapping up gap analysis and
developing the equipment verification plan. In the coming future, we will speed up the certification
process of various systems, invite third parties to conduct external audits and make up for the
detected deficiencies.


For each product, we designate a Quality Assurance (QA) and a Quality Control (QC) personnel
to be accountable for production monitoring and finished product inspection. Considering the
differences between R&D processes and the diversity of customer demands, we have customized
the standard operating procedures (SOP) in line with R&D characteristics and customer
requirements, and made the SOP training compulsory for all employees to absorb and practice.


                                    Review SOP, Check Quality


                                          During the reporting period, we specially initiated the
                                          “SOP Review Project”. Together with 11 production
                                          departments, we revised 605 SOP documents in six
                                          months to improve the consistency between SOPs and
                                          actual operations. To effectuate amended SOPs, we
                                          have adopted methods of distributing SOP documents
                                          on site, gathering employees to read SOP early in the
                                          morning, as well as organizing group discussion over
                                          SOPs, etc. With SOP awareness and skills, we strive to
                                          produce high-quality products at full strength.


Being both the maker and supporter of technologies, we highly recognize the transformative role
of automation in product quality control. In 2018, we introduced a large amount of automation
equipment and educated employees with the automation SOPs, thereby releasing the burden on
frontline production personnel, reducing the error rate and improving delivery efficiency.




                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    93
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report



                                                       Tecan High-throughput Purification Workstation Boosts Production


                                                                                  The Tecan High-Throughput Purification Workstation
                                                                                  uses the Te-Chrom module with the Tecan multi-
                                                                                  channel loading robot to parallelize and collect up to
                                                                                  eight protein samples simultaneously. The workstation
                                                                                  can be paired with a commercial pre-packed spin
                                                                                  column or a proprietary resin filler to ensure that the
                                                                                  sample is at a low temperature of 4 degrees Celsius.
                                                                                  The introduction of this equipment not only saves
                                                                                  labor, but also avoids cross-contamination, providing
               comprehensive protection for fast delivery of high-quality products.


             We advocate all staff to raise quality awareness and participate in quality management. Based
             on the “Quality Reward and Punishment System”, employees have been encouraged to take
             precautions against quality accidents through self-inspection, mutual inspection and special
             inspection. Quality-related suggestions have been collected via telephone, email, suggestion
             box, WeChat public account, etc. In the reporting period, we held a total of 30 quality awareness
             trainings and 35 quality safety trainings to lay a solid foundation for achieving the overall quality
             management objectives.


             Quality Risk Management

             Since quality management is becoming ever normative, we are bound to build a quality risk
             management and control system to fully respond to regulations including GMP 2016 Edition.
             We have stipulated an array of operational procedures from risk evaluation, risk control, risk
             communication to risk assessment based on the existing “Quality Risk Management Control
             System”, and we particularly appoint a quality risk management team in each department to
             operate quality risk management and control measures.

                                                                                                                Criteria:
                                                                        Severity S                    the degree of damage that
                                                                                                      may be caused by potential
                                                                      (Level 1 / 2 / 3)
                                                                                                    risks to product/service quality,




                        Risk priority factor (S*P*D)
                                                                                                       customer satisfaction, etc.

                                                                                                                Criteria:
                                                                       Probability P                     - the probability of risk
                                                                                                              occurrences;
                                                                      (Level 1 / 2 / 3)
                                                                                                      - the frequency of possible
                                                                                                              occurrences


                                                                                                               Criteria:
                                                                       Detection D
                                                                                                          - risk identifiability
                                                                      (Level 1 / 2 / 3)
                                                                                                          - risk predictability


                                                              Graphic: Three parameters of quality risk assessment


94   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Quality risk assessment is the premise for quality risk control, with a focus on the identification,
      analysis and evaluation of quality risks. Under the quality risk assessment framework, severity
      (S), probability (P) and detection (D) are three commonly accepted parameters to quantify the
      risk priority factor. We would take appropriate risk control measures (e.g. reducing, avoiding
      and accepting risks) regarding the calculated factor, and later regularly reflect the risk control
      outcomes for further upgrades.


      During the reporting period, we generalized the application of “Risk Opportunity Assessment
      Response Form” and “Quality Risk Assessment Form” at the company level and the department
      level respectively, conducting rigorous audits and filing. As we track emerging quality risks, we can
      update the forms in time to ensure the dynamics, quick-responsiveness and ongoing improvement
      of GenScript’s quality risk management.


                            It took only twelve hours to fight against short-selling


                                                In September 2018, GenScript was confronted with an
                                                unprecedented short-selling. The short seller accused
                                                Nanjing Legend of forging CAR-T technology and
                                                clinical data, which resulted in a slump in GenScript’s
                                                share price. Facing this false accusation, we adopted
                                                the strategy of “no concealment, no false reporting,
                                                fight with sincerity, respond with positivity”, and
                                                responded to the criticism with professional quality
                                                control processes and recorded data of the CAR-T
       project. It was the meticulous quality control measures and the supervision in every process
       adopted by GenScript that made the short-selling institutions fail to knock us down. As
       expected, shareholders and the market quickly restored confidence and GenScript’s share
       price soon bounced back.


      Throughout 2018, there were no recalls due to product quality or safety issues.


3.3   Perfecting Services

      “Being loyal to customers, being accountable always” is a key tenet for GenScript. Through years
      of unremitting efforts, we have established trusting relationships with major pharmaceutical
      companies, biotechnology companies and well-known research institutes around the world,
      providing them with high-quality products and wholehearted services.




                                                      Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    95
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report


             Customer Communication

             We maintain positive, smooth and efficient communication with our customers and prioritize
             their needs under all circumstances. In 2018, we harnessed “Customer Opinion Management
             Measures” to clearly define the responsibilities and standards of customer communication for
             all departments. We expect every employee to shoulder the responsibility of actively collecting
             customer opinions, effectively handling customer complaints and reasonably adopting customer
             suggestions for the ultimate purpose of increasing customer satisfaction.


             We have framed a modular consumer relationship management (CRM) system that allows our
             employees to record, track and share information about customer relationship management. The
             Consumer Relationship Specialists are responsible for gathering and analyzing customer opinions
             monthly, tapping into potential customer needs, and providing directions to R&D and productions
             teams. To understand customer satisfaction, we employ multiple methods including regular return
             visits, the satisfaction evaluation section of online ordering interfaces, satisfaction questionnaires,
             etc. In 2018, GenScript’s customer satisfaction was 88.18%, maintaining a steady increase.


             In both domestic and international markets, we have set up customer complaints platforms, with
             which external customers and internal employees can timely upload customer suggestions and
             complaints. We exercise “Deviation Handling and Corrective Control Procedures” for rectifying
             measures to meet customer expectations. The latest statistics indicate that the customer
             satisfaction with GenScript’s customer opinion handling measures was at a relatively high level in
             2018. Our next step is to further enhance the efficiency of complaint handling and the effectivity
             of corrective or preventive actions, insomuch that a better customer opinion handling mechanism
             could be forged.


             Within the reporting period, we received a total of 846 complaints, and the number of complaints
             has risen compared to last year. This is mainly due to two reasons: firstly, the number of orders
             increased because of the expanded businesses; secondly, with the optimized customer opinion
             platform, customer can upload feedbacks more conveniently and GenScript can fully improve its
             services in a timely and sufficient manner.



                    Identify liabilities and analyze causes

                    - The responsible               Propose corrective and preventive measures
                      department shall provide
                      the investigation results     - The responsible
                      within 3 working days (the      department shall propose
                                                                                  Verify effects
                      complaint shall be verified
                      within 10 working days);
                                                      solutions, corrective and                                 Track customer
                                                                                  - The responsible
                    - The Customer
                                                      preventive measures, and
                                                                                    department shall take       feedbacks
                                                      the expected completion
                      Relationship Specialist         time;                         actions based on
                      shall analyse the results                                                                 The Customer Relationship
                                                    - The Customer                  corrective and preventive   Specialist shall conclude
                      and determine the                                             measures;
                                                      Relationship Specialist                                   the tracking of all
                      specific liabilities;                                       - The QA shall inspect the
                                                      shall track and evaluate                                  complaints handled last
                    - In case of complaints, the                                    actual improvement,
                      Complaint Handling              corrective and preventive                                 month before the 25th of
                                                      measures, and record          record the effects with     each month, and update the
                      Specialist shall be
                                                      them in the CRM               “Site Inspection Record     customer's feedbacks at
                      responsible for
                                                      correspondingly.              Form” and give              the complaint platform.
                      coordinating and
                                                                                    feedbacks to the
                      communicating with the
                      customer.                                                     Customer Relationship
                                                                                    Specialist.



                                                    Graphic: Customer Opinion Handling Process

96   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
              Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Privacy Protection

Being a biotech enterprise, GenScript will be exposed to a large amount of confidential information
when collaborating with customers. The capacity of preventing information from leaking is primary
for GenScript to maintain customer relationships and sustain customer trust.


As of now, we have formulated “Public Network Usage Regulations”, “System Rights Management
Regulation”, “Business Data Management Regulation”, “Mobile Storage Device Usage Regulation”,
etc. to steer customer privacy protection at the system level. During the reporting period, we have
entrenched information security by pinpointing the risk points of network security, user security,
terminal security, and data security through analyzing enterprise information flows. With the
known risk points, we have adopted responsive strategies to fully realize data and confidentiality
protection.


 Cyber Security


 •   No access to internal network of unauthorized client;
 •   Data encryption between sites;
 •   Apply reliable firewalls;


 User Security


 •   Enhanced password and screen protection policies;
 •   Management strategies and technical measures to ensure that users only have access to
     the applications and resources necessary for their work;


 Terminal Security


 •   Strengthening the defense capabilities of anti-virus software;
 •   Centralized backup of laptop hard drive data;
 •   Setting the notebook hard drive unlock password to avoid physical theft;
 •   Introducing Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) Project to enhance desktop data security;
 •   Remote monitoring and erasing of mobile devices using mobile device management (MDM)
     solutions;


 Data Security


 •   Independent review prior to mail delivery;
 •   Ensuring that all uploaded content and files are fully documented for auditing;
 •   Implementing a screen watermark to prevent data leakage via picture taking.




                                                  Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    97
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report


             In addition, we actively follow up the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) of the European
             Union via integrating abundant internal resources to achieve compliant operations. We promptly
             send privacy statements to our customers and earnestly respect for their privacy choices. We
             reconstructed multiple existing systems to ensure that customer privacy choices are carried out at
             the business level.


                                    GDPR, the reassurance of customer privacy protection


               In June 2018, GenScript sent a privacy protection email to the current stock customers,
               requesting customers to choose their own approaches of privacy disclosure.




98   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                          Environmental, Social and Governance Report


4.   “Artisans” as Builders, Shoulder to Shoulder
     The driving force behind GenScript’s persistent innovation lies in talented individuals and harmonious
     teams. We deem employees as builders of our promising future, and develop their sense of belonging
     and ownership through equal recruitment platforms, diverse work environments, sufficient development
     opportunities, scientific incentives, and rich cultural activities. In the meantime, we hammer at creating a
     highly collaborative and challenging team and motivating the team’s enthusiasm and creativity to better
     realize the strategic development of GenScript.


     4.1   Advocating Talents

           Recruitment Status

           “Best person for the best job” is GenScript’s pivotal recruitment standard. As a high-tech enterprise
           with rapid development, we concentrate on training high-end technical talents, practical business
           talents and core management talents so as to lay a solid foundation for R&D, market development
           and corporate governance.


           We strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations of the countries where the operations
           are located, including Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China and Fair Labor Standards Act
           (FLSA), etc. Based on these laws, we have issued the “Recruitment Management System” to guide
           the Company’s recruitment process. We cling to a fair and equal employment concept, pay full
           attention to the candidate’s business ability, personal qualities, development potential and value
           congruence, and never discriminate against individuals due to their background, gender, age,
           sexual orientation, religious beliefs and other background factors. Meanwhile, we fully protect
           the legitimate rights and interests of every employee, resist employing child labor in any form,
           eliminate forced labor caused by violence, threats and illegal restrictions on personal freedom,
           and severely curb and punish workplace harassment. The Company has never found any incidents
           involving the use of child labor and forced labor.




                                                            Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    99
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


              By the end of 2018, the number of employees of GenScript has increased significantly to 2,620,
              increased by 35.6% over the previous year. The recruitment status of GenScript in the light of
              group categorization is as the following:


                                                                                 7%
                                                                                             Doctor’s degree
                                                                        26%
                                       47%                                            26%
                                                Male                                         Master’s degree
                                                Female                                       Bachelor degree
                        53%
                                                                                             Under Bachelor
                                                                               41%




                    By Gender                                         By Academic Qualification

                                  2%                                          7% 0%

                                                <30                                          Mainland China
                        39%
                                                30-50                                        America
                                                >50                                          Other area
                                   59%
                                                                                93%




                    By Age                                            By Region


                                  8%            Production
                            15%
                                                Sales and marketing
                      16%                       R&D
                                       49%      Administration
                       12%                      Management




                    By Job Function


              GenScript is an enterprise earnestly demanding for professionals. Given strategic considerations,
              we have targeted the goal of “key talent introduction” and explored multi-channel and multi-level
              recruitment and employment methods during the reporting period, aiming to build the talent pool
              for GenScript’s future development.




100   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
              Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                                         Disseminating the brand
                                           image : open up the
                                         WeChat public account
                                              of “GenScript
                                              Recruitment”




                       High-precision talent                    Internal
                       recruitment: set up a               recommendation:
                       talent hunting team and               “Talent Scout
                       organize special                       Scholarship”
                       recruitment activities




                              Graphic: Talent Recruitment Highlights


In addition to the talent introduction project, we have further established a talent mobility
mechanism to promote interactions between business sections. We expect that every employee
can be trained in the most appropriate position and become an irreplaceable role within GenScript.


Such a scientific and diversified recruitment system has empowered GenScript to continuously
recruit talents from all over the world, form strong R&D teams and develop mature operation
teams. During the reporting period, Nanjing GenScript Biotech Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to
as “Nanjing GenScript”), one of GenScript’s subsidiaries, was honored with the qualifications of
establishing post-doctoral national independent workstation. Nanjing Bestzyme Bio-engineering
Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Nanjing Bestzyme”), another GenScript’s subsidiary, obtained
the qualification of launching post-doctoral national sub-workstation. Currently, five doctors have
been inbound.




                                                 Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   101
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


              Talent Management

              While talent pool is the cornerstone of our business operation, talent management determines the
              stage of enterprise development. GenScript regards human resource management as a long-term
              systematic project and works tirelessly.


              During the reporting period, we made major adjustments and updates on the organizational
              structure of human resources management, and established the “three pillars of human
              resources” to quickly respond to the changes in the talent needs of GenScript in the development
              process, providing accurate and professional talent protection services.

                               HRBP Team                        SSC Team                       COE Team
                        •Serving specific business       • Serves as the                • Serving the development
                         units, going deep into the        “Human Resources               of human resources
                         frontline, understanding          Sharing Service                strategy.
                         business needs, and               Center”.                     • The services
                         providing one-stop              • The services                   including:launching fast
                         solutions.                        including:                     and accurate recruitment
                        •Services including:               strengthening the              activities; organizing
                         optimizing the                    counter service                talent inventory and
                         organizational structure          awareness of the               providing talent analysis;
                         of the business                   basic personnel                organizing departments
                         unit; providing talent            service team;                  to carry out KPI analysis,
                         recruitment                       improving the                  diagnosing departmental
                         supports; motivating and          workflow and work              target management
                         retaining key talents;            efficiency; optimizing the     issues, assessing
                         providing targeted                on-the-job service             departmental priorities
                         training.                         process;publicizing the        and job responsibilities.
                                                           tax knowledge.


                                              Graphic: Three pillars of human resources


              At the same stage, we launched 15 department-level controlled documents including
              “Performance Management System”, “Organization Performance Management Implementation
              Rules” and “Employee Performance Management Implementation Rules”, so as to implement
              control over all aspects of human resources management and effectively promote the
              standardization of performance management. On this basis, we introduce external management
              tools, such as strategic decoding methodology and personal performance commitment (PBC) tools,
              to simultaneously enhance the core competitiveness of enterprises and employees.


              With an efficient, powerful and systematic talent management model, GenScript won several “Best
              Employers” awards during the reporting period.


                                                                                                    Human Resource
                                      Best employer of the year
                                                                                               Management Excellence
                                         (Zhilian recruitment)
                                                                                                           Award


                                       Innovative extraordinary                                College students’ favorite
                                                employer                                                employers
                                                 (hunting)                                          (Street Network)




102   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


4.2   Cultivating “Artisans”

      GenScript firmly believes that every talent needs to learn knowledge and develop skills with the
      times to ensure sustainable development of individuals and organizations. As a knowledge- and
      technology- driven company, we have the obligation and ability to provide our employees with
      professional knowledge and skills training and corresponding career development opportunities,
      so that employees can think and benefit.


      Employee Training

      GenScript strives to build itself into a learning organization and develop a unique training system
      that is oriented towards employee responsibilities and development prospects. To this end,
      we have developed the “Training Management System” and the supporting “Internal Lecturer
      Management System”, “Course Development Management Measures” and “Credit Management
      System”, etc. We uphold the training principle of “comprehensively improving employee knowledge,
      skills and work efficiency in a people-oriented manner” and the goal of “strengthening the
      relevance, effectiveness and practicality of training”. With the principle and the goal, we categorize
      and specify the training responsibilities, content classification, demand collection, planning,
      implementation and evaluation, archiving, etc.


                 Human Resources                         Business unit                            Internal trainer
                 Department


                    • Responsible for the                    • Cooperate with the                     • Prepare lessons
                      management,                              Ministry of Human                        according to the
                      planning, control and                    Resources to develop                     training process of the
                      coordination of training                 departmental training                    Company and
                    • Cooperate with                           plans                                    department, and
                      employee career                        • Coordinating                             continue to develop
                      planning to establish                    department personnel                     courses
                      training files                           to participate in                      • Evaluate the training
                                                               training at all levels                   content of employees
                                                                                                        and propose
                                                                                                        improvement plans




                                                 Graphic: Training Management Process


      In the form of training, we further deepened the combination of training content and employee
      needs, designed and proposed a training project system with the characteristics of GenScript, and
      made significant progress during the reporting period.




                 On-the-job              General force       Professional               Leadership         Special training
                 training                training            training                   training           • Young
                 • Corporate             • Core Values       • 5 series                 • Reserve/           Talent Youth
                   Culture/Rules           Training            training                   grassroots/        training
                 • Information           • Product           • High-altitude              middle/senior      program
                   Security/               Service/Project     staff                      management       • Innovation
                   Security                Management/         professional               leadership         salon
                   Training                Vocational          training                   training         • Collegiate
                                          Skills Training                                                    workshop




                                                   Graphic: Five training dimensions


                                                                    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018              103
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report



                Young Talent Project


                •   Targeted group: high-skilled and young employees; to train their stress resistance and
                    comprehensive quality;
                •   Measures: 4 closed training, tutor system, expansion training, interviews, general quality
                    elective courses, etc.;
                •   Results: The final number of employees reached 170, and 10 employees left. The turnover
                    rate was only 5.88%;


                Leadership Training Project


                •   “Captain” training (for junior management): expanded from Nanjing to Zhenjiang and North
                    America, and the coverage rate of junior management exceeds 95%;
                •   “Colonel” training (for middle management): developed 7 courses, covering 94 person-
                    time on-the-job directors, managers, and manager trainees to fill the gap in the leadership
                    training of middle management;


                Professional Training Program


                •   Targeted group: specialized business personnel in various departments;
                •   Measures: Experts of 5 major training series (R&D, technology, marketing, sales, technical
                    support) sorted out the key tasks and capabilities of each series, extracted best practices
                    for curriculum development, trained employees with the curriculum and tested them with
                    tests;
                •   Outcomes: Overall satisfaction in R&D reached 94.3%, with confidence and self-assessment
                    for project, experiment and delivery of R&D results.

                                               Graphic: Highlights training program




104   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
              Environmental, Social and Governance Report


During the reporting period, we have actively improved the training system and fully empowered
our employees. The total number of trainees reached 8,798, and the average number of training
sessions reached 16.92 hours. The detailed training situation is as follows:


                              Male                         Female                          In total

                                     Average                      Average                         Average
                    Trained          training       Trained       training       Trained          training
                  person-time         hours       person-time       hours      person-time            hours

Production              1,915            13.16          2,283         16.66          4,198              15.05

Sales                     558            13.53           739           16.12         1,297              14.98

R&D                       687            18.16           743          20.42          1,430              19.38

Administration            461              7.39          466           8.54           927                 8.01

Management                625            25.45           321          26.60           946               25.89

Total                   4,246            14.39          4,552         16.45          8,798              16.92


Employee Promotion

GenScript adopts a dual channel promotion system, one channel for the management and the
other channel for the professionals. Being a learning organization at the first place, we also
aim to become an artisanship-oriented enterprise, encouraging employees to make progress in
biotechnology. We expect employees to make full use of the Company’s comprehensive training
system to improve their professional knowledge and technical level, and to go through the
professional channel to obtain a clearer and more substantial development return.


In addition to the dual channel, we have established two promotion modes: ranking promotion and
position promotion. The promotion of the ranks is based on the training files and job performance
evaluation results, and requires employees to pass the rank review in terms of performance and
professional knowledge and skills. When a job is vacant, internal employees can conduct open
competition and receive a job promotion. This dual promotion model can increase the flexibility
while ensuring the stability of the promotion system.




                                                    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018             105
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


       4.3    Connecting Hearts

              Labour relations are not the only connection between a company and its employees. In GenScript’s
              view, an excellent enterprise should not only achieve business breakthroughs via talent building,
              but also continuously deepen the emotional connection between employees and organizations,
              employees and employees, etc. We sincerely expect all employees to experience care and
              warmness in GenScript.


              Employee Communication

              Transparent and effective employee communication facilitates the building of trust, understanding
              and confidence at all levels of the Company. Therefore, GenScript has developed a series of
              two-way communication mechanisms to provide opportunities for employee and the management
              to have dialogues, deliver employee opinions and management expectations, and promote mutual
              understanding of the problems and solutions faced by the Company.




                                                         As an internal
                                As an internal           networking platform       As an annual internal
                                magazine for             for employees to          survey, used to
                                corporate news and       post comments             understand employee
                                employee sharing         anonymously               satisfaction as a basis
                                                         management responds       for improvement

                                                           Golden Harbor            Employee loyalty
                                 "Ruyi" publication                                       survey
                                                             Platform



                                                         Invite high-performance   The management of
                                Invite employee
                                                         employees to have         each department
                                representatives from
                                                         lunch with senior         conducted interviews
                                various departments to
                                                         executives such as        with departing
                                give feedback on the
                                                         CEOs to share work        employees and listened
                                work
                                                         experience                to their suggestions

                                                                                        Interview
                                    Employee               CEO luncheon                 departing
                                     seminar                                           employees

                                            Graphic: Employee communication channel




106   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
              Environmental, Social and Governance Report



                                          CEO Luncheon




 From March to October 2018, GenScript held “CEO Luncheons” in Nanjing and Zhenjiang for
 eight times, inviting 79 high-performance (S-level) employees from all departments of the
 Company and recently promoted employees of the 2018. At the luncheon, the Company’s CEO
 Dr. Zhang, vice presidents, other senior management and employees gathered together to
 share work experience. The management answered the employees’ questions, and took notes
 of employees’ difficulties and pain points in work; when the event was over, feedback was
 sent back to relevant departments for improvement. On the one hand, the luncheon guides
 all employees to pay attention to the high-performance oriented culture and enhances the
 incentive effect of employee excellence; on the other hand, it draws the distance between
 employees and senior management closer to provide a platform for the management to
 understand the frontline voices and opinions.


Employee Welfare

GenScript believes that safeguarding employee benefits will help to enhance employees’ sense
of belonging to the Company, promote the Company’s cohesiveness, and create a harmonious
atmosphere for the Company. Therefore, we have designed and provided a humanized welfare
system based on the protection of employees’ statutory rights and interests.


In terms of salary and benefits, we have the “Salary and Welfare Improvement Plan”, which will
carry out salary adjustment semi-annually, and increase the talent loyalty through rich and
predictable salary and benefits. In addition to salary, we provide employees with a variety of
subsidies covering accommodation, transportation, meals and festivals. We also prepare annual
medical examination, major illness medical insurance and accident insurance for each employee.
In terms of work-life balance, we limit the number of overtime hours and travel time per month,
and arrange for employees to take vacations according to overtime and travel conditions. At the
same time, we encourage our employees to build a sense of ownership and motivate employees
by granting options based on their performance. In terms of difficult assistance, we have set up a
charity fund within the Company to solve problems for employees who are bothered with financial
difficulties and serious illnesses. We expect all employees to feel the solicitude from the Company
by caring all their needs.




                                                 Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     107
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


              Employee Activities

              Rich cultural and recreational activities can help employees maintain a healthy body and a
              positive attitude, and promote communication between employees. GenScript constantly evolve
              and enrich employee activities, and is committed to creating a cultural and entertainment platform
              with GenScript’s characteristics. Today, GenScript has developed the running festival, Huashan
              sword, anniversary celebration, employee skill competition, etc. into a brand of corporate culture
              activities, attracting all members to participate and creating a good memory for all members.


                                        5 Generations of Brilliance, 10 forces of Creation




                On 15th August 2018, GenScript held the “5 Generations of Brilliant, 10 Forces of Creation
                – GenScript’s 16th Anniversary & 5/10 Anniversary Staff Appreciation Meeting”. Employee
                representatives from various departments of the Company shared their career development and
                struggles within the Company. The management issued an anniversary ring for the 5/10th Anniversary
                Office, thanking them for their long-term commitment to the Company’s continued efforts to grow.


                                            Huashan on the sword, master showdown




                From September to November 2018, GenScript’s 2018 “Huashan Argument – Employee Skills
                Competition” was launched. The competition consisted of six courses, including pipette,
                purification (primer, protein, peptide), English and EXCEL, which attracted a total of more
                than 400 employees to participate in the showdown. The size and final score of this year’s
                competition have been greatly improved compared to previous years. Through the Employee
                Skills Competition, the Company aims to motivate employees to gain enthusiasm, cultivate
                lifelong learning habits, and promote their development while improving their business skills.

108   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report


5.   Guard the Environment, Care for Life
     While providing extensive and comprehensive life science research and application services, GenScript
     is also concerned about the impact of business operations on the environment and employee health. In
     order to monitor and control energy consumption in R&D and production processes, and to reduce the
     environmental impact of emissions, we have established an Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS)
     department and have set strict standards for employee safety and health management. GenScript further
     revised “the EHS Management Manual” in 2018 to guide the implementation of EHS management with a
     higher standard. It will also conduct daily inspections and enhance the EHS management system of each
     subsidiary to achieve GenScript’s EHS management objectives.


     5.1   Operating Sustainably

           We strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations covering “Environmental Protection Law of
           People’s Republic of China”, “Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of
           Water Pollution”, “Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Pollution from
           Environmental Noise” and “Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of
           Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste”. We carefully manage and treat wastewater, exhaust gas
           and solid waste in accordance with “the EHS Management Manual” to ensure that all pollutants
           are emitted compliantly. GenScript regularly entrusts third parties to conduct environmental
           monitoring, and examines the operation of exhaust gas and wastewater treatment facilities
           based on environmental monitoring results. At present, the compliance information of Nanjing
           GenScript’s pollutant treatment is disclosed by the “Environmental Information” section of the
           Company’s official website.


           Waste water

           GenScript attaches great importance to the effective treatment and the compliant discharge
           of wastewater. Taking Nanjing GenScript as an example, the sewage mainly includes household
           wastewater, laboratory wastewater, animal room flushing water and other kinds generated during
           our R&D and production processes. The wastewater, after being treated by the internal sewage
           treatment plant to reach Level Three of “the Integrated Wastewater Discharge Standard”, will
           be discharged to the local Science Park Wastewater Treatment Plant via the municipal sewage
           pipe network. At the exit of the internal sewage treatment plant, we have set up an online
           sewage monitoring system linking to the government to monitor the real-time sewage discharge
           concentration and ensure stable discharge of sewage.


           Exhaust gas

           In terms of exhaust emissions, GenScript’s headquarters and subsidiaries have made corresponding
           improvements to different types of exhaust emissions. For Nanjing GenScript, its exhaust gas is
           mainly from laboratory and animal rooms. We strictly abides by local emission standards, builds a
           sound ventilation system, and effectively collects hazardous gas emitted during the experiment. We
           require that any operation that may cause air pollution must be carried out in a fume hood, after
           which the exhaust gas shall be adsorbed by activated carbon and then discharged via rooftop. For
           Jinan BestZyme Bio-engineering Co,. Ltd (hereinafter referred as “Jinan BestZyme”), its exhaust
           emissions are mainly from coal-fired boilers. In 2018, Jinan BestZyme replaced coal-fired boilers
           with gas-fired boilers, significantly reducing the emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides.


                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     109
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


              Waste

              GenScript is constantly trying to develop alternatives and technologies to decline hazardous
              chemicals. Through experiments, we collect data and conduct analysis to diminish the generation
              and emissions of heavy metal pollutants, thereby expanding environmental and social benefits.


                      Use RBS detergent as an alternative lotion to reduce hazardous waste generation


                We have found out that RBS detergent (a highly efficient water-
                based cleaner) can replace potassium dichromate washes in daily
                production. The original heavy chromic acid washing liquid is
                prepared from concentrated sulfuric acid, potassium dichromate
                and water with a validity period of half a year, featuring heavy metal
                chromium and strong acidity. RBS detergent, as an alternative
                lotion, mainly consists of sodium hydroxide, sodium hypochlorite,
                etc. It does not contain heavy metals and can be effective for about
                25 months. The use of RBS detergents reduces the generation and
                emission of heavy metal contaminants while lowering the safety
                risk during usage.



              The EHS department arranges daily personnel to collect, weigh and centrally classify the waste
              generated by each department. It promptly contacts qualified third-party companies to conduct
              hazardous waste disposal and regularly report the hazardous waste system. GenScript organizes
              hazardous waste management training every year and implements training results through
              daily inspections to strengthen hazardous waste management. During the reporting period, our
              average general waste disposal intensity was 0.35 tons/10,000 USD, and average hazardous waste
              (including medical waste) disposal intensity was 3.91 tons/million USD.


                                     Sludge drying treatment to reduce sludge production


                In June 2018, GenScript invested 55.4 thousand USD and
                used sludge drying measures to reduce sludge moisture and
                consequently the amount of sludge to be transported. The wet
                sludge is treated by a plate- and-frame filter-press. Then it enters
                a low-temperature drying treatment facility, by which the weight
                of sludge can be lowered by about 60% after drying. In 2018, the
                amount of sludge engendered will decrease by about 3 tons per
                month.




110   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
               Environmental, Social and Governance Report



Sewage statistics                                                                             2017                  2018

Sewage disposal (cubic meters)                                                            148,054               196,899
Number of non-compliance incidents for sewage COD content                                          0                     0
Annual COD disposal (tons)                                                                   12.90                  28.16
Annual NH-N disposal (tons)                                                                      0.8                   0.9

GenScript’s sewage mainly comes from its subsidiary Jinan BestZyme. In 2018, Jinan BestZyme
Phase II project was started and now still in the running-in period. As the the innovative enzyme
preparation project and spray drying project were put in place, the total amount of sewage and
pollutants correspondingly increased compared with 2017.


Exhaust emission statistics                                                                   2017                  2018

Exhaust emissions (1,000 cubic meters)                                                      95,728              614,988
Emission of smoke and dust (tons)                                                              1.70                  0.13
Sulfur dioxide emissions (tons)                                                                 7.12                 0.41
NOx emissions (tons)                                                                         13.54                   2.25

1.    In 2018, GenScript’s subsidiary Jiangsu GenScript Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu GenScript”) fully activated the new
      plant equipment. Its peptide production was different from that of Nanjing GenScript, for the amount of exhaust gas
      generated was huge. Besides, the exhaust gas treatment facilities and processing capacity of the Jiangsu GenScript
      plant are significantly improved, so the total amount of exhaust gas increased significantly;

2.    In 2018, GenScript’s subsidiary Jinan BestZyme comprehensively carried out the boiler-to-gas conversion project, and
      the amount of pollutants discharged from the exhaust gas after natural gas was greatly reduced.


Waste Disposed                                                                                2017                  2018

Domestic waste generated (tons)                                                           2,703.13              7,996.33
Hazardous waste (excl. medical waste) (tons)                                                 36.82                640.21
Medical waste (tons)                                                                        275.47                263.93

1.    In 2018, Jinan BestZyme Phase II was started and its current status is still unstable. The innovative enzyme
      preparation project and the spray drying project were put into production, generating huge amount of general waste.

2.    The hazardous waste is mostly derived from Jiangsu GenScript, which fully activated the new plant equipment in
      2018. The peptide production of Jiangsu GenScript, different from that of Nanjing GenScript, would engender much
      exhaust gas.




                                                          Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                   111
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


       5.2    Cherishing resources

              GenScript attaches great importance to the management of resources. During the reporting period,
              we formulated “the Energy Management Measures” to regulate 23 energy consumption issues in
              8 categories including lighting power, office equipment and construction energy consumption. At
              the same time, we also conducted relevant training for all employees. In this way, we can guide
              employees to implement energy management details.


                               Air conditioning heating system energy-saving renovation project


                In 2018, in order to reduce the amount of natural gas to
                downgrade the pollution from fossil fuel combustion,
                GenScript further implemented energy-saving
                renovation of animal room air-conditioning heating
                system by installing modular cooler-and-chiller water
                units and electric heating devices. Such measures
                lowered the usage frequency of gas boilers, thereby
                lessening emissions of soot, SO2 and NOX.



              We have also strengthened water resources management measures, reinforced staff’s
              water-saving training and formed a water-saving culture. We are committed to strengthening the
              reuse of water and saving water resources. In this year, the Company upgraded the water reuse
              project of rabbit house, landscape pool and lawnspray. The upcycle increases the utilization range
              and efficiency of circulating water; in 2018, the total amount of recycled water was about 43,000
              tons. During the reporting period, GenScript promoted the realization of water saving goals for all
              employees through project transformation.


              Energy consumption and carbon emissions                                    2017             2018

              Energy consumption (MWh)                                                  17,819          46,874
              Energy intensity (MWh/USD10,000)                                            1.17             2.03
              Natural Gas Consumption (’000 cubic meters)                              810.62         2,896.68
              Natural Gas Consumption Intensity
                (cubic meters/USD10,000)                                                 53.10          125.39
              Greenhouse gas emissions (tons CO2-e) (Scope 1 only)                    1,752.70        6,094.81
              Greenhouse gas emissions (tons CO2-e) (Scope 2 only)                  13,782.80        36,958.02
              GHG intensity (tons CO2-e/USD10,000)                                        1.02             1.86




112   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report



      Water consumption statistics                                                   2017             2018

      Water consumed (’000 cubic meters)                                           212.99           410.65
      Water recycled (’000 cubic meters)(Grey water recycling
        system is only installed at the headquarters
        in Jiangning District, Nanjing)                                             10.23             44.31
      Water consumption intensity (cubic meters/USD10,000)                          13.95             17.78

      In 2018, Jinan BestZyme Phase II was started and is still in the running-in period. In the same
      period, the innovative enzyme preparation project and the spray drying project were put into
      production, whereupon the amount of energy and water consumption climbed remarkably.


5.3   Producing Safely

      GenScript is devoted to protecting our employees at work. EHS Department is responsible
      for managing these safety hazards and mitigating the risk. We have gradually improved our
      techniques, upgraded our facilities, and regularly checked and maintained our equipment. We
      provided training to reduce the risk of safety accidents and reach our goal of zero accident.


      GenScript provides employees at high-risk positions with personal protective equipment. We
      conduct occupational hazard assessment and arrange occupational physical examinations for
      employees every year. We have also established health records. Occupational hazards are posted
      on the Company’s bulletin board to ensure that all employees are fully aware of the safety and
      health risks inherent in their positions, keeping our staff vigilant of safety and health protection.


      Every month EHS liaisons at different departments work with EHS staff on safety inspections of
      production sites, employee dormitories and canteens. We regularly organize safety and health
      training. The safety training that has been carried out so far includes: “Electrical Safety”, “Elevator
      Safety”, “Hazardous Chemicals Safety Handling and Storage”, “Pressurized Container Safety
      Operation”, “Precursor Chemicals Control”, “Hazardous Waste Management”, “Protection against
      Occupational Hazards”. We also call for employees to take assessment after completing the
      training. We have developed detailed reports and procedures for security accidents, ensuring that
      employees are properly responding to security risks through the “Fire Emergency Evacuation and
      Fire Extinguisher Training”.




                                                       Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018       113
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                         Accident Handling Flow
                                                                                            OA - 01
                                                                                       Accident Reporting




                                                                                              EHS - 02
                                                                                    Accident Handling and Identification




                                   General                                                    Severe                                                Major
                                   accident                                                  accident                                              accident


                         Optional

                    Equipment                                 Equipment                                                     Equipment
                                                                                                            Backstage         Dept                           Backstage           CEO
                      Dept.                                     Dept                                                                                         Operation
                                                                                                            Operation
                                                                                                            Center VP                                        Center VP
                                                                                                                             Engineering Dept.
                  Dept. liable for the accident                       Engineering Dept.

                                                                                                                             Dept. liable for the accident
                                Engineering Dept.                      Dept. liable for the accident


                                                  Accident emergent reponse, handling, investigation and analysis -03




                                   EHS Director -04                                       EHS Director-04                                      EHS Director-04
                             Disclose accident investigation report                Disclose accident investigation report               Disclose accident investigation report
                                     Time limit˖3 days                                      Time limit:7 days                                   Time limit:10 days




                         Optional


                     Equipment
                                                    Engineering Dept.
                       Dept                                                                  Backstage
                                                                                             Operation                             Backstage Operation Center VP
                       Person in charge of the dept. liable for the                          Center VP                                         -06
                                       accident -05                                                                                        Approve and submit the report
                        Confirm the implementation of rectification
                                                                                               -06
                                                                                           Approve the report
                              measures raised by the report




                                      EHS-07                                               Complete the archive
                                                                                                                                                    CEO-06
                                     Validate the                                          of accident summary                                   Assign the report
                                  rectification results



                                                               Graphic: Safety accident report flow chart


              GenScript has developed an inclusive accident management system that incorporates the
              definition and grading of accidents, as well as requirements of accident reporting, rescue,
              responsibility and assessment. When an accident occurs, the Department of Accident shall
              promptly report the accident to the EHS Department. The EHS Department firstly organizes the
              rescue, and then clarifies the accident level according to the Company’s accident management
              system and accident handling process. Following this, the department initiates an accident
              investigation and later issues an accident investigation report. After carrying out the cause
              analysis, proposing corrective measures and implementing them, we can finally confirm the
              rectification results and practice safety assessment. At present, we have introduced an automated
              process based on the accident handling process to realize timely system reporting.



114   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      During the reporting period, due to the noise impact caused by the operating fans, we equipped
      the relevant personnel for earplugs/ear cups in the rabbit room, and we are planning to install
      double-layer acoustic glass to minimize the impact of noise on the experimenters’ health.


      In addition, we have added several “mixed gas monitors” and “oxygen content monitors” in different
      areas. The monitoring room supervises the alarm devices in real time to ensure that the rescue
      and evacuation work can be carried out in time when abnormal conditions occur in the monitoring
      area.


      GenScript’s work accident condition in 2018 is shown in the table below. Overall, the number of
      accidents has remained stable and slightly reduced from the previous year. For the accidents that
      have occurred, GenScript has taken reasonable improvement measures to take proper protection
      against accidents and further strengthen employee safety training. During the reporting period,
      there were no deaths caused by work-related injuries.


      Safety statistics                                                           2017              2018

      Number of incidents                                                             4                 3
      Number of days lost due to incidents                                         232            316.50

5.4   Doing Moral experiment

      GenScript will inevitably use laboratory animals such as rats and rabbits in drug experiments.
      Animal welfare is a profound issue in environmental ethics. While lowering environmental impact
      and coexisting with the ecological environment, GenScript also pays close attention to the
      relationship between humans and animals, treats laboratory animals equally, and proactively
      improves their situation.


      GenScript strictly abides by “the Regulations on the Administration of Laboratory Animals” and
      “the Measures for the Administration of Laboratory Animal Licenses (Trial)”. GenScript vigorously
      responds to the animal welfare requirements expected in the international scope. The research
      program design can not only meet the purpose of scientific research, but also promote the
      development of animal-related science and guarantee the rights and interests of experimental
      animals to the maximum extent. We promise that all laboratory animals will be raised and used
      scientifically and humanely. Our approach is to optimize experiments, lessen and replace the use
      of laboratory animals.


      GenScript’s Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) is responsible for auditing
      and monitoring monitoring the ethics of the Company’s animal experiment program, as well as
      guaranteeing the animal welfare during the ordering, transportation, breeding and experimental
      research of various experimental animals. To better ensure the smooth operation of IACUC, we
      updated the IACUC members according to the discussion and voting results at the 2018 IACUC
      meeting. The new IACUC organizational structure is as follows:




                                                     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018       115
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                                     Institutional Official
                                                   Dr. Sally Wang President




                    Animal Research                       Attending                       IACUC
                      Management                         Veterinarian                   (Chairman)
                    Daniel Wang, VP                        Chen Hu                        Hui Luo




                                Antibody                            Animal Facility                   IACUC Member
                           Department Director                         Manager                         Junbao Huang
                              Liusong Yin                             Ye Zhang                            Li Chen
                                                                                                        Chuanli Guo
                                                                                                         Yun Zhang



                  In Vivo Pharmacology                                                 IACUC Office
                                                         Veterinarian
                   Department Director                                                   Secretary
                                                         Lilian Chen
                      Kenneth Zhang                                                    Zhengtao Xia

                                                   Graphic: IACUC organization chart


              During the year, IACUC added 10 new SOPs in animal housing management and animal welfare,
              revised 38 SOPs, IACUC provided post-update training for the appropriate personnel. We have
              further corrected the institutional system for animal housing management and animal welfare.
              We have hired professionals with veterinary qualification certificates and 8 years of animal
              welfare working experience to enhance the management of veterinary team. We also reinforces
              the awareness of animal welfare and animal biological characteristics, and implements animal
              welfare work effectively to ensure that international standards and company requirements are
              met. In 2018, GenScript’s training on animal welfare includes but is not limited to:


                                                   Animal Welfare Training Program


                                                              Animal Welfare
                                      Biological and Experimental Techniques for Small Mouse
                                         Biological and Experimental Techniques for Big Mouse
                                             Rabbit biology and Experimental Techniques
                                                       Incident Reporting System
                                                 Animal Disease Monitoring Technology
                                            Animal Euthanasia Hands-on Practice Training


              GenScript’s animal housing facilities in the Nanjing headquarters are accredited by the
              Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care (AAALAC) and the Office
              of Laboratory Animal Welfare of the National Institutes of Health of the United States (OLAW).
              GenScript regularly discloses and reports to local authorities on the ordering and usage of animals
              as required. During the reporting period, we adopted a series of improvement measures to ensure
              that animal welfare is fully fitted.




116   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report



                                            Place a cage for food and water




             The animal buildings of laboratory rabbits and mice have all been equipped with mouse cages
             in replace of sticky mouse plates. We placed the cages at all entrances and exits of the two
             animal buildings in the cages, food and water sufficient for a week are prepared to secure the
             timely supply for trapped voles or escaped mice regarding animal welfare. For the captured
             voles or escaped mice, the veterinarian arranges for the corresponding euthanasia treatment,
             and the animal carcasses are treated as medical waste by a professional medical waste
             company.


                Use a more comfortable rabbit cage to improve the living environment quality of rabbits


                                           We provided a standard plastic rest pad for the laboratory
                                           rabbits so that the rabbits no longer contact the metal cage
                                           directly. The updated rest pad is not only easy to be cleaned and
                                           disinfected, but also enhances the animal’s somatosensory
                                           comfort. Furthermore, we resized rabbit cages catering for
                                           rabbits’ need, and purchased 23 sets of stainless steel
                                           automatic washing frame to secure enough feeding space for
                                           large animals.



6.   Give back to Society, Warm the Hope
     GenScript’s commitment to social responsibility is a significant support for the Company’s foothold.
     We promote the bio-research technology and actively share it with the world, bringing health to the
     public. We are well aware of the importance of cultivating the future social talents and invest in this
     field as an important mean to give back to society. At the same time, we are also devoted to doing our
     part in social charity. During the reporting period, we donated a total of 54,332 USD for public charity
     and environmental protection. We also invested 112,360 USD to sponsor various research activities for
     promoting social welfare.




                                                            Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   117
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


       6.1    Promoting Health

              The Company adheres to the philosophy of benefiting human health, actively carries out
              international exchanges and cooperation, and disseminates advanced concepts to more regions.
              This year, we held many forum meetings with well-known academicians and units, and cooperated
              with the government to obtain a number of special funds and a series of honors, which altogether
              built a solid foundation for better promoting high-efficiency drugs and bringing health to the
              public.


                                The First International Symposium on Synthetic Biology in 2018




                From 20th to 21st September 2018, the first International Symposium on Synthetic Biology
                themed “Microbial Transformation of Natural Products – Trends, Prospects, Transformation”,
                sponsored by GenScript, was held at Life Science and Technology Town, Jiangning
                District, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province. The symposium was initiated by Chinese and American
                academicians, and more than 100 authoritative experts and scholars from China, the United
                States, South Korea and New Zealand attended it. It focused on the most advanced synthetic
                biology theories and technologies, and shared the latest research progress in the field of
                synthetic biology. More importantly, it provided a platform for exchanges as well as cooperation
                between synthetic biology researchers at home and abroad, facilitating the transformation of
                high-tech scientific and technological achievements in synthetic biology.


       6.2    Nurturing Talents

              GenScript focuses on the cultivation of the future social talents. GenScript is willing to provide
              more opportunities for young talents who are interested in pursuing a career in biotechnology. We
              regularly organize field visits during which college students come to observe how biotech operates
              in the real world. Such visits can for the one hand develop students’ interest and provide them with
              professional academic guidance, for the other hand invite and cultivate out-standing graduates
              to join with us. We will also extend our activities to primary and secondary schools, hoping that
              more children will love both biology and science and devote themselves to societal responsible
              development.




118   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
            Environmental, Social and Governance Report



                    Popular science activity series “Through the Life Journey”




As a provincial and municipal life sciences popular science base, GenScript held a series of
popular science activities named “Through the Life Journey” on 12th June, 2018 and invited
fourth-grade students of Jiangning Science Park Primary School to attend the activities.
Through small experiments and interactions of interesting biochemistry, we kindled the
primary school students’ interests in life sciences and sowing the dreams of being scientists in
students’ hearts.


                                         iGEM Program




Since 2009, GenScript has continued to work with the International Genetic Engineering
Machine Competition (iGEM) to help potential students achieve their goals. As of 2018, the
team that GenScript funded won 26 gold medals, 8 silver medals, 13 bronze medals and
multiple individual awards in iGEM. GenScript also took a vital role in promoting iGEM in
China, wishing to stimulate the youngsters’ interests in scientific research as well as bridge
international education and cultural exchanges for Nanjing.




                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    119
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


       6.3    Caring for Society

              GenScript energetically involves itself in public welfare, supports the socially underprivileged and
              swiftly responds to the social need. In 2018, we launched the Paperless Program, which contributed
              to the environmental protection, pollution reduction and waste minimization. We also advocated
              employees to participate in volunteer activities. We organized family members to join voluntary blood
              donation, running festivals and other public welfare activities so as to bring warmth to society.


                                                                    Paperless Program




                The Paperless Program of GenScript targets at the environmental protection, pollution
                reduction and waste minimization. GenScript calls on its customers to partake in the event and
                followed two initiatives: for one thing, GenScript will provide electronic product/service reports
                to customers instead of hard copies to reduce paper waste; for another thing, in each order,
                GenScript donated one USD on behalf of the customer and accordingly donated another one
                USD by itself to American Forests (https://www.americanforests.org). The two USD will support
                the plantation of two trees in endangered forests. During the reporting period, GenScript saved
                about 120,000 sheets of paper and planted 25,000 trees through the project.



                                                                                                    25,000 USD
                                                                                                    25,000 trees



                                                                                          $
                                                                                       Donate 1 USD
                                                                                                             =     Plant a tree
                                                                                  （ On behalf of the customer)

                     1 electronic order = save 10 pieces of paper                       For each electronic order of paper


                                60,000 customers
                                12,000 orders
                                                                                          $
                                                                                      Donate1 USD
                                                                                      Donate 1 USD
                                                                                                             =
                          saving 120,000 pieces of paper                               （ As Genscript)             Plant a tree




120   Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                           Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Appendix I. List of Awards and Certifications for 2018
No.       Awards and Certifications

1         Individual Champion Product in Manufacturing Industry awarded by Ministry of Industry and
          Information Technology of the People’s Republic of China (Artificial gene synthesis bio-product)
2         Independent Workstation for Post-Doctoral Scientific Research
3         Jiangsu Scientific and Technological Entrepreneur (Frank Zhang, CEO of the company, won the award)
4         Jiangsu Special Fund for Scientific and Technological Achievement Transformation
5         2018 Provincial Innovation and Entrepreneurship (Team/Talent/Doctorate)
6         Jiangsu Multinational Corporation Regional Headquarter
7         2018 Business Development Special Fund – Service Outsourcing Project
8         Jiangsu Enzyme and Bioreaction Engineering Research Centre
9         Nanjing Second – batch Unicorn Enterprise
10        Nanjing Second – batch Gazelle Enterprise
11        2018 Annual Top Technological Expert Gathering Program – A-class expert (the academician Jay D.
          Keasling won the prize)
12        Zhenjiang Top Talent Enterprise entitled “Jinshan Great Talent”

Appendix II. List of Disclosure Policies and Legal Regulations
Environmental           Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China
protection              Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution
                        Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Pollution from
                        Environmental Noise
                        Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental
                        Pollution by Solid Waste
Animal welfare          the Regulations on the Administration of Laboratory Animals
                        the Measures for the Administration of Laboratory Animal Licenses (Trial)
labor                   Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China
                        Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China
                        Law of the People’s Republic of China on Mediation and Arbitration of Labor Disputes
                        Special Rules on the Labor Protection of Female Employees
                        Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Occupational
                        Diseases
Product liability and   Law of the People’s Republic of China on Product Quality
service                 The advertisement law of the People’s Republic of China
                        Contract law of the People’s Republic of China
Anti-commercial         The law of the People’s Republic of China against unfair competition
bribery law
Antitrust, company      Anti-monopoly Law of the People’s Republic of China
                        Company Law of the People’s Republic of China
Information security    Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China
                        Interim Measures for the Administration of Human Genetic Resources
Intellectual property   Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China
                        Guidelines for patent examination
                        trademark law of the people’s republic of china
                        Copyright law of the people’s republic of china

                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018   121
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  Appendix III. Index of ESG Reporting Guide of HKEX
  Indicator               Description                                                        Indexes

  A. Environmental
  A1 Emissions
  General Disclosure      Information on the policies and compliance with relevant           5.1 Operating Sustainably
                          laws and regulations that have a significant impact on
                          the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions,
                          discharges into water and land, and generation of
                          hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
  KPI A1.1                The types of emissions and respective emission data.               5.1 Operating Sustainably
  KPI A1.2                Greenhouse gas emissions in total (in tonnes) and, where           5.2 Cherishing Resources
                          appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                          per facility).
  KPI A1.3                Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where              5.1 Operating Sustainably
                          appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                          per facility).
  KPI A1.4                Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and,                5.1 Operating Sustainably
                          where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production
                          volume, per facility).
  KPI A1.5                Description of measures to mitigate emissions and results          5.1 Operating Sustainably
                          achieved.
  KPI A1.6                Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes              5.1 Operating Sustainably
                          are handled, reduction initiates and results achieved.
  A2 Usage of Resources
  General Disclosure      Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy,      5.2 Cherishing Resources
                          water and other raw materials.
  KPI A2.1                Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g.            5.2 Cherishing Resources
                          electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and intensity
                          (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility)
  KPI A2.2                Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of         5.2 Cherishing Resources
                          production volume, per facility)
  KPI A2.3                Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and results       5.2 Cherishing Resources
                          achieved.
  KPI A2.4                Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water        5.2 Cherishing Resources
                          that is fit for purpose, water efficiency initiatives ad results
                          achieved.
  KPI A2.5                Total packaging material used for finished products (in            Not applicable due
                          tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit             to business nature
                          produced.                                                          and characteristics of
                                                                                             the Group. Packaging
                                                                                             materials are not an
                                                                                             important issue without
                                                                                             disclosure.




122    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                           Environmental, Social and Governance Report



Indicator              Description                                                    Indexes

A3 The Environment and Natural Resources
General Disclosure     Policies on minimizing the issuer’s significant impact on the 5. Guarding the
                       environment and natural resources.                             environment, caring for
                                                                                      life.
KPI A3.1               Description of the significant impacts of activities on the    5. Guarding the
                       environment and natural resources and the actions taken        environment, caring for
                       to manage them.                                                life.
B. Social
B1 Employment
General Disclosure     Information on the policies and compliance with relevant       4.1 Advocating Talents
                       laws and regulations that have a significant impact
                       on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal,
                       recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods,
                       equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other
                       benefits and welfare.
KPI B1.1               Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and 4.1 Advocating Talents
                       geographical region
KPI B1.2               Employment turnover rate by gender, age group and              Will refine and disclose
                       geographical region.                                           statistics in the future
B2 Health and Safety
General Disclosure     Information on the policies and compliance with relevant       5.3 Producing Safely
                       laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
                       issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and
                       protecting employees from occupational hazards
KPI B2.1               Number and rate of work-related fatalities.                    5.3 Producing Safely
KPI B2.2               Lost days to work injury.                                      5.3 Producing Safely


KPI B2.3               Description of occupational health and safety measures         5.3 Producing Safely
                       adopted, how they are implemented and monitored.
B3 Development and training
General Disclosure     Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills          4.2 Cultivating “Artisans”
                       for discharging duties at work. Description of training
                       activities.
KPI B3.1               The percentage of employees trained by gender and              4.2 Cultivating “Artisans”
                       employee category (e.g. senior management, middle
                       management)
KPI B3.2               The average training hours completed per employee by           4.2 Cultivating “Artisans”
                       gender and employee category.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      123
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report



  Indicator               Description                                                   Indexes

  B4 Labor Standards
  General Disclosure      Information on the policies and compliance with relevant      4.1 Advocating Talents
                          laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
                          issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor.
  KPI B4.1                Description of measures to review employment practices to 4.1 Advocating Talents
                          avoid child and forced labor.
  KPI B4.2                Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when Due to the operational
                          discovered.                                                   characteristics of the
                                                                                        Group, the employed
                                                                                        staff are required to have
                                                                                        higher education levels
                                                                                        and do not involve relevant
                                                                                        situations
  B5 Supply Chain Management
  General Disclosure      Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the    3.1 Optimizing Procurement
                          supply chain.
  KPI B5.1                Number of suppliers by geographical region.                   3.1 Optimizing Procurement
                                                                                        (Suppliers classified by
                                                                                        region are confidential to
                                                                                        the company and are not
                                                                                        disclosed)
  KPI B5.2                Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,      3.1 Optimizing Procurement
                          number of suppliers where the practices are being
                          implemented, how they are implemented and monitored.
  B6 Product Responsibility
  General Disclosure      Information on the policies and compliance with relevant      3.2 Consolidating Quality
                          laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the    3.3 Perfecting Services
                          issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labeling
                          and privacy matters relating to products and services
                          provided and methods of redress.
  KPI B6.1                Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to       3.2 Consolidating Quality
                          recalls for safety and health reasons.
  KPI B6.2                Number of products and service related complaints             3.3 Perfecting Services
                          received and how they are dealt with.
  KPI B6.3                Description of practices relating to observing and            2.3 Maintaining
                          protecting intellectual property rights.                      Achievements
  KPI B6.4                Description of quality assurance process and recall           3.2 Consolidating Quality
                          procedures.
  KPI B6.5                Description of consumer data protection and privacy           3.3 Perfecting Services
                          policies, how they are implemented and monitored.




124    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report



Indicator            Description                                                    Indexes

B7 Anti-corruption
General Disclosure   Information on the policies and compliance with relevant       1.2 Responsibility
                     laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the     Management
                     issuer.
KPI B7.1             Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt              1.2 Responsibility
                     practices brought against the issuer or its employees          Management
                     during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases.
KPI B7.2             Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing         1.2 Responsibility
                     procedures, how they are implemented and monitored.            Management
B8 Community
General Disclosure   Policies on community engagement to understand the             6. Giving back to society,
                     needs of the communities where the issuer operates             warm the hope
                     and to ensure its activities take into consideration the
                     communities’ interests.
KPI B8.1             Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental     6. Giving back to society,
                     concerns, labor needs, health, culture, sport).                warm the hope
KPI B8.2             Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus        6. Giving back to society,
                     area.                                                          warm the hope




                                                           Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      125
  Independent auditor’s report


                                             Ernst & Young        安永會計師事務所            Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                                             22/F, CITIC Tower    香港中環添美道1號           Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                                             1 Tim Mei Avenue     中信大廈22樓             ey.com
                                             Central, Hong Kong


  To the shareholders of Genscript Biotech Corporation
  (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


  Opinion
  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Genscript Biotech Corporation (the “Company”) and its
  subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 131 to 138, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
  position as at 31 December 2018, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement
  of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of
  cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of
  significant accounting policies.


  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
  position of the Group as at 31 December 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
  consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
  (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly
  prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


  Basis for opinion
  We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
  the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
  the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
  responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
  and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


  Key audit matters
  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
  of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
  our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
  provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
  the matter is provided in that context.


  We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
  financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
  the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
  the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
  to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated
  financial statements.




126    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                 Independent auditor’s report


Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Revenue recognition – Bio-science services and products

Revenue of bio-science services and products                  W e p e r f o r m e d t h e r e v i e w o n m a n a g e m e n t ’s
amounted to US$141,026,000 was recognized in 2018,            assessment of revenue recognition under HKFRS 15.
which represents 61% of the total revenue. Revenue            We carried out testing relating to internal controls.
recognition has been identified as a risk, particularly in    On a sample basis, we examined deliveries during the
respect of the occurrence and accuracy of a significant       year to documentation to assess whether the revenue
volume of transactions and the timing of revenue              recognition criteria were met for control of goods or
recognition for sales of goods and rendering of services      services is transferred to the customers at an amount
with deliveries occurring on or around year-end. In           that reflects the consideration to which the Group
addition, the Group applies, for the first time, HKFRS        expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers for the              services. We performed sales cut-off test to check
current year’s financial statements. Due to the significant   to the goods delivery note and client acceptance
volume of transactions, minor errors could, in aggregate,     note for sales of goods and check to the service
have a material impact on the financial statements.           report download record for rendering of services. We
                                                              performed monthly analysis to observe the sales trend
The Group’s disclosure about accounting policies of           and identify whether there are any unusual sales. We
revenue recognition is included in Note 2.4 summary           performed testing on journal entries to test for any
of significant accounting policies and about revenue          management override of internal controls related to
breakdown in Note 5 revenue, other income and gains           revenue recognition.
of the financial statements.

Revenue recognition – License and collaboration arrangement

On 21 December 2017, the Group and Janssen                    W e p e r f o r m e d t h e r e v i e w o n m a n a g e m e n t ’s
Biotech, Inc. (“Janssen”), entered into a collaboration       assessment of revenue recognition under HKFRS
and license agreement (“the agreement”) in the                15, including management’s judgement, taking
development, manufacture and commercialization of             into consideration all of the relevant facts and
a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell drug. Revenue        circumstances when applying each step of the model
of License and collaboration arrangement amounted             to the agreement.
to US $51,606,000 was recognized in 2018, which
represents 22% of the total revenue.                          We reviewed management’s accounting treatment,
                                                              including management’s identification of deliverables
In addition, the Group applies, for the first time, HKFRS     within the agreement and evaluated management’s
15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers for the              judgement about whether the identified deliverables
current year’s financial statements.                          represent separate units of accounting under HKFRS
                                                              15. We reviewed the management’s estimation
There are significant management judgments and                of the variable consideration amount included in
estimations involved in identification of deliverables,       the total consideration. We reviewed allocation
allocation of total consideration to each deliverable         of total consideration to each deliverable and key
and assessing the respective recognition criteria. The        assumption used in the allocation method and
revenue recognition for the collaboration and license         respective recognition criteria for each deliverable.
agreement may have a material impact on the financial         On a sample basis, we examined deliveries during the
statements.                                                   year to documentation to assess whether the revenue
                                                              recognition criteria were met for control of goods or
The Group’s disclosure about accounting policies of           services is transferred to the customers at an amount
revenue recognition is included in Note 2.4 summary           that reflects the consideration to which the Group
of significant accounting policies and about revenue          expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
breakdown in Note 5 revenue, other income and gains           services.
of the financial statements.
                                                                 Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018              127
  Independent auditor’s report


  Other information included in the Annual Report
  The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
  information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
  report thereon.


  Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
  express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


  In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
  information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
  consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
  misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
  other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


  Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements
  The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
  give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
  the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
  enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
  due to fraud or error.


  In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing
  the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
  and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate
  the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


  The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
  overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


  Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
  statements
  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
  whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
  includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
  responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
  with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
  or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
  influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




128    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                               Independent auditor’s report


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
       due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
       evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
       a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
       involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
       that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
       effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
       estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
       on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
       that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that
       a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
       disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
       opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
       However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
       including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
       transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
       business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
       We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
       responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      129
  Independent auditor’s report


  From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
  significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
  key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
  disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
  be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
  outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


  The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is SIU FUNG TERENCE HO.


  Ernst & Young
  Certified Public Accountants
  Hong Kong
  22 March 2019




130    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2018



                                                      Notes               2018              2017
                                                                      US$’000           US$’000

REVENUE                                                 5              231,017          152,649


Cost of sales                                                          (72,478)          (48,058)
Gross profit                                                          158,539           104,591


Other income and gains                                  5               18,941             6,386
Selling and distribution expenses                                      (38,771)          (24,908)
Administrative expenses                                                (40,582)          (22,039)
Impairment losses on financial assets, net                                (977)                  –
Research and development expenses                                      (74,076)          (18,055)
Other expenses                                                            (121)            (7,415)
Finance costs                                           7                   (52)                 –
Share of losses of associates                                             (201)                 (39)
PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                       6               22,700            38,521


Income tax expense                                      10              (1,941)          (11,516)
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                     20,759            27,005

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                  21,216            26,123
  Non-controlling interests                                               (457)                 882
                                                                        20,759            27,005

EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                 11


  Basic                                                          US1.18 cents      US1.52 cents

  Diluted                                                        US1.15 cents      US1.51 cents




                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018          131
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
  Year ended 31 December 2018



                                                               Notes     2018       2017
                                                                       US$’000    US$’000

  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                   20,759     27,005

  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME


  Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
      profit or loss in subsequent periods:


  Exchange differences:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations            (13,498)    12,816
  Net other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be
      reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods             (13,498)    12,816
  Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified
      to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
      Equity investments designated at fair value through
     other comprehensive income:
     Changes in fair value                                                 (11)        –
     Income tax effect                                                      –          –
  Net other comprehensive loss that will not be reclassified
      to profit or loss in subsequent periods                              (11)        –
  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR THE YEAR,
      NET OF TAX                                                       (13,509)    12,816
  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                7,250     39,821

  Attributable to:
      Owners of the parent                                               8,471     38,603
      Non-controlling interests                                         (1,221)     1,218
                                                                         7,250     39,821




132      Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                             31 December 2018



                                                                 Notes               2018              2017
                                                                                 US$’000           US$’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                      13            158,013             80,508
Advance payments for property, plant and equipment                                  4,037             2,460
Prepaid land lease payments                                        14              17,414            10,189
Goodwill                                                           15              15,287             1,470
Other intangible assets                                            16              19,642             2,467
Investments in associates                                          17               2,924                  614
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              18               3,405                   –
Equity investments designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                       19               4,949                   –
Available-for-sale investments                                     19                   –             1,136
Deferred tax assets                                                29              11,842             7,525
Total non-current assets                                                          237,513          106,369
CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                        20              12,429             6,878
Trade and notes receivables                                        21              67,843          255,351
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                    22              21,889             8,329
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              18              70,056                   –
Available-for-sale investments                                     18                   –             3,088
Pledged short-term deposits                                        23              12,688                  392
Cash and cash equivalents                                          23            494,558           123,857
Total current assets                                                             679,463            397,895
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                           24              11,187             8,154
Other payables and accruals                                        25              73,944          251,925
Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                   26              10,502                   –
Tax payable                                                                        16,766            12,547
Contract liabilities                                               27              41,018                   –
Government grants                                                  28                  98                   90
Total current liabilities                                                        153,515           272,716
NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                               525,948            125,179
TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                            763,461           231,548




                                                        Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         133
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
  31 December 2018




                                                          Notes              2018      2017
                                                                       US$’000       US$’000

  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Contract liabilities                                     27          262,127            –
  Deferred tax liabilities                                 29                4,017      342
  Government grants                                        28                4,018     2,887
  Total non-current liabilities                                        270,162         3,229
  Net assets                                                           493,299       228,319

  EQUITY
  Equity attributable to owners of the parent
  Share capital                                            30                1,836     1,734
  Reserves                                                 33          476,828       216,075
                                                                       478,664       217,809
  Non-controlling interests                                             14,635        10,510
  Total equity                                                         493,299       228,319




                         Zhang Fangliang                          Wang Ye
                             Director                             Director




134    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2018



                                                                    Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                               Share    Statutory                             Exchange                      Non-
                                           Share       Share     Merger       option      surplus Fair value      Retained fluctuation                 controlling     Total
                                         capital premium*       reserve*    reserve*    reserves*     reserve* earnings*      reserve*        Total     interests     equity
                                        US$’000      US$’000    US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000
                                        (note 30)                           (note 31)

At 31 December 2017                        1,734     120,770     (20,883)     10,936       11,536           –       93,228        448       217,809        10,510    228,319
Effect of adoption of HKFRS 15                 –          –           –            –            –           –         933           –          933            167      1,100
At 1 January 2018 (restated) (Note 2)      1,734     120,770     (20,883)     10,936       11,536           –       94,161        488       218,742        10,677    229,419
Profit for the year                            –          –           –            –            –           –       21,216          –        21,216          (457)    20,759
Other comprehensive loss
    for the year:
    Change in fair value of equity
   investments designated at fair
   value through other
  comprehensive income,
   net of tax                                  –          –           –            –            –          (11)         –           –           (11)            –        (11)
    Exchange differences on
   translation of foreign operations           –          –           –            –            –           –           –      (12,734)     (12,734)         (764)   (13,498)
Total comprehensive income
    for the year                               –          –           –            –            –          (11)     21,216     (12,734)       8,471        (1,221)     7,250
Purchases of minority interests of
    the subsidiary                             –        (297)         –            –            –           –           –           –          (297)        4,221      3,924
Acquisition of equity by minority
    shareholders                               –        399           –            –            –           –           –           –          399              –       399
Equity-settled share option
    arrangements                               –          –           –        8,852            –           –           –           –         8,852             –      8,852
Exercise of share options                     33       3,479          –         (833)           –           –           –           –         2,679             –      2,679
Shares repurchased                             (6)   (11,469)         –            –            –           –           –           –       (11,475)            –    (11,475)
Acquisition of a subsidiary                    –          –           –            –            –           –           –           –            –            958       958
Transfer from retained profits                 –          –           –            –        2,823           –       (2,823)         –            –              –         –
Issue of shares under the share
    placing option                            75     251,218          –            –            –           –           –           –       251,293             –    251,293
At 31 December 2018                        1,836     364,100     (20,883)     18,955       14,359          (11)   112,554      (12,246)     478,664        14,635    493,299

*            These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of US $476,828,000 (For the year ended 31 December 2017:
             US$216,075,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                                 135
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
  Year ended 31 December 2018




                                                                 Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                            Share    Statutory                    Exchange                    Non-
                                        Share       Share     Merger       option      surplus    Retained fluctuation                   controlling      Total
                                       capital premium*      reserve*    reserve*     reserve* earnings*          reserve*       Total    interests     equity
                                      US$’000     US$’000    US$’000     US$’000      US$’000     US$’000         US$’000     US$’000     US$’000      US$’000
                                      (note 30)                          (note 31)

  At 1 January 2017                      1,692    118,051     (20,883)      9,469        9,247      72,029         (11,992)   177,613        6,408     184,021
  Profit for the year                        –         –            –           –            –      26,123               –     26,123          882      27,005
  Other comprehensive income for
      the period:
      Exchange differences on
     translation of foreign
    operations                               –         –            –           –            –               –      12,480     12,480          336      12,816
  Total comprehensive income
      for the year                           –         –            –           –            –      26,123          12,480     38,603        1,218      39,821
  Acquisition of equity by minority
      shareholders                           –     (1,463)          –           –            –               –           –     (1,463)       3,202       1,739
  Purchases of minority
      shareholders’ equity                   –        (55)          –           –            –               –           –        (55)         (318)      (373)
  Equity-settled share option
      arrangements                           –         –            –       2,811            –               –           –      2,811             –      2,811
  Exercise of share options                 42      4,237           –      (1,344)           –               –           –      2,935             –      2,935
  Dividend distribution                      –         –            –           –            –          (2,635)          –     (2,635)            –     (2,635)
  Transfer from retained profits             –         –            –           –        2,289          (2,289)          –          –             –          –
  At 31 December 2017                    1,734    120,770     (20,883)     10,936      11,536       93,228            448     217,809       10,510     228,319

  *          These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of US $216,075,000 (For the year ended 31 December 2016:
             US$175,921,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.




136        Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2018



                                                                       Notes               2018              2017
                                                                                       US$’000           US$’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                        22,700            38,521
Adjustments for:
Provision for the impairment of trade receivables and
  other receivables                                                                         977                  546
Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                        20                 388                  304
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            13              11,122             6,465
Amortisation of other intangible assets                                  16               1,582                  352
Amortisation of prepaid land lease payments                              14                 230                  183
Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment               6                   18                  260
Interest income                                                                         (10,004)             (857)
Investment income                                                                             –              (131)
Share of losses of associates                                                               201                   39
Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                                         (1,295)                  –
Finance costs                                                            7                   52                   –
Equity-settled share option expenses                                                      8,852             2,811
                                                                                         34,823            48,493


Decrease/(increase) in trade and notes receivables                                      211,809          (235,875)
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                              (6,101)           (5,296)
Increase in inventories                                                                  (5,402)           (2,945)
Decrease in government grants                                                              (320)                 (66)
Increase in trade and notes payables                                                      2,957             3,802
(Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals                                        (1,129)          11,374
Increase in contract liabilities                                                         68,993           207,222
Increase in pledged time deposits                                                       (12,296)             (190)
Cash generated from operations                                                         293,334             26,519


Interest received                                                                         4,017                  857
Income taxes paid                                                                        (1,939)           (6,008)
Net cash flows from operating activities                                               295,412             21,368




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018          137
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
  Year ended 31 December 2018




                                                                     Notes      2018        2017
                                                                             US$’000     US$’000

  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                         (70,839)   (29,215)
  Purchases of equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income                                       (4,960)         –
  Purchases of financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss/available-for-sale investments                           (70,036)    (4,224)
  Purchases of prepaid land lease payments                                     (8,104)     (2,173)
  Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                 –         134
  Purchases of intangible assets                                                 (666)      (583)
  Receipt of government grants                                                  1,594        505
  Receipt of investment income                                                   830         131
  Purchases of shareholdings in subsidiaries                                  (27,595)         –
  Purchases of investments in associates                                       (1,890)      (653)
  Others                                                                           –        (373)
  Net cash flows used in investing activities                                (181,666)   (36,451)
  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from issue of shares                                              251,293           –
  Purchases of non-controlling interest                                          (297)         –
  Acquisition of equity by non-controlling interest                            4,620       1,739
  Exercise of share options                                                    2,679       2,935
  Proceeds from bank loans                                                    10,502           –
  Interest paid                                                                   (49)         –
  Shares repurchased                                                          (11,475)         –
  Dividends paid                                                                   –      (2,635)
  Net cash flows from financing activities                                   257,273       2,039
  NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                       371,019     (13,044)
  Net foreign exchange differences                                               (318)       437
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                      23     123,857     136,464
  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                            23     494,558     123,857

  ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
  Cash and bank balances                                                     106,884      72,951
  Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of less than
      three months when acquired                                             387,674      50,906
  Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of
      financial position                                              23     494,558     123,857

  Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of
      cash flows                                                             494,558     123,857




138      Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                        31 December 2018



1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION
     Genscript Biotech Corporation (the “Company”) was incorporated on 21 May 2015 as an exempted
     company in the Cayman Islands with limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands.
     The registered office address of the Company is PO Box 10240, Harbour Place, 103 South Church Street,
     George Town, Grant Cayman KY1-1002, Cayman Islands.


     The Company is an investment holding company. The Company’s subsidiaries are principally engaged
     in the manufacture and sale of life sciences research products and services. The products and services
     mainly include life bio-science services and products, biologics development services, industrial synthetic
     biology products and cell therapy. The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 30 December 2015.


     In the opinion of the Directors, the ultimate holding company of the Company is GenScript Corporation
     (“GS Corp”), which was incorporated in the United States of America.


     Information about subsidiaries

     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                         Place and date of                     Issued Percentage of equity
                                         incorporation/registration   ordinary shares/ interest attributable
     Company                             and place of business         paid-up capital    to the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                           Direct   Indirect
                                                                                               %           %

     Genscript (Hong Kong) Limited       Hong Kong                               HK$           –        100    Sale of life sciences research
       (“GS HK”)                           8 January 2009                     155,000                            products and services


     Nanjing Jinsirui Biotechnology      Mainland China                          US$           –        100    Manufacture and sale of life
       Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Jinsirui”)      12 March 2009                   88,020,000                            sciences research products
                                                                                                                 and services


     Genscript USA Incorporated          United States of America                 US$        100           –   Manufacture and sale of life
       (“GS USA”)                          26 March 2009                        1,000                            sciences research products
                                                                                                                 and services


     Jinsikang Technology (Nanjing)      Mainland China                          RMB           –        100    Manufacture and sale of life
       Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Jinsikang”)     30 April 2009                  132,550,600                            sciences research products
                                                                                                                 and services


     Genscript Japan Inc. (“GS JP”)      Japan                                    JPY          –        100    Sale of life sciences research
                                           7 July 2011                      8,300,000                            products and services


     Nanjing Bestzyme Bioengineering     Mainland China                           US$          –       92.59   Manufacture and sale of life
       Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Bestzyme”)      6 June 2013                     30,577,712                            sciences research products
                                                                                                                 and services


                                                                           Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                     139
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  1.     CORPORATE INFORMATION (continued)
         Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                            Place and date of                     Issued Percentage of equity
                                            incorporation/registration   ordinary shares/ interest attributable
         Company                            and place of business         paid-up capital    to the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                              Direct   Indirect
                                                                                                  %           %
         Nanjing Legend Biotechnology       Mainland China                          US$           –       84.84   Manufacture and sale of life
          Co., Ltd. (“Legend Nanjing”)       17 November 2014                  2,500,000                           sciences research products
                                                                                                                   and services

         Shanghai Jingrui Biotechnology     Mainland China                          RMB           –        100    Manufacture and sale of life
           Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Jingrui”)    6 March 2015                      5,000,000                           sciences research products
                                                                                                                   and services

         Jinan Bestzyme Biological          Mainland China                          RMB           –       57.26   Manufacture and sale of life
           Engineering Co., Ltd.             19 August 2009                   38,888,341                           sciences research products
           (“Jinan Bestzyme”)                                                                                      and services

         Jiangsu Genscript Biotech          Mainland China                          RMB           –        100    Manufacture and sale of life
           Co., Ltd (“Jiangsu Jinsirui”)     31 August 2016                  324,632,500                           sciences research products
                                                                                                                   and services

         Legend Biotech USA                 United States of America                   –          –       84.84   Manufacture and sale of life
           Incorporated (“Legend USA”)        31 August 2017                                                       sciences research products
                                                                                                                   and services

         Legend Biotech Ireland Limited.    Ireland                                    –          –       84.84   Manufacture and sale of life
           (“Legend Ireland”)                  30 November 2017                                                    sciences research products
                                                                                                                   and services

         GenScript Biotech                  Netherlands                                –          –        100    Manufacture and sale of life
           (Netherlands) B.V. (“GS EU”)      6 December 2017                                                       sciences research products
                                                                                                                   and services

         CustomArray, Inc                   United States of America                US$           –        100    Manufacture and sale of life
           (“CustomArray”)                    1 January 2018                     957,800                           sciences research products
                                                                                                                   and services

         Anhui Precision Biotechnology      Mainland China                          RMB           –       62.22   Manufacture and sale of life
           Co., Ltd. (“Precision”)           31 July 2018                      5,294,200                           sciences research products
                                                                                                                   and services


         The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
         affected the results for the reporting period or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the
         Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
         the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

140    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2018




2.1   BASIS OF PREPARATION
      These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
      Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
      Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
      Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure
      requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost
      convention, except for wealth management products and equity investments which have been measured
      at fair value. These financial statements are presented in United States dollars (“US$”) and all values are
      rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.


      Basis of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
      subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2018. A subsidiary
      is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is
      achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
      investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights
      that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).


      The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company,
      using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which
      the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


      Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
      parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling
      interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash
      flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


      The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
      there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the
      ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


      If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill) and
      liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative
      translation differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received,
      (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The
      Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to
      profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had
      directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.




                                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018        141
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
         The Group has adopted the following new and revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s
         financial statements.


         Amendments to HKFRS 2                      Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment
                                                      Transactions
         Amendments to HKFRS 4                      Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with HKFRS 4
                                                      Insurance Contracts
         HKFRS 9                                    Financial Instruments
         HKFRS 15                                   Revenue from Contracts with Customers
         Amendments to HKFRS 15                     Clarifications to HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
                                                      Customers
         Amendments to HKAS 40                      Transfers of Investment Property
         HK(IFRIC)-Int 22                           Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
         Annual Improvements                        Amendments to HKFRS 1 and HKAS 28
           2014-2016 Cycle

         Except for HKFRS 15 and HKFRS 9, the adoption of the above revised standards has had no significant
         financial effect on these financial statements.


         HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

         HKFRS 15 and its amendments replace HKAS 11 Construction Contracts, HKAS 18 Revenue and
         related interpretations and it applies, with limited exceptions, to all revenue arising from contracts with
         customers. HKFRS 15 establishes a new five-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts
         with customers. Under HKFRS 15, revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration
         to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer.
         The principles in HKFRS 15 provide a more structured approach for measuring and recognising revenue.
         The standard also introduces extensive qualitative and quantitative disclosure requirements, including
         disaggregation of total revenue, information about performance obligations, changes in contract asset
         and liability account balances between periods and key judgements and estimates. The disclosures are
         included in notes 3 and 5 to the financial statements. As a result of the application of HKFRS 15, the
         Group has changed the accounting policy with respect to revenue recognition in note 2.4 to the financial
         statements.


         The Group has adopted HKFRS 15 using the modified retrospective method of adoption. Under this
         method, the standard can be applied either to all contracts at the date of initial application or only to
         contracts that are not completed at this date. The Group has elected to apply the standard to contracts
         that are not completed as at 1 January 2018.


         The cumulative effect of the initial application of HKFRS 15 was recognised as an adjustment to the
         opening balance of retained profits as at 1 January 2018. Therefore, the comparative information was not
         restated and continues to be reported under HKAS 11, HKAS 18 and related interpretations.




142     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2018




2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (continued)
      HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (continued)

      Set out below are the amounts by which each financial statement line item was affected as at 1 January
      2018 as a result of the adoption of HKFRS 15:


                                                                                                         Increase/
                                                                                          Notes         (decrease)
                                                                                                          US$’000
      Liabilities
      Contract liabilities                                                                 (ii)              (1,930)
      Tax payable                                                                          (iii)                830
      Total liabilities                                                                                      (1,100)
      Equity
      Retained earnings                                                                    (iii)                  933
      Non-controlling interests                                                            (iii)                  167
                                                                                                              1,100


      Set out below are the amounts by which each financial statement line item was affected as at 31
      December 2018 and for the year ended 31 December 2018 as a result of the adoption of HKFRS 15. The
      adoption of HKFRS 15 has had no impact on other comprehensive income or on the Group’s operating,
      investing and financing cash flows. The first column shows the amounts recorded under HKFRS 15 and
      the second column shows what the amounts would have been had HKFRS 15 not been adopted:


      Consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2018:


                                                                   Amounts prepared under
                                                                                        Previous         Increase/
                                                      Notes         HKFRS 15             HKFRS          (decrease)
                                                                     US$’000            US$’000           US$’000
      Revenue                                          (i)            231,017           222,142              8,875
      Gross profit                                                    158,539           149,664              8,875


      Profit before tax                                                 22,700            13,825             8,875
      Income tax (expense)/credit                      (iii)            (1,941)              261            (2,202)
      Profit for the year                                               20,759            14,086             6,673
      Attributable to:
        Owners of the parent                                            21,216            15,555             5,661
        Non-controlling interests                      (iii)              (457)            (1,469)           1,012
                                                                        20,759            14,086             6,673
      Earnings per share attributable to
        ordinary equity holders of the parent
        – Basic                                                  US1.18 cents      US0.87 cents      US0.31 cents
        – Diluted                                                US1.15 cents      US0.85 cents      US0.30 cents


                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         143
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (continued)
         HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (continued)

         Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018:


                                                                        Amounts prepared under
                                                                                        Previous      Increase/
                                                           Notes         HKFRS 15        HKFRS       (decrease)
                                                                          US$’000       US$’000        US$’000
         Contract liabilities                              (i), (ii)       303,145       312,020          (8,875)
         Tax payable                                         (iii)          16,766        14,564           2,202

         Total liabilities                                                423,677        430,350          (6,673)

         Net assets                                                       493,299        486,626          6,673

         Retained profits                                  (i), (iii)     112,554        106,892          5,662
         Non-controlling interests                           (iii)         14,635         13,624          1,011

         Total equity                                                     493,299        486,626          6,673


         The nature of the adjustments as at 1 January 2018 and the reasons for the significant changes in the
         statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018 and the statement of profit or loss for the year
         ended 31 December 2018 are described below:

         (i)    Variable consideration on service and products of cell therapy

                Legend Biotech USA Inc., Legend Biotech Ireland Limited, (together “Legend”) are subsidiaries of
                the Company. On 21 December 2017, Legend and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (“Janssen”), entered into
                a collaboration and license agreement (“the agreement”) in the development, manufacture and
                commercialization of a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell drug. After signing this agreement,
                Janssen needs to make a non-refundable upfront payment to Legend and agrees to make further
                subsequent payments based on various milestones including various clinical trial achievements
                and regulatory approvals.

                Before adopting HKFRS 15, the Group recognised revenue from the license and service measured
                at fair value of the consideration received or receivable. If revenue cannot be reliably measured,
                revenue recognition is deferred until the uncertainty is resolved. Upon adoption of HKFRS 15,
                a transaction price is considered variable if a customer is provided with milestone payments.
                The Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled in the sales of
                license and service and the estimated amount of variable consideration will be included in the
                transaction price only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the
                amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainty associated with
                the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The Group used the most likely amount
                method to estimate the milestone payment as this method better predicts the amount of variable
                consideration to which the Group will be entitled. Accordingly, an adjustment to increase revenue
                for milestone payment by US$0.9 million was recorded as an adjustment to the opening balance
                of retained earnings at 1 January 2018, with a corresponding increase in contract assets (decrease
                in contract liability).


144     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2018




2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (continued)
      HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (continued)

      (i)     Variable consideration on service and products of cell therapy (continued)

              As at 31 December 2018, the adoption of HKFRS 15 resulted in a decrease in contract liabilities
              by US$8,875,000 and there was a decrease in retained profits of US$5,662,000. Revenue was
              increased by US$8,875,000 for the year ended 31 December 2018.


      (ii)    Consideration received from customers in advance

              Before the adoption of HKFRS 15, the Group recognised consideration received from customers in
              advance as other payables. Under HKFRS 15, the amount is classified as contract liabilities.


              Therefore, upon adoption of HKFRS 15, the Group reclassified US$207,222,000 from other
              payables to contract liabilities as at 1 January 2018 in relation to the consideration received from
              customers in advance as at 1 January 2018.


              As at 31 December 2018, under HKFRS 15, US$303,145,000 was reclassified from other payables
              to contract liabilities in relation to the consideration received from customers in advance for the
              provision of collaboration services.


      (iii)   Other adjustments

              In addition to the adjustments described above, other items of the primary financial statements
              such as tax and non-controlling interests were adjusted as necessary. Retained profits were
              adjusted accordingly.


      HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments

      HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments replaces HKAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement
      for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018, bringing together all three aspects of the
      accounting for financial instruments: classification and measurement, impairment and hedge accounting.


      The Group has recognised the transition adjustments against the applicable opening balances in equity
      at 1 January 2018. Therefore, the comparative information was not restated and continues to be reported
      under HKAS 39.




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      145
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (continued)
         HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (continued)

         Classification and measurement

         The following information sets out the impacts of adopting HKFRS 9 on the statement of financial
         position, including the effect of replacing HKAS 39’s incurred credit loss calculations with HKFRS 9’s
         expected credit losses (“ECLs”).


         A reconciliation between the carrying amounts under HKAS 39 and the balances reported under HKFRS 9
         as at 1 January 2018 is as follows:


                                                                      HKAS 39                                                  HKFRS 9
                                                                    measurement              Re-                             measurement
                                                        Notes    Category   Amount classification       ECL       Other   Amount     Category
                                                                            US$’000      US$’000     US$’000    US$’000   US$’000

          Financial assets
          Equity investments designated at fair value
            through other                                                                                                                FVOCI1
            comprehensive income                                     N/A           –        1,136         –          –      1,136     (equity)
          From: Available-for-sale investments           (i)                                1,136         –          –
          Available-for-sale investments                            AFS2        4,224      (4,224)        –          –         –           N/A
          To: Equity investments designated at fair
             value through other comprehensive income    (i)                               (1,136)        –          –
          To: Financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss                              (ii)                              (3,088)        –          –
          Trade receivables                              (iii)      L&R3    256,962             –     (1,611)        –    255,351          AC4
          Financial assets included in prepayments,
            other receivables and other assets                       L&R        8,354           –        (25)        –      8,329           AC


          Financial assets at fair                                                                                                        FVPL
            value through profit or loss                           FVPL5           –        3,088         –          –      3,088 (mandatory)
          From: Available-for-sale investments           (ii)                               3,088         –          –
          Pledged deposits                                           L&R         392            –         –          –       392            AC
          Cash and cash equivalents                                  L&R    123,857             –         –          –    123,857           AC
                                                                            393,789             –     (1,636)        –    392,153

          Other assets
          Deferred tax assets                                                   7,525           –         –          –      7,525

          Total assets                                                      505,900             –     (1,636)        –    504,264




146     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                          31 December 2018




2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (continued)
      HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (continued)

      Classification and measurement (continued)

                                                       HKAS 39                                                              HKFRS 9
                                                    measurement                     Re-                                  measurement
                                                Category      Amount classification              ECL        Other     Amount Category
                                                              US$’000          US$’000       US$’000     US$’000     US$’000

      Financial liabilities
      Trade and bills payables                          AC       8,154                 –            –            –       8,154           AC
      Financial liabilities included in
             other payables and accruals                AC      22,086                 –            –            –     22,086            AC
                                                                30,240                 –            –            –     30,240

      Other liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities                                     342                 –            –            –         342

      Total liabilities                                       274,845                  –            –            –    274,845

      1
                  FVOCI: Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
      2
                  AFS: Available-for-sale investments
      3
                  L&R: Loans and receivables
      4
                  AC: Financial assets or financial liabilities at amortised cost
      5
                  FVPL: Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss


      Notes:

      (i)         The Group has elected the option to irrevocably designate certain of its previous available-for-sale equity investments as
                  equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.

      (ii)        The Group has classified its wealth management products previously classified as available-for-sale investments as financial
                  assets measured at fair value through profit or loss as these non-equity investments did not pass the contractual cash flow
                  characteristics test in HKFRS 9.

      (iii)       The gross carrying amounts of the trade receivables under the column “HKAS 39 measurement – Amount” represent the
                  amounts after adjustments for the adoption of HKFRS 15 but before the measurement of ECLs.




                                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                 147
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (continued)
         HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (continued)

         Impairment

         The adoption of the impairment accounting requirements HKFRS 9 has had no impact on the Group’s
         financial statements.


         Hedge accounting

         The adoption of the hedge accounting requirements of HKFRS 9 has had no impact on the Group’s
         financial statements.


         Impact on reserves and retained profits

         The adoption of HKFRS 9 has had no impact on the reserves and retained profits of Group’s financial
         statements as of 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018.


  2.3    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
         The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
         effective, in these financial statements.


         Amendments to HKFRS 3                             Definition of a Business2
         Amendments to HKFRS 9                             Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation1
         Amendments to HKFRS 10                            Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
             and HKAS 28 (2011)                               its Associate or Joint Venture4
         HKFRS 16                                          Leases1
         HKFRS 17                                          Insurance Contracts3
         Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8                   Definition of Material2
         Amendments to HKAS 19                             Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement1
         Amendments to HKAS 28                             Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures1
         HK(IFRIC)-Int 23                                  Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments1
         Annual Improvements                               Amendments to HKFRS 3, HKFRS 11, HKAS 12 and HKAS 231
             2015-2017 Cycle

         1
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019
         2
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020
         3
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
         4
                 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption




148     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2018




2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
      (continued)
      Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described
      below.


      HKFRS 16 replaces HKAS 17 Leases, HK(IFRIC)-4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease,
      HK(SIC)-15 Operating Leases – Incentives and HK(SIC)-27 Evaluating the Substance of Transactions
      Involving the Legal Form of a Lease. The standard sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement,
      presentation and disclosure of leases and requires lessees to recognise assets and liabilities for most
      leases. The standard includes two elective recognition exemptions for lessees – leases of low-value
      assets and short-term leases. At the commencement date of a lease, a lessee will recognise a liability to
      make lease payments (i.e., the lease liability) and an asset representing the right to use the underlying
      asset during the lease term (i.e., the right-of-use asset). The right-of-use asset is subsequently
      measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses unless the right-of-use
      asset meets the definition of investment property in HKAS 40, or relates to a class of property, plant and
      equipment to which the revaluation model is applied. The lease liability is subsequently increased to
      reflect the interest on the lease liability and reduced for the lease payments. Lessees will be required
      to separately recognise the interest expense on the lease liability and the depreciation expense on the
      right-of-use asset. Lessees will also be required to remeasure the lease liability upon the occurrence
      of certain events, such as change in the lease term and change in future lease payments resulting from
      a change in an index or rate used to determine those payments. Lessees will generally recognise the
      amount of the remeasurement of the lease liability as an adjustment to the right-of-use asset. Lessor
      accounting under HKFRS 16 is substantially unchanged from the accounting under HKAS 17. Lessors
      will continue to classify all leases using the same classification principle as in HKAS 17 and distinguish
      between operating leases and finance leases. HKFRS 16 requires lessees and lessors to make more
      extensive disclosures than under HKAS 17. Lessees can choose to apply the standard using either a full
      retrospective or a modified retrospective approach. The Group will adopt HKFRS 16 from 1 January 2019.
      The Group plans to adopt the transitional provisions in HKFRS 16 to recognise the cumulative effect of
      initial adoption as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at 1 January 2019 and will
      not restate the comparatives. In addition, the Group plans to apply the new requirements to contracts
      that were previously identified as leases applying HKAS 17 and measure the lease liability at the present
      value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate at the
      date of initial application. The right-of-use asset will be measured at the amount of the lease liability,
      adjusted by the amount of any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the lease recognised in the
      statement of financial position immediately before the date of initial application. The Group plans to use
      the exemptions allowed by the standard on lease contracts whose lease terms end within 12 months as
      of the date of initial application. During 2018, the Group has performed a detailed assessment on the
      impact of adoption of HKFRS 16. The Group has estimated that right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
      will be recognised at 1 January 2019.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     149
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         Investments in associates

         An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long-term interest of generally not less than 20% of
         the equity voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant
         influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is
         not control or joint control over those policies.


         The Group’s investments in associates are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at
         the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.


         Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist.


         The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates
         and joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other
         comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the
         equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in
         the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions
         between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the
         associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred.
         Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates is included as part of the Group’s investments in
         associates.


         When an investment in an associate is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in accordance with
         HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.


         Business combinations and goodwill

         Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
         is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of
         assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree
         and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business
         combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree that
         are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the
         event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All
         other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are
         expensed as incurred.


         When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for
         appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
         circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of
         embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.




150     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Business combinations and goodwill (continued)

      If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
      acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


      Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the
      acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with
      changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is
      not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.


      Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred,
      the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held
      equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the
      sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the
      difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.


      After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill
      is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
      the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31
      December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from
      the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating
      units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other
      assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.


      Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group
      of cash-generating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the
      cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment
      loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.


      Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part
      of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of
      is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal.
      Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation
      disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      151
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Fair value measurement

         The Group measures its investment properties, derivative financial instruments and equity investments
         at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell
         an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
         measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to
         sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability,
         or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The
         principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or
         a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset
         or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.


         A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
         generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
         market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


         The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient
         data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising
         the use of unobservable inputs.


         All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
         categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
         significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:


         Level 1     –   based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities


         Level 2     –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                         fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly


         Level 3     –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                         fair value measurement is unobservable

         For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
         Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing
         categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a
         whole) at the end of each reporting period.




152     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Impairment of non-financial assets

      Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required
      (other than inventories, construction contract assets, financial assets, investment properties and
      non-current assets/a disposal group classified as held for sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is
      estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in
      use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset
      does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of
      assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the
      asset belongs.


      An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount.
      In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
      pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
      specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in
      which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.


      An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that
      previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication
      exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset
      other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the
      recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have
      been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the
      asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in
      the period in which it arises.




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018        153
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Related parties

         A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


         (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


                (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


                (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


                (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


         or


         (b)    the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


                (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


                (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                         fellow subsidiary of the other entity);


                (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                         entity;


                (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                         Group or an entity related to the Group;


                (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


                (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                         management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


                (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                         personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




154     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

      Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost (or valuation)
      less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and
      equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its
      working condition and location for its intended use.


      Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as
      repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is
      incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection
      is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property,
      plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as
      individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.


      Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant
      and equipment over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as
      follows:


      Freehold land                                                                              Not depreciated
      Buildings                                                                                         2% to 5%
      Machinery and equipment                                                                      20% to 331/3%
      Motor vehicles                                                                                            10%
      Computer and office equipment                                                                20% to 331/3%


      Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item
      is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Useful lives
      and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year
      end.


      An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is
      derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.
      Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the
      asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
      relevant asset.


      Construction in progress represents equipment under installation, which is stated at cost less any
      impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction and
      capitalized borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction. Construction
      in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed
      and ready for use.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     155
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

         Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible
         assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives
         of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are
         subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is
         an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation
         method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.


         Intangible assets are amortised on the straight-line basis over the following useful economic lives:


         Software                                                                                           2 to 10 years
         Patents and licenses                                                                               5 to 10 years
         Customer relationship                                                                                  10 years


         Research and development costs

         All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.


         Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the
         Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be
         available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will
         generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to
         measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure which does
         not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


         Leases

         Leases that transfer substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of assets to the Group, other
         than legal title, are accounted for as finance leases. At the inception of a finance lease, the cost of the
         leased asset is capitalised at the present value of the minimum lease payments and recorded together
         with the obligation, excluding the interest element, to reflect the purchase and financing. Assets held
         under capitalised finance leases are included in property, plant and equipment, and depreciated over the
         shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets. The finance costs of such leases
         are charged to the statement of profit or loss so as to provide a constant periodic rate of charge over the
         lease terms.


         Assets acquired through hire purchase contracts of a financing nature are accounted for as finance
         leases, but are depreciated over their estimated useful lives.




156     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Leases (continued)

      Leases where substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of assets remain with the lessor
      are accounted for as operating leases. Where the Group is the lessee, rentals payable under operating
      leases net of any incentives received from the lessor are charged to the statement of profit or loss on the
      straight-line basis over the lease terms.


      Prepaid land lease payments under operating leases are initially stated at cost and subsequently
      recognised on the straight-line basis over the lease terms.


      Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018)

      Initial recognition and measurement

      Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair
      value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


      The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual
      cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade
      receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the
      practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially
      measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through
      profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component
      or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price
      determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition (applicable
      from 1 January 2018)” below.


      In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
      comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
      interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding.


      The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets
      in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from
      collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.


      All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date
      that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases
      or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
      regulation or convention in the marketplace.




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    157
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018)
         (continued)

         Subsequent measurement

         The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


         Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

         The Group measures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:


         •      The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in
                order to collect contractual cash flows.


         •      The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
                solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


         Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and
         are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the
         asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.


         Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

         The Group measures debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income if both of the
         following conditions are met:


         •      The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect
                contractual cash flows and selling.


         •      The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
                solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


         For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign
         exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss
         and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining
         fair value changes are recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative
         fair value change recognised in other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.




158     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018)
      (continued)

      Subsequent measurement (continued)

      Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)

      Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity
      investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the
      definition of equity under HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The
      classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.


      Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends
      are recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been
      established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group
      and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably, except when the Group benefits from such
      proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in
      other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
      income are not subject to impairment assessment.


      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial
      assets designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets
      mandatorily required to be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading
      if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term. Derivatives, including
      separated embedded derivatives, are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as
      effective hedging instruments. Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely payments of principal
      and interest are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business
      model. Notwithstanding the criteria for debt instruments to be classified at amortised cost or at fair
      value through other comprehensive income, as described above, debt instruments may be designated at
      fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if doing so eliminates, or significantly reduces, an
      accounting mismatch.


      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at
      fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


      This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not
      irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity
      investments classified as financial assets at fair value profit or loss are also recognised as other income
      in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the
      economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can
      be measured reliably.




                                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    159
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018)
         (continued)

         Subsequent measurement (continued)

         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)

         A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated
         from the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are
         not closely related to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative
         would meet the definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through
         profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in
         the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the
         contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification
         of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.


         A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
         separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in
         its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.


         Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before 1 January 2018)

         Initial recognition and measurement

         Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as financial assets at fair value through profit or
         loss, loans and receivables and available-for-sale financial investments, or as derivatives designated as
         hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate. When financial assets are recognised initially,
         they are measured at fair value plus transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the
         financial assets, except in the case of financial assets recorded at fair value through profit or loss.


         All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date
         that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases
         or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
         regulation or convention in the marketplace.


         Subsequent measurement

         The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading and financial
         assets designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets are
         classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of sale in the near term. Derivatives,
         including separated embedded derivatives, are also classified as held for trading unless they are
         designated as effective hedging instruments as defined by HKAS 39.




160     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before 1 January 2018)
      (continued)

      Subsequent measurement (continued)

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at
      fair value with positive net changes in fair value presented as other income and gains and negative net
      changes in fair value presented as finance costs in the statement of profit or loss. These net fair value
      changes do not include any dividends or interest earned on these financial assets, which are recognised
      in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition (applicable before 1 January 2018)”
      below.


      Financial assets designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated
      at the date of initial recognition and only if the criteria in HKAS 39 are satisfied.


      Derivatives embedded in host contracts are accounted for as separate derivatives and recorded at fair
      value if their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contracts
      and the host contracts are not held for trading or designated as at fair value through profit or loss. These
      embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the statement
      of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that
      significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial
      asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.


      Loans and receivables

      Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are
      not quoted in an active market. After initial measurement, such assets are subsequently measured at
      amortised cost using the effective interest rate method less any allowance for impairment. Amortised
      cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and includes fees or
      costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is
      included in other income and gains in the statement of profit or loss. The loss arising from impairment
      is recognised in the statement of profit or loss in finance costs for loans and in other expenses for
      receivables.




                                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    161
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before 1 January 2018)

         Available-for-sale investments

         Available-for-sale financial investments are non-derivative financial assets in listed and unlisted equity
         investments and debt securities. Equity investments classified as available for sale are those which are
         neither classified as held for trading nor designated as at fair value through profit or loss. Debt securities
         in this category are those which are intended to be held for an indefinite period of time and which may be
         sold in response to needs for liquidity or in response to changes in market conditions.


         After initial recognition, available-for-sale financial investments are subsequently measured at fair value,
         with unrealised gains or losses recognised as other comprehensive income in the available-for-sale
         investment revaluation reserve until the investment is derecognised, at which time the cumulative gain or
         loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss in other income, or until the investment is determined
         to be impaired, when the cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from the available-for-sale investment
         revaluation reserve to the statement of profit or loss in other gains or losses. Interest and dividends
         earned whilst holding the available-for-sale financial investments are reported as interest income and
         dividend income, respectively and are recognised in the statement of profit or loss as other income in
         accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition (applicable before 1 January 2018)” below.


         When the fair value of unlisted equity investments cannot be reliably measured because (a) the variability
         in the range of reasonable fair value estimates is significant for the investment, or (b) the probabilities of
         the various estimates within the range cannot be reasonably assessed and used in estimating fair value,
         such investments are stated at cost less any impairment losses.


         The Group evaluates whether the ability and intention to sell its available-for-sale financial assets in the
         near term are still appropriate. When, in rare circumstances, the Group is unable to trade these financial
         assets due to inactive markets, the Group may elect to reclassify these financial assets, if management
         has the ability and intention to hold the assets for the foreseeable future or until maturity.


         For a financial asset reclassified from the available-for-sale category, the fair value carrying amount at
         the date of reclassification becomes its new amortised cost and any previous gain or loss on that asset
         that has been recognised in equity is amortised to profit or loss over the remaining life of the investment
         using the effective interest rate. Any difference between the new amortised cost and the maturity
         amount is also amortised over the remaining life of the asset using the effective interest rate. If the asset
         is subsequently determined to be impaired, then the amount recorded in equity is reclassified to the
         statement of profit or loss.




162     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Derecognition of financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018 and policies
      under HKAS 39 applicable before 1 January 2018)

      A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
      assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
      position) when:


      •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


      •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
             obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
             “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks
             and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the
             risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


      When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a
      pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards
      of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks
      and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the
      transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also
      recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a
      basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.


      Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
      lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the
      Group could be required to repay.


      Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018)

      The Group recognises an allowance for ECLs for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit
      or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the
      contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the
      original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral
      held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018        163
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018) (continued)

         General approach

         ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
         increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default
         events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for
         which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is
         required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of
         the default (a lifetime ECL).


         At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
         increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the
         risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
         occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable
         and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and
         forward-looking information.


         The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due.
         However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or
         external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts
         in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written
         off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


         Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised
         cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following
         stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the
         simplified approach as detailed below.


         Stage 1     –    Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                          recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                          12-month ECLs


         Stage 2     –    Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                          recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss
                          allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


         Stage 3     –    Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not
                          purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured
                          at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




164     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018) (continued)

      Simplified approach

      For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when
      the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,
      the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group
      does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs
      at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical
      credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic
      environment.


      Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before 1 January 2018)

      The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence that a
      financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. An impairment exists if one or more events that
      occurred after the initial recognition of the asset have an impact on the estimated future cash flows of
      the financial asset or the group of financial assets that can be reliably estimated. Evidence of impairment
      may include indications that the debtors or a group of debtors is experiencing significant financial
      difficulty, default or delinquency in interest or principal payments, the probability that they will enter
      bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation and observable data indicating that there is a measurable
      decrease in the estimated future cash flows, such as changes in arrears or economic conditions that
      correlate with defaults.


      Financial assets carried at amortised cost

      For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the Group first assesses whether impairment exists
      individually for financial assets that are individually significant, or collectively for financial assets that
      are not individually significant. If the Group determines that no objective evidence of impairment exists
      for an individually assessed financial asset, whether significant or not, it includes the asset in a group of
      financial assets with similar credit risk characteristics and collectively assesses them for impairment.
      Assets that are individually assessed for impairment and for which an impairment loss is, or continues to
      be, recognised are not included in a collective assessment of impairment.


      The amount of any impairment loss identified is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying
      amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding future credit losses that have
      not yet been incurred). The present value of the estimated future cash flows is discounted at the financial
      asset’s original effective interest rate (i.e., the effective interest rate computed at initial recognition).




                                                                 Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     165
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before 1 January 2018) (continued)

         Financial assets carried at amortised cost (continued)

         The carrying amount of the asset is reduced through the use of an allowance account and the loss is
         recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Interest income continues to be accrued on the reduced
         carrying amount using the rate of interest used to discount the future cash flows for the purpose of
         measuring the impairment loss. Loans and receivables together with any associated allowance are
         written off when there is no realistic prospect of future recovery and all collateral has been realised or
         has been transferred to the Group.


         If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the estimated impairment loss increases or decreases because
         of an event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is
         increased or reduced by adjusting the allowance account. If a write-off is later recovered, the recovery is
         credited to administrative expenses in the statement of profit or loss.


         Available-for-sale investments

         For available-for-sale financial investments, the Group assesses at the end of each reporting period
         whether there is objective evidence that an investment or a group of investments is impaired.


         If an available-for-sale asset is impaired, an amount comprising the difference between its cost (net of
         any principal payment and amortisation) and its current fair value, less any impairment loss previously
         recognised in the statement of profit or loss, is removed from other comprehensive income and
         recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


         In the case of equity investments classified as available for sale, objective evidence would include a
         significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of an investment below its cost. “Significant” is evaluated
         against the original cost of the investment and “prolonged” against the period in which the fair value has
         been below its original cost. Where there is evidence of impairment, the cumulative loss – measured
         as the difference between the acquisition cost and the current fair value, less any impairment loss
         on that investment previously recognised in the statement of profit or loss – is removed from other
         comprehensive income and recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Impairment losses on equity
         investments classified as available for sale are not reversed through the statement of profit or loss.
         Increases in their fair value after impairment are recognised directly in other comprehensive income.


         The determination of what is “significant” or “prolonged” requires judgement. In making this judgement,
         the Group evaluates, among other factors, the duration or extent to which the fair value of an investment
         is less than its cost.




166     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before 1 January 2018) (continued)

      Available-for-sale investments (continued)

      In the case of debt instruments classified as available for sale, impairment is assessed based on the
      same criteria as financial assets carried at amortised cost. However, the amount recorded for impairment
      is the cumulative loss measured as the difference between the amortised cost and the current fair value,
      less any impairment loss on that investment previously recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
      Future interest income continues to be accrued based on the reduced carrying amount of the asset using
      the rate of interest used to discount the future cash flows for the purpose of measuring the impairment
      loss. The interest income is recorded as part of finance income. Impairment losses on debt instruments
      are reversed through the statement of profit or loss if the subsequent increase in fair value of the
      instruments can be objectively related to an event occurring after the impairment loss was recognised in
      the statement of profit or loss.


      Financial liabilities (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018 and HKAS 39 applicable
      before 1 January 2018)

      Initial recognition and measurement

      Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as loans and borrowings.


      All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings, net of
      directly attributable transaction costs.


      The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, amounts due to the ultimate holding
      company and related parties and interest-bearing bank borrowings.


      Subsequent measurement

      The subsequent measurement of loans and borrowings is as follows:


      Loans and borrowings

      After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised
      cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in
      which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss
      when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.


      Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or
      costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is
      included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.




                                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018          167
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Derecognition of financial liabilities (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018 and HKAS 39
         applicable before 1 January 2018)

         A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
         expires.


         When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
         terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is
         treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference
         between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


         Offsetting of financial instruments (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from 1 January 2018 and HKAS 39
         applicable before 1 January 2018)

         Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of
         financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there
         is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.


         Inventories

         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the first-in,
         first-out basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct
         labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling
         prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.


         Cash and cash equivalents

         For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash
         on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into
         known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity
         of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand
         and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.


         For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise
         cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not
         restricted as to use.


         Provisions

         A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a
         past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation,
         provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.


         When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at
         the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation.
         The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in
         finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.


168     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Income tax

      Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or
      loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


      Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
      to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
      enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices
      prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.


      Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the
      reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial
      reporting purposes.


      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


      •      where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability
             in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
             neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and


      •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, when the
             timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the
             temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


      Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carryforward of unused
      tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable
      that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, the carryforward
      of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


      •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial
             recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the
             time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and


      •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
             deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
             differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which
             the temporary differences can be utilised.


      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
      the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of
      the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each
      reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable
      profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.




                                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018          169
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Income tax (continued)

         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period
         when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been
         enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period.


         Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable
         right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax
         liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity
         or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis,
         or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant
         amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.


         Government grants

         Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant
         will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense
         item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, which it is intended
         to compensate, are expensed.


         Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is
         released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal
         annual instalments or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement of
         profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.


         Revenue recognition (applicable from 1 January 2018)

         Revenue from contracts with customers

         Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to
         the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in
         exchange for those goods or services.


         When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
         estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the
         customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly
         probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not
         occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.




170     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Revenue recognition (applicable from 1 January 2018) (continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

      When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer a significant benefit of
      financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured
      at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected
      in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When
      the contract contains a financing component which provides the Group a significant financial benefit
      for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted
      on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between
      the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the
      transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical
      expedient in HKFRS 15.


      (a)   License and collaboration revenue

            The Group enters into license and collaboration agreements for research, development,
            manufacturing and commercialisation services. The terms of these arrangements typically include
            payments to the Group of one or more of the following: non-refundable upfront fees, milestone
            payments for development and regulatory application and royalties on net sales of licensed
            products. Milestone payment is variable consideration which is constrained until it is probable
            that the revenue is not at a significant risk of reversal in a future period when the uncertainty
            resolved. The contracts into which the Group enters generally do not include significant financing
            components.


            As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the Group must use significant judgement to
            determine: (a) the performance obligations; (b) the transaction price; and (c) the timing of revenue
            recognition, including the appropriate measure of progress.


            At contract inception, the Group assesses the goods or services promised within each contract and
            determines those that are performance obligations, and assesses whether each promised good or
            service is distinct.


            The Group uses judgement to determine whether milestones or other variable consideration,
            except for royalties, should be included in the transaction price. The transaction price is allocated
            to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, for which the Group
            recognises revenue as or when the performance obligations under the contract are satisfied. If
            a milestone or other variable consideration relates specifically to the Group’s efforts to satisfy a
            single performance obligation or to a specific outcome from satisfying the performance obligation,
            the Group generally allocates that milestone amount entirely to that performance obligation once
            it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    171
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Revenue recognition (applicable from 1 January 2018) (continued)

         Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

         (a)    License and collaboration revenue (continued)

                The Group recognises revenue only when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring
                control of the promised goods or services. The transfer of control can occur over time or at a point
                in time. A performance obligation is satisfied over time if it meets one of the following criteria.


                •      The counterparty simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                       Group’s performance as the Group performs.


                •      The Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the counterparty controls as
                       the asset is created or enhanced.


                •      The Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
                       the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.


                The portion of the transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations satisfied at a
                point in time is recognised as revenue when control of the goods or services is transferred to the
                counterparty. If the performance obligation is satisfied over time, the portion of the transaction
                price allocated to that performance obligation is recognised as revenue as the performance
                obligation is satisfied. The Group adopts an appropriate method of measuring progress for
                purposes of recognising revenue. The Group evaluates the measure of progress at the end of
                each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related revenue
                recognition.


                Upfront fees

                Upfront payment is initially deferred since partially goods or services have yet been provided.
                The Group determines that the upfront payment constitutes the entirety of the consideration to
                be included in the transaction price as of the outset of the collaboration agreement and to be
                allocated to the performance obligations based on the Group’s best estimate of their relative
                stand-alone selling prices. The upfront payment is recognised as revenue when the performance
                obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time.




172     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Revenue recognition (applicable from 1 January 2018) (continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

      (a)   License and collaboration revenue (continued)

            Milestone payments

            At the inception of each arrangement that includes milestone payments, the Group evaluates
            whether the milestones are considered probable of being achieved and estimates the amount to
            be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that
            a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would not occur, the associated milestone value
            is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within the control of the
            Group, such as regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of being achieved until those
            approvals are received. The Group evaluates factors such as the scientific, clinical, regulatory,
            commercial, and other risks that must be overcome to achieve the particular milestone in making
            this assessment. There is considerable judgement involved in determining whether it is probable
            that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would not occur. At the end of each subsequent
            reporting period, the Group re-evaluates the probability of achievement of all milestones subject
            to constraint and, if necessary, adjusts its estimate of the overall transaction price. The milestone
            payments were recognised as revenue when the performance obligation was satisfied over time.


            Licenses of intellectual property

            In assessing whether a license is distinct from the other promises, the Group considers factors
            such as the research, development, manufacturing and commercialisation capabilities of the
            collaboration partner and the availability of the associated expertise in the general marketplace. In
            addition, the Group considers whether the counterparty can benefit from a license for its intended
            purpose without the receipt of the remaining promise(s) by considering whether the value of the
            license is dependent on the unsatisfied promise(s), whether there are other vendors that could
            provide the remaining promise(s), and whether it is separately identifiable from the remaining
            promise(s). For licenses that are combined with other promises, the Group utilises judgement to
            assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined
            performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate
            method of measuring progress for purposes of recognising revenue.


            Royalties

            A sales-based royalty promised in exchange for a license of intellectual property is recognised as
            revenue only when (or as) the later of the following events occurs: (a) the subsequent sale occurs;
            and (b) the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based royalty has been
            allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).


            The Group presents a contract liability or a contract asset in its consolidated statement of
            financial position when either party to the contract has performed. The Group performs by
            transferring goods or services to the collaboration partner, and the collaboration partner performs
            by paying consideration to the Group.


            Any unconditional rights to consideration are presented separately as trade receivables.


                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    173
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Revenue recognition (applicable from 1 January 2018) (continued)

         Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

         (b)    Rendering of services

                Revenue from the rendering of services is recognised at the point in time when completion of
                services, generally on uploading the reports.


         (c)    Sale of goods

                Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
                transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the goods.


         Revenue from other sources

         Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms.


         Other income

         Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the
         rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial
         instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


         Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
         probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount
         of the dividend can be measured reliably.


         Revenue recognition (applicable before 1 January 2018)

         Revenue is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and when the
         revenue can be measured reliably, on the following bases:


         (a)    from the rendering of services, when the services have been rendered and it is probable that the
                economic benefits will flow to the Group and the relevant fees can be measured reliably;


         (b)    from the sale of goods, when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred
                to the buyer, provided that the Group maintains neither managerial involvement to the degree
                usually associated with ownership, nor effective control over the goods sold;


         (c)    interest income, on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate
                that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial
                instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset;
                and


         (d)    dividend income, when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established.




174     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Contract assets (applicable from 1 January 2018)

      A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the
      customer. If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays
      consideration or before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that
      is conditional.


      Contract liabilities (applicable from 1 January 2018)

      A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
      received a consideration (or an amount of consideration that is due) from the customer. If a customer
      pays the consideration before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is
      recognised when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are
      recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract.


      Share-based payments

      The Company operates a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to
      eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including
      directors) of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees
      render services as consideration for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).


      The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the
      date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using a binomial model,
      further details of which are given in note 31 to the financial statements.


      The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in equity,
      over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefit
      expense. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting
      period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s
      best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the
      statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as
      at the beginning and end of that period.


      Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the
      grant date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the
      Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance
      conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but
      without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting
      conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award
      unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018       175
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Share-based payments (continued)

         For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions
         have not been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition,
         the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is
         satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.


         Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if
         the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is
         recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is
         otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.


         Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation,
         and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This includes any award
         where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met. However,
         if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement award on the
         date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the
         original award, as described in the previous paragraph.


         The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of
         earnings per share.


         Other employee benefits

         Pension schemes

         The Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the countries in which
         it has operations.


         The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in
         a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are required to
         contribute 20% of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to the
         statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension
         scheme.


         The non-PRC employees are covered by other defined contribution pension plans sponsored by the
         respective local governments.




176     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2018




2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Borrowing costs

      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
      i.e., assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
      are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases
      when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the
      temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted
      from the borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they
      are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with
      the borrowing of funds.


      Dividends

      Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
      meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.


      Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum
      and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently,
      interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.


      Foreign currencies

      These financial statements are presented in United States dollars, which is the Company’s functional
      currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the
      financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency
      transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional
      currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated
      in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the
      reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the
      statement of profit or loss.


      Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of
      profit or loss with the exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s
      net investment of a foreign operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net
      investment is disposed of, at which time the cumulative amount is reclassified to the statement of profit
      or loss. Tax charges and credits attributable to exchange differences on those monetary items are also
      recorded in other comprehensive income.


      Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
      using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair
      value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was
      determined. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is
      treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation
      difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit
      or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).



                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018     177
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
         Foreign currencies (continued)

         In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
         derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the
         date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or
         non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts
         in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance
         consideration.


         The functional currencies of certain PRC, Japan and Europe established subsidiaries are currencies
         other than the United States dollar. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of
         these entities are translated into United States dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the
         reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into United States dollars at the
         weighted average exchange rates for the year.


         The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
         in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other
         comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of
         profit or loss.


         For the purpose of the consolidated statements of cash flows, the cash flows of the PRC, Japan and
         Europe established subsidiaries are translated into United States dollars at the exchange rates ruling at
         the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of the PRC and Japan established companies
         which arise throughout the year are translated into United States dollars at the weighted average
         exchange rates for the year.


  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
         The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
         estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and
         liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty
         about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material
         adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


         Judgement

         In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following
         judgement, apart from those involving estimations, which has the most significant effect on the amounts
         recognised in the financial statements:




178     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
     Judgement (continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers

     The Group applied the following judgements that significantly affect the determination of the
     performance obligations, variable consideration, allocation of the consideration and timing of revenue
     from contracts with customers:


     (i)    Determining the performance of obligations of the contract

            The Group analyses agreements with more than one element, or deliverable. The Group identifies
            the deliverables within the agreement and evaluates which deliverables represent separate
            units of accounting. Analysing the agreements to identify deliverables requires the use of
            judgement. A deliverable is considered a separate unit of accounting when deliverable has value
            to the collaborator on a standalone basis based on the consideration of the relevant facts and
            circumstances for each agreement. In assessing whether an item has standalone value, the Group
            considers factors such as the research, manufacturing, and commercialisation capabilities of the
            collaboration partner and the availability of the associated expertise in the general marketplace.
            In addition, the Group considers whether the other deliverables can be used for their intended
            purpose without the receipt of the remaining elements, whether the value of the deliverable is
            dependent on the undelivered items and whether there are other vendors that can provide the
            undelivered elements.


     (ii)   Determining the method to estimate variable consideration, allocation of the consideration and
            timing of revenue recognition

            Consideration is allocated at the inception of the agreement to all identified units of accounting
            based on their standalone selling price. The standalone selling price for each deliverable is
            estimated using objective evidence if it is available. If objective evidence is not available, the
            Group uses the best estimate of the selling price for the deliverable. The Group recognises the
            revenue allocated to each unit of accounting over the period of performance or at a point in time.
            Revenue is recognised using either a proportional performance or straight-line method, depending
            on whether the Group can reasonably estimate the level of effort required to complete the
            performance obligations under an arrangement. The license and collaboration revenue for the year
            ended 31 December 2018 was US$51,606,000 (2017: US$18,348,000).




                                                           Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      179
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
         Estimation uncertainty

         The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end
         of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
         amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.


         Impairment of goodwill

         The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an
         estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating
         the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the
         cash-generating units and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value
         of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2018 was US$15,287,000 (2017:
         US$1,470,000).


         Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

         The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based
         on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by
         geography, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of
         credit insurance).


         The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will
         calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For
         instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic products) are expected to deteriorate over
         the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the life science sector, the historical
         default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and
         changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.


         The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions
         and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and
         forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic
         conditions may also not be representative of customer’s actual default in the future. The information
         about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 21 to the financial statements.




180    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (continued)

     Deferred tax assets

     Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the
     extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the losses and deductible
     temporary differences can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the
     amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future
     taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The outcome of their actual utilisation
     may be different. The carrying value of deferred tax assets relating to recognised deductible temporary
     differences at 31 December 2018 was US$11,842,000 (2017: US$7,525,000). The amount of unrecognised
     tax losses at 31 December 2018 was US$9,661,000 (2017: US$1,817,000). Further details are contained in
     note 29 to the financial statements.


     Net realisable value of inventories

     Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less
     estimated selling expenses. These estimates are based on the current market condition and the historical
     experience of selling products of similar nature. It could change significantly as a result of changes in
     market conditions. Management reassesses these estimates at each reporting date. At 31 December
     2018, the net carrying value of inventories was US$12,429,000 (2017: US$6,878,000).


     Share-based compensation

     The fair value of most share options granted by the Group is estimated using the binomial model. The
     use of a valuation model requires management to make certain assumptions with respect to selected
     model inputs. Management estimates expected volatility based on the historical volatility of the stock of
     comparable companies. Expiration date is the basis for determining the expected life of an option. The
     risk-free interest rate is based on treasury yield curve rates with a remaining term which approximates to
     the expected life assumed at the date of grant. Changes in these input variables would affect the amount
     of expense associated with share-based compensation. The compensation expense recognised for all
     share-based awards is net of estimated forfeitures. The Company estimates forfeiture rates based on
     historical analysis of option forfeitures. If actual forfeitures vary from estimated forfeitures, adjustments
     to compensation expense may be required. For the year ended 31 December 2018, the equity-settled
     share option expense was US$8,852,000 (2017: US$$2,811,000).




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    181
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  4.     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
         In light of the increase in size of the Group’s biologics development services segment business, a new
         segment has been added from 1 January 2018 onwards, the segment information previously presented
         under “Bio-science services and products segment”. Both in the internal management reports adopted
         by the chief operating decision-makers, and in the consolidated financial statements of the Group. The
         comparative figures have also been reclassified to conform to the new presentation. The above changes
         in segment information were taken to better reflect the current operations of the Group, as well as the
         resource allocation and future business developments of the Group.


         For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and
         services and has four reportable operating segments as follows:


         (a)    The bio-science services and products segment provides comprehensive research services in five
                key categories, namely, gene synthesis and molecular cloning, oligonucleotide synthesis, protein
                production, peptide synthesis, and antibody development. These services and associated products
                are widely used and are fundamental to life sciences research and application, such as basic
                biology studies, disease and pharmaceutical research, drug discovery, agriculture, environmental
                studies, and the food industry. Under the life sciences research catalog products sub-segment,
                it provides pre-packaged, ready-to-use, and off-the-shelf products. Under the preclinical drug
                development services sub-segment, it provides integrated contract research services in the key
                category, namely, protein engineering;


         (b)    The biologics development services segment provides comprehensive services in five key
                categories, namely, antibody drug discovery, antibody drug pre-clinical development, antibody drug
                clinical development, plasmid and virus pre-clinical development, and plasmid & virus clinical
                development. These services and associated products are aimed to help biopharmaceutical
                and biotech companies accelerate the development of therapeutic antibodies, and gene/cell
                therapy products with an integrated platform from the beginning of drug discovery stage down to
                pre-clinical development stage and clinical development stage;


         (c)    The industrial synthetic biology products segment, comprising the construction of non-pathogenic
                microbial strains and industrial enzyme development and production;


         (d)    The cell therapy was initially generated from the Company’s proprietary antibody development
                platform. It discovers and develops the innovative therapies for the treatment of liquid tumor
                through optimised CAR structures and the development of bispecific CAR-T therapies.


         Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of
         making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is
         evaluated based on reportable segment profit or loss, which is a measure of segment revenue less
         segment cost of sales.


         No analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by operating segments is disclosed as it is not regularly
         provided to the chief operating decision maker for review.




182    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              31 December 2018




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
                                                                       Industrial
                                         Bio-science     Biologics     synthetic
                                         services and development        biology           Cell
     Year ended 31 December 2018            products      services     products        therapy          Total
                                            US$’000       US$’000       US$’000       US$’000        US$’000

     Segment revenue (Note 5)
     External customers                      141,026       20,655         17,730        51,606       231,017
     Segment cost of sales
     External customers                       45,437        11,826        15,215             –        72,478
     Segment results                          95,589         8,829         2,515        51,606       158,539
     Other income and gains                                                                           18,941
     Selling and distribution expenses                                                                (38,771)
     Administrative expenses                                                                          (40,582)
     Impairment losses on financial
       assets, net                                                                                          (977)
     Research and development expenses                                                                (74,076)
     Other expenses                                                                                         (121)
     Finance costs                                                                                           (52)
     Share of losses of associates                                                                          (201)
     Profit before tax                                                                                22,700


                                                                       Industrial
                                         Bio-science     Biologics     synthetic
                                         services and development        biology           Cell
     Year ended 31 December 2017            products      services      products       therapy          Total
                                            US$’000       US$’000       US$’000       US$’000        US$’000

     Segment revenue (Note 5)
     External customers                      109,216       13,296         11,789        18,348       152,649
     Segment cost of sales
     External customers                       32,477         7,032         8,549             –        48,058
     Segment results                          76,739         6,264         3,240        18,348       104,591
     Other income and gains                                                                             6,386
     Selling and distribution expenses                                                                (24,908)
     Administrative expenses                                                                          (22,039)
     Research and development expenses                                                                (18,055)
     Other expenses                                                                                    (7,415)
     Share of losses of associates                                                                           (39)
     Profit before tax                                                                                38,521




                                                         Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018           183
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  4.     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
         Geographic information

         (a)    Revenue from external customers

                                                                                            2018          2017
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000

                North America                                                         132,681           85,834
                Europe                                                                  18,456           20,153
                China                                                                   48,001          30,810
                Asia Pacific (excluding China and Japan)                                12,916            7,797
                Japan                                                                       4,437         4,634
                Others                                                                  14,526            3,421
                Total                                                                  231,017         152,649


                The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


         (b)    Non-current assets

                                                                                            2018          2017
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000

                China                                                                 142,435            97,878
                Other countries                                                         83,236             966
                Total                                                                 225,671           98,844


                The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of assets and excludes deferred
                tax assets.


         Information about major customer

         Revenue of approximately US$51,606,000 (2017: US$18,348,000) was derived from sales by the cell
         therapy segment to a single customer.




184    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2018




5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
     An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                         US$’000         US$’000

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     Rendering of services                                                               150,500          115,289
     Sale of goods                                                                        28,911           19,012
     License and collaboration revenue                                                    51,606           18,348
                                                                                         231,017          152,649


     Revenue from contracts with customers

     (i)    Disaggregated revenue information

            For the year ended 31 December 2018


                                                                            Industrial
                                              Bio-science     Biologics     synthetic
                                              services and development        biology
            Segment                              products      services     products     Cell therapy        Total
                                                 US$’000       US$’000       US$’000        US$’000       US$’000

            Type of goods or services
            Rendering of services                 129,834       20,655             11              –      150,500
            Sale of goods                          11,192             –        17,719              –        28,911
            License and collaboration
              revenue                                  –              –             –         51,606        51,606
            Total revenue from contracts
              with customers                      141,026       20,655         17,730         51,606       231,017
            Timing of revenue recognition
            Goods transferred at a point
              in time                              11,192             –        17,719              –        28,911
            Services transferred at a point
              in time                             129,834       20,655             11              –      150,500
            Licenses transferred at a point
              in time                                  –              –             –         10,500        10,500
            Services transferred over time             –              –             –         41,106        41,106
            Total revenue from contracts
              with customers                      141,026       20,655         17,730         51,606       231,017




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018       185
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  5.     REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (continued)
         Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

         (i)    Disaggregated revenue information (continued)

                The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that
                were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised
                from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods:


                                                                                                             2018
                                                                                                          US$’000

                Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
                     at the beginning of the reporting period:
                     License and collaboration revenue                                                     28,685


                There is no revenue recognised from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods.


         (ii)   Performance obligations

                Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


                Rendering of services

                The performance obligation is satisfied upon the services are rendered and payment is generally
                due upon completion of services and customer acceptance, except for new customers, where
                payment in advance is normally required.


                Sale of goods

                The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the goods and payment is generally
                due within 30 to 90 days from delivery, except for new customers, where payment in advance is
                normally required.


                Licensing of intellectual property

                The performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of the promised licensing of
                intellectual property. The transfer of control of license can occur at a point in time.




186    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                31 December 2018




5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (continued)
     Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

     (ii)   Performance obligations (continued)

            The transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
            unsatisfied) as at 31 December 2018 are as follows:


                                                                                                          2018
                                                                                                      US$’000

            Within one year                                                                             41,018
            More than one year                                                                        262,127
                                                                                                       303,154


            The remaining performance obligations are related to license and collaboration revenue. The
            amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.


                                                                                        2018              2017
                                                                                    US$’000           US$’000

            Other income and gains
            Foreign currency exchange gain, net                                        3,959                   –
            Government grants                                                          3,598             4,272
            Debt relief                                                                    –             1,058
            Bank interest income                                                      10,004                  857
            Investment income                                                              –                  131
            Fair value gains on financial assets at
              fair value change through profit or loss                                 1,295                   –
            Others                                                                        85                   68
                                                                                      18,941             6,386




                                                           Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         187
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  6.     PROFIT BEFORE TAX
         The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                                   2018                  2017
                                                                                           Notes              US$’000                US$’000

         Cost of inventories sold                                                                                 6,726                 2,655
         Cost of services provided                                                                               36,148                20,487
         Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment                              12                  11,122                 6,465
         Amortisation of other intangible assets *                                           16                   1,582                    352
         Amortisation of prepaid land lease payments                                         14                      230                   183
         Impairment of financial assets, net:
             Impairment of trade receivables                                                 20                      968                   546
             Impairment of financial assets included in prepayments,
            other receivables and other assets                                               21                         9                     –
         Minimum lease payments under operating leases:
             Land and buildings                                                                                   1,655                  1,767
         Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                      505                   374


         Employee benefit expense (excluding directors’ remuneration):
         Wages and salaries                                                                                      75,160                43,340
         Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution
             schemes)                                                                                             8,912                 3,256
         Equity-settled share option expense                                                                      8,652                  2,774
                                                                                                                 92,724                49,370

         Research and development costs (excluding employee
             benefit expense)                                                                                    57,821                13,573
         Foreign currency exchange (gain)/loss                                                                   (3,959)                 7,338
         Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                                   18                   260
         Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                                                           388                   304

         *       The amortisation of other intangible assets for the year is included in “Administrative expenses” on the face of the consolidated
                 statement of profit or loss.


  7.     FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                                   2018                  2017
                                                                                                              US$’000                US$’000

         Interest on bank loans                                                                                       52                      –




188    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           31 December 2018




8.   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
     Directors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and
     (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about
     Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                                   2018              2017
                                                                                               US$’000           US$’000

     Fee                                                                                            127                  128

     Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                    877                  894
       Performance related bonuses                                                                   31                   31
       Equity-settled share option expense                                                          200                   37
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                  14                   12
                                                                                                  1,122                  974
                                                                                                  1,249             1,102


     (a)    Independent non-executive directors

            The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:


                                                                                                   2018              2017
                                                                                               US$’000           US$’000

            Mr. Guo Hongxin                                                                          31                   32
            Mr. Dai Zumian                                                                           31                   32
            Ms. Zhang Min1                                                                           28                   32
            Mr. Pan Jiu’an                                                                             3                  –
                                                                                                     93                   96

            1
                   Ms. Zhang Min has retired from 26 November 2018.


            The equity-settled share option expense of independent non-executive directors during the year
            was as follows:


                                                                                                   2018              2017
                                                                                               US$’000           US$’000

            Mr. Guo Hongxin                                                                          59                   –
            Mr. Dai Zumian                                                                           59                   –
                                                                                                    118                   –


            There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the
            year (2017: Nil).




                                                                      Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         189
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  8.     DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION (continued)
         (b)    Executive directors and non-executive directors


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances     Performance Equity-settled            Pension
                                                                and benefits          related    share option         scheme             Total
                                                       Fees         in kind*        bonuses          expense contributions remuneration
                                                    US$’000         US$’000          US$’000         US$’000          US$’000         US$’000

                2018


                Executive directors:
                     Mr. Zhang Fangliang                   –             313                –               –                7             320
                     Ms. Wang Ye                           –             429                –               –                –             429
                     Mr. Meng Jiange                       –             135               31              23                7             196
                                                           –             877               31              23               14             945

                Non-executive directors:
                     Mr. Pan Yuexin                       31               –                –              59                –              90
                     Ms. Wang Jiafen                       3               –                –               –                –               3
                                                          34               –                –              59                –              93

                2017


                Executive directors:
                     Mr. Zhang Fangliang                   –             312                –               –                6             318
                     Ms. Wang Ye                           –             483                –               –                –             483
                     Mr. Meng Jiange                       –              99               31              37                6             173
                                                           –             894               31              37               12             974

                Non-executive director:
                     Mr. Pan Yuexin                       32               –                –               –                –              32

                *          The benefits in kind include contributions made for directors’ U.S. social security and medical insurance paid by the
                           Group.


                There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration
                during the year.




190    Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2018




9.    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      The five highest paid employees during the year included two directors (2017: two directors), details of
      whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining
      three (2017: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company
      are as follows:


                                                                                          2018              2017
                                                                                      US$’000           US$’000

      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                            917                  716
      Performance related bonuses                                                          480                  203
      Equity-settled share option expense                                                  297                   21
      Pension scheme contributions                                                          48                   –
                                                                                         1,742                  940


      The number of the non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell
      within the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                     Number of employees
                                                                                          2018              2017

      HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                           –                    1
      HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                            1                   2
      HK$3,000,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                            1                  –
      HK$4,000,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                           –                   –
      HK$5,000,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                            1                  –
                                                                                              3                   3


10.   INCOME TAX
      Pursuant to the rules and regulations of Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the Group is not
      subject to any income tax in Cayman and BVI.


      Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2017: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable
      profits arising in Hong Kong during the year.


      The subsidiaries of the Group operating in the United States of America were subject to federal tax at
      a rate of 21% and state tax at a rate of 9% in New Jersey and 0% in the State of Washington during the
      year.


      The subsidiary of the Group operating in Ireland was subject to income tax at the rate of 12.5% on the
      estimated assessable profits arising in Ireland during the year.


      The subsidiary of the Group operating in Japan was subject to income tax at rates ranging from 22% to
      31.5% depending on its earnings during the year.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         191
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  10.    INCOME TAX (continued)
         The subsidiary of the Group operating in the Netherlands was subject to income tax at the rate of 25% on
         the estimated assessable profits arising in the Netherlands during the year.


         The provision for current income tax in Mainland China is based on the statutory rate of 25% of the
         assessable profits of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group as determined in accordance with the PRC
         Corporate Income Tax Law which was approved and became effective on 1 January 2008, except for
         certain subsidiaries of the Group in Mainland China which are granted tax concession and are taxed at
         preferential tax rates.


         Nanjing Jinsirui, Nanjing Jinsikang and Jiangsu Jinsirui are qualified as Advanced Technology Service
         Enterprises. All of them were subject to income tax at a preferential tax rate of 15% for the reporting
         period. Nanjing Bestzyme and Jinan Bestzyme are qualified as High and New Technology Enterprises.
         Both of them were subject to income tax at a preferential tax rate of 15% for the reporting period.


                                                                                             2018               2017
                                                                                         US$’000          US$’000

         Current – Mainland China                                                             961               4,136
         Current – Elsewhere                                                                5,318           10,005
         Deferred                                                                          (4,338)             (2,625)
         Total tax charge for the year                                                      1,941              11,516


         A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the countries
         (or jurisdictions) in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax
         expense at the effective tax rates is as follows:


                                                                                             2018               2017
                                                                                         US$’000          US$’000

         Profit before tax                                                                 22,700           38,521

         At the PRC’s statutory income tax rate of 25%                                      5,675              9,630
         Effect of tax rate differences in other countries                                 (1,066)             3,815
         Preferential income tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                          (2,588)             (2,847)
         Effect on opening deferred tax of decrease in rates                                    –                453
         Effect of withholding tax on the distributable profit of subsidiaries                  –               1,579
         Additional deductible allowance for research and
           development expenses                                                            (4,770)             (1,866)
         Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                  2,402                926
         Tax losses not recognised                                                          2,218                314
         Tax losses utilised from previous years                                              (15)               (406)
         Others                                                                                85                 (82)
         Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                           1,941              11,516




192     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2018




11.   DIVIDENDS
                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                       US$’000           US$’000

      Dividends on ordinary shares during the period                                          –                  –


      The Board has resolved not to declare any dividend for the year ended December 31, 2018 (For the year
      ended December 31,2017: Nil)


12.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
      PARENT
      The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
      to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of
      1,792,336,607 (2017: 1,714,343,224) in issue during the year, as adjusted to reflect the rights issue during
      the year.


      The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
      to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the
      calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, as used in the basic earnings per
      share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at
      no consideration on the deemed exercise of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.


      The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                       US$’000           US$’000

      Earnings
      Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
        used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                 21,216            26,123


                                                                                        Number of shares
                                                                                           2018              2017

      Shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
        used in the basic earnings per share calculation                         1,792,336,607     1,714,343,224


      Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
        Share options                                                               47,278,259        14,375,400
                                                                                 1,839,614,866     1,728,718,624




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018       193
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  13.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                      Machinery                   Computer
                                         Land and              and       Motor    and office Construction
                                         buildings    equipment        vehicles   equipment    in progress      Total
                                          US$’000          US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000

         31 December 2018


         At 31 December 2017 and
           at 1 January 2018:
           Cost                             34,525          37,602         568        5,782        28,720    107,197
           Accumulated depreciation
           and impairment                   (4,783)        (18,097)       (251)      (3,558)            –    (26,689)
           Net carrying amount              29,742          19,505         317        2,224        28,720     80,508

         At 1 January 2018, net of
           accumulated depreciation
           and impairment                   29,742          19,505         317        2,224        28,720     80,508
         Acquisition of subsidiaries             –               –           –           43             –         43
         Additions                          29,820              89           –          135        60,830     90,874
         Disposals                               –             (17)          –           (1)            –         (18)
         Depreciation provided
           during the year                  (2,576)          (7,096)       (57)      (1,393)            –     (11,122)
         Exchange realignment               (1,388)           (766)        (13)         (81)          (24)    (2,272)
         Transfers                          13,934          27,409          43        2,068       (43,454)         –
         At 31 December 2018, net of
           accumulated depreciation
           and impairment                   69,532          39,124         290        2,995        46,072    158,013

         At 31 December 2018:
           Cost                             76,514          62,540         583        7,842        46,072    193,551
           Accumulated depreciation
           and impairment                   (6,982)        (23,416)       (293)      (4,847)            –    (35,538)
           Net carrying amount              69,532          39,124         290        2,995        46,072    158,013




194     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2018




13.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
                                                 Machinery                    Computer
                                    Land and           and          Motor     and office Construction
                                    buildings    equipment        vehicles    equipment     in progress        Total
                                    US$’000       US$’000         US$’000       US$’000       US$’000      US$’000

      31 December 2017


      At 31 December 2016 and
        at 1 January 2017:
        Cost                          31,125        29,675             450        3,995          1,968       67,213
        Accumulated depreciation
        and impairment                (3,328)       (17,258)          (189)       (2,703)            –      (23,478)
        Net carrying amount           27,797        12,417             261        1,292          1,968       43,735

      At 1 January 2017, net of
        accumulated depreciation
        and impairment                27,797        12,417             261        1,292          1,968       43,735
      Additions                          745           499               –           69         40,098       41,411
      Disposals                           (21)          (92)            (7)          (14)         (260)           (394)
      Depreciation provided
        during the year                (1,215)      (4,320)            (50)        (880)             –       (6,465)
      Exchange realignment             1,760           578              16           (74)          (59)       2,221
      Transfers                          676        10,423              97        1,831        (13,027)              –
      At 31 December 2017, net of
        accumulated depreciation
        and impairment                29,742        19,505             317        2,224         28,720       80,508

      At 31 December 2017:
        Cost                          34,525        37,602             568        5,782         28,720      107,197
        Accumulated depreciation
        and impairment                 (4,783)     (18,097)           (251)       (3,558)            –      (26,689)
        Net carrying amount           29,742        19,505             317        2,224         28,720       80,508




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018           195
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  14.    PREPAID LAND LEASE PAYMENTS
                                                                                         2018            2017
                                                                                     US$’000          US$’000

         Carrying amount at 1 January                                                  10,411            7,955
         Additions                                                                      8,104            2,173
         Recognised                                                                      (230)            (183)
         Exchange realignment                                                            (479)             466
         Carrying amount at end of year                                                17,806           10,411
         Current portion included in prepayments, other receivables and
           other assets                                                                  (392)            (222)
         Non-current portion                                                           17,414           10,189


         At 31 December 2018, the directors are of the view that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly
         occupy and use the above-mentioned leasehold lands. All the land use rights of the Group are located in
         Mainland China and are held under leases of 50 years.


  15.    GOODWILL
                                                                                         2018            2017
                                                                                     US$’000          US$’000

         Cost at 1 January                                                              1,470            1,384
         Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                   13,888                –
         Exchange realignment                                                             (71)              86
         Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December                                   15,287            1,470




196     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2018




15.   GOODWILL (continued)
      Impairment testing of goodwill

      Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following cash-generating units for
      impairment testing:


      The recoverable amount of the bio-science services and products cash-generating unit has been
      determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets
      covering a five-year period approved by senior management. The discount rate applied to the cash flow
      projections is 16% to 23%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows of the industrial products
      unit beyond the five-year period is 0% to 3%, which is the same as the long-term growth rate of the
      industry.


      The recoverable amount of the industrial synthetic biology products cash-generating unit has been
      determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets
      covering a five-year period approved by senior management. The discount rate applied to the cash flow
      projections is 16% (2017: 12.8%). The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows of the industrial
      products unit beyond the five-year period is 3% (2017: 0%), which is the same as the long-term growth
      rate of the industry.


      Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the three cash-generating unit for 31 December
      2018. The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow
      projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:


      Budgeted gross margins – The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross margins
      is the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year, increased for
      expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.


      Discount rates – The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant
      unit.


      The values assigned to the key assumptions on market development of industrial synthetic biology
      products and discount rates are consistent with external information sources.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    197
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  16.    OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                       Patents and      Customer
                                                           Software       licenses    relationship      Total
                                                           US$’000        US$’000        US$’000      US$’000

         31 December 2018


         Cost at 1 January 2018, net of
           accumulated amortisation                            968           1,364            135       2,467
         Acquisition of subsidiaries                             –         18,263               –      18,263
         Additions                                             335            331               –        666
         Amortisation provided during the year                 (370)        (1,197)           (15)     (1,582)
         Exchange realignment                                   (49)         (116)              (7)      (172)
         At 31 December 2018                                   884         18,645             113      19,642

         At 31 December 2018:
         Cost                                                 1,927         20,114            151      22,192
         Accumulated amortisation                            (1,043)        (1,469)           (38)     (2,550)
         Net carrying amount                                   884         18,645             113      19,642

         31 December 2017


         Cost at 1 January 2017, net of
           accumulated amortisation                            786           1,202            142       2,130
         Additions                                             343            240               –        583
         Amortisation provided during the year                 (202)          (135)           (15)       (352)
         Exchange realignment                                   41             57               8        106
         At 31 December 2017                                   968           1,364            135       2,467

         At 31 December 2017:
         Cost                                                 1,730          1,592            158       3,480
         Accumulated amortisation                              (762)          (228)           (23)     (1,013)
         Net carrying amount                                   968           1,364            135       2,467




198     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2018




17.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                       US$’000           US$’000

      Share of net assets                                                                 2,924                  614


      The Group’s trade receivable with the associates are disclosed in notes 21 to the financial statements,
      respectively.


      The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not
      individually material:


                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                       US$’000           US$’000

      Share of the associates’ loss for the year                                           (201)                 (39)
      Share of the associates’ total comprehensive loss                                    (201)                 (39)
      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
        in the associates                                                                 2,924                  614


18.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS/AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE
      INVESTMENTS
                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                       US$’000           US$’000

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
        Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                        3,405                   –
        Investment in financial products, at fair value                                  70,056                   –
                                                                                         73,461                   –

      Available-for-sale investments
        Investment in financial products, at fair value                                       –             3,088


      The above equity investments at 31 December 2018 were classified as financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss as they were held for trading.


      The above investment in financial products at 31 December 2017 and 2018 were wealth management
      products issued by banks in China and Hong Kong. They were mandatorily classified as financial assets
      at fair value through profit or loss as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal
      and interest.




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018          199
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  19.    E Q U I T Y I N V E ST M E N TS D E S I G N AT E D AT FA I R VA LU E T H R O U G H OT H E R
         COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE INVESTMENTS
                                                                                        2018            2017
                                                                                      US$’000        US$’000

         Equity investments designated at fair value through other
           comprehensive income
           Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                   4,949               –

         Available-for-sale investments
         Unlisted investments, at cost                                                     –            1,136


         The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive
         income as the Group considers these investments to be strategic in nature.


  20.    INVENTORIES
                                                                                        2018            2017
                                                                                      US$’000        US$’000

         Raw materials                                                                  4,445           3,109
         Work in progress                                                               2,922           1,756
         Finished goods                                                                 6,606           3,169
                                                                                       13,973           8,034
         Less: Provision for inventories                                               (1,544)          (1,156)
                                                                                       12,429           6,878


         Inventory provision of US$388,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017:
         US$304,000). Inventory provision has been included in “cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of
         profit or loss.




200     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2018




21.   TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES
                                                                                          2018              2017
                                                                                      US$’000           US$’000

      Trade receivables                                                                 67,999           255,156
      Notes receivable                                                                   2,429             1,806
                                                                                        70,428          256,962
      Less: Impairment of trade receivables                                             (2,585)           (1,611)
                                                                                        67,843          255,351


      The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is 30 to 90 days.
      The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and overdue balances are
      reviewed regularly by management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade
      receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of
      credit risk. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.


      Included in the Group’s trade receivables are amounts due from the Group’s associates of US$994,000
      (2017: US$141,000), which are repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers
      of the Group.


      An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the year, based on the invoice date, is as
      follows:


                                                                                          2018              2017
                                                                                      US$’000           US$’000

      Within 3 months                                                                   59,692          250,841
      3 months to 6 months                                                               2,829             2,100
      6 months to 12 months                                                                720                  610
      Over one year                                                                      4,758             1,605
                                                                                        67,999           255,156




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         201
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  21.    TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (continued)
         Movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables were as follows:


                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                                          US$’000

         At 1 January 2018                                                                                   1,611
         Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                             6
         Impairment losses recognised                                                                        1,234
         Impairment losses reversed                                                                           (262)
         Amount written off as uncollectible                                                                    (4)
         At 31 December 2018                                                                                2,585

         At 1 January 2017                                                                                   1,065
         Impairment losses recognised                                                                         634
         Impairment losses reversed                                                                            (88)
         At 31 December 2017                                                                                 1,611


         Impairment under HKFRS 9 for the year ended 31 December 2018

         An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure
         expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer
         segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by geographical region, product type, customer type and
         rating, and coverage by letters of credit or other forms of credit insurance). The calculation reflects the
         probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that
         is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic
         conditions.


         Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
         provision matrix:


                                                                             As at 31 December 2018
                                                                 Gross carrying        Expected         Expected
                                                                        amount          loss rate      credit loss
                                                                       USD’000                           USD’000

         Trade receivables from clients with no credit risk              31,343                –                 –
         Other trade receivables aged:
           Less than one year                                            34,264            1.70%              582
           Within 1 to 2 years                                              888           57.75%              513
           Within 2 to 3 years                                              245          94.19%               231
           Over 3 years                                                   1,259            100%              1,259
                                                                         67,999                             2,585




202     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2018




21.   TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (continued)
      Impairment under HKAS 39 for the year ended 31 December 2017

      The ageing analysis of the trade receivables that were not individually nor collectively considered to be
      impaired under HKAS 39 is as follows:


                                                                                                           2017
                                                                                                       US$’000

      Neither past due nor impaired                                                                    243,061
      Less than 3 months past due                                                                         9,180
      Over 3 months past due                                                                              1,304
                                                                                                       253,545


      Trade receivables that were neither past due nor impaired relate to a large number of diversified
      customers for whom there was no recent history of default.


      The notes receivable were due within six months. No notes receivable were endorsed as at 31 December
      2018 (2017: US$628,000). No subsidiary has pledged notes receivable as at 31 December 2018 (2017:
      US$295,000) to secure a credit limit from a bank.




                                                            Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018      203
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  22.    PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                                           2018                 2017
                                                                                                       US$’000              US$’000

         VAT recoverable (i)                                                                              6,891                3,399
         Prepayments                                                                                      5,713                3,122
         Interest receivable                                                                              6,071                     –
         Other receivables                                                                                1,811                  878
         Prepaid expense                                                                                  1,048                  322
         Advance to employees                                                                                389                 633
                                                                                                         21,923                8,354
         Less: Impairment of other receivables                                                               (34)                 (25)
                                                                                                         21,889                8,329

         (i)    The Group’s domestic sales of goods and rendering of services are subject to China Value Added Tax (“VAT”). Input VAT on
                purchases can be deducted from output VAT payable. The VAT recoverable is mainly the net difference between output and
                deductible input VAT.


         Movements in the provision for impairment of other receivables were as follows:


                                                                                                                       Individually
                                                                                                                           impaired
                                                                                                                            US$’000

         At 1 January 2018                                                                                                         25
         Impairment losses recognised                                                                                               9
         At 31 December 2018                                                                                                       34

         At 1 January 2017                                                                                                         25
         At 31 December 2017                                                                                                       25


         The ageing analysis of the prepayments, other receivables and other assets that are not considered to be
         impaired is as follows:


                                                                                                           2018                 2017
                                                                                                       US$’000              US$’000

         Neither past due nor impaired                                                                   21,889                8,329




204     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2018




23.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS
                                                                      Note               2018              2017
                                                                                     US$’000           US$’000

      Cash and bank balances                                                         494,558           123,857
      Pledged short-term deposits                                                      12,688                  392
                                                                                      507,246          124,249
      Less: Pledged short-term deposits:
        Pledged for letters of credit                                                       –              (202)
        Pledged for short-term bank loans                              26             (11,004)                  –
        Pledged for notes payable                                                      (1,684)             (190)
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                      494,558           123,857

      Denominated in US$                                                             474,372           103,387
      Denominated in HK$                                                                1,962             1,072
      Denominated in RMB                                                               13,795            15,534
      Denominated in EUR                                                                1,729             2,318
      Denominated in JPY                                                                1,412                  503
      Denominated in CHF                                                                  265                   –
      Denominated in GBP                                                                1,023             1,043
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                      494,558           123,857


      At the end of the year, the cash and bank balances of the Group denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”)
      amounted to US$13,795,000 (2017: US$15,534,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into other
      currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of
      Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB
      for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.


      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are
      pledged for letters of credit and notes payable. The bank balances and pledged deposits are deposited
      with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. The carrying amounts of the cash and cash
      equivalents approximate to their fair values.




                                                            Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         205
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  24.    TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES
         An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the year, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                            2018                 2017
                                                                                                        US$’000              US$’000

         Trade payables                                                                                    9,547                7,047
         Notes payable                                                                                     1,640                 1,107
                                                                                                          11,187                8,154


                                                                                                            2018                 2017
                                                                                                        US$’000              US$’000

         Within 3 months                                                                                   9,364                6,432
         3 months to 6 months                                                                                  57                 122
         6 months to 12 months                                                                                 56                 105
         Over 1 year                                                                                           70                 388
                                                                                                           9,547                7,047


         The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 60-day terms.


  25.    OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                            2018                 2017
                                                                                                        US$’000              US$’000

         Deferred revenue (note)                                                                                –            209,152
         Payables for purchases of machinery and construction of buildings                                22,817               14,615
         Accrued payroll                                                                                  12,852                9,746
         Advances from customers                                                                          11,742                9,188
         Other payables                                                                                    2,366                4,641
         Accrued expenses                                                                                 23,631                3,120
         Taxes payable other than corporate income tax                                                        536               1,463
                                                                                                          73,944             251,925

         Note:   Deferred revenue of 2017 represents deferred license and collaboration revenue, which will be amortized over the service
                 period.




206     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 December 2018




26.   INTEREST-BEARING BANK BORROWINGS
                                                             2018                                 2017
                                           Effective                              Effective
                                            interest                               interest
                                            rate (%)    Maturity     US$’000      rate (%)      Maturity      US$’000

      Current
        Bank loans – secured                      0.1         2019      9,919            –               –            –
        Bank loans – unsecured                   6.6          2019        583            –               –            –
                                                                       10,502                                         –


                                                                                               2018               2017
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000

      Analysed into:
        Bank loans repayable:
        Within one year or on demand                                                       10,502                     –


      Certain of the Group’s bank loans is secured by the pledge of certain of the Group’s time deposits
      amounting to US$11,004,000 (2017: Nil).


27.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES
      Details of contract liabilities as at 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2018 are as follows:


                                                                                    31 December              1 January
                                                                                               2018               2018
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000


      Non-current
      License and collaboration revenue                                                   262,127              160,039


      Current
      License and collaboration revenue                                                       41,018             47,183
                                                                                          303,145              207,222


      Contract liabilities include advances received to provide services in service period. The increase in
      contract liabilities in 2018 was mainly due to the increase amounts received from customers in relation
      to the provision of services at the end of the year.




                                                                Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018          207
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  28.    GOVERNMENT GRANTS
                                                                                          2018             2017
                                                                                        US$’000          US$’000
         At 1 January                                                                      2,977           2,393
         Grants received during the year                                                   1,594             505
         Amount released                                                                    (320)            (66)
         Exchange realignment                                                               (135)            145
         At end of year                                                                    4,116           2,977
         Current                                                                              98              90
         Non-current                                                                       4,018           2,887
                                                                                           4,116           2,977


         The grants were related to the subsidies received from local government authorities for the purpose of
         compensation for the expenditure on certain facilities and were credited to a deferred income account.
         The grants were released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful lives of the relevant
         assets. The Group also received certain financial subsidies from local government authorities to
         support local business. There were no unfulfilled conditions and other contingencies attached to these
         government grants. These government grants were recognised in the statement of profit or loss upon
         receipt.

  29.    DEFERRED TAX
         The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

         Deferred tax liabilities

                                                       Depreciation    Fair value
                                                         allowance adjustments
                                                          in excess arising from
                                                         of related acquisition of    Withholding
                                                       depreciation a subsidiary              tax          Total
                                                           US$’000       US$’000         US$’000         US$’000
         At 1 January 2018                                       48           342                 –          390

         Acquisition of a subsidiary                              6         3,884                 –        3,890
         Deferred tax credited to the statement
           of profit or loss during the year                     (8)          (196)               –          (204)
         Exchange realignment                                     –            (13)               –           (13)
         Gross deferred tax liabilities
           at 31 December 2018                                   46         4,017                 –        4,063
         At 1 January 2017                                       37           316               131          484

         Deferred tax charged/(credited) to the
           statement of profit or loss
           during the year                                       11              6              (135)        (118)
         Exchange realignment                                     –             20                 4           24
         Gross deferred tax liabilities
           at 31 December 2017                                   48           342                  –         390



208     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       31 December 2018




29.   DEFERRED TAX (continued)
      Deferred tax assets

                                                                                                                  Losses
                                                 Decelerated                   Unrealised                       available
                                                 depreciation                  profit from                  for offsetting
                                     Accrued          for tax    Impairment intercompany     Government against future
                                    expenses        purposes       of assets transactions         grants taxable profits         Total
                                     US$’000         US$’000       US$’000       US$’000        US$’000          US$’000      US$’000

      At 1 January 2018                1,318               –           934          4,874           447                 –        7,573


      Acquisition of a subsidiary          –               –              1             –              –              267         268
      Deferred tax (charged)/
        credited to the statement
        of profit or loss during
        the year                        (184)            106           347          3,202           196               467        4,134
      Exchange realignment               (33)              (3)          (17)            –            (26)              (8)         (87)
      Gross deferred tax assets
        at 31 December 2018            1,101             103          1,265         8,076           617               726       11,888

      At 1 January 2017                2,401             827          1,123           238           359                 –        4,948


      Deferred tax
      charged/(credited) to the
        statement of profit or
        loss during the year           (1,131)          (852)          (210)        4,636             64                –        2,507
      Exchange realignment                48              25             21             –             24                –         118
      Gross deferred tax assets
        at 31 December 2017            1,318               –           934          4,874           447                 –        7,573




                                                                        Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                  209
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  29.    DEFERRED TAX (continued)
         For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement
         of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial
         reporting purposes:


                                                                                                2018              2017
                                                                                          US$’000          US$’000

         Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the
           consolidated statement of financial position                                         4,017              342
         Net deferred tax assets recognised in the
           consolidated statement of financial position                                     11,842                7,525


         The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of US$133,000 (2017: US$65,000) that are available
         indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose.


         The Group has tax losses arising in Mainland China of US$7,613,000 (2017: US$1,752,000) that will expire
         in one to five years and US$1,915,000,000 (2017: Nil) that will expire in ten years for offsetting against
         future taxable profits. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as they
         have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable
         that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.


         Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:


                                                                                                2018              2017
                                                                                          US$’000          US$’000

         Tax losses                                                                             9,661         1,817


         Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to
         foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement
         is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding
         tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign
         investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 5%. The Group is therefore liable for withholding taxes
         on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland China in respect of earnings
         generated from 1 January 2008.




210     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2018




30.   SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM
      Shares

                                                                                    31 December      31 December
                                                                                          2018                2017
                                                                                        US$’000           US$’000

      Authorised:
        Ordinary shares of US$0.001 each                                                  5,000              5,000

      Issued and fully paid:
        Ordinary shares of US$0.001 each                                                  1,836               1,734


      A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital and share premium is as follows:


                                                      Number of
                                                         shares           Share            Share
                                                        in issue         capital        premium               Total
                                                                       US$’000           US$’000           US$’000

      At 1 January 2017                            1,691,861,775          1,692          118,051           119,743


      Acquisition of equity by minority
        shareholders                                           –               –           (1,463)           (1,463)
      Purchases of minority shareholders’ equity               –               –              (55)              (55)
      Share options exercised                         41,744,412             42            4,237              4,279
      At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018       1,733,606,187           1,734         120,770           122,504

      Purchases of minority interests
        of the subsidiary                                     –               –             (297)              (297)
      Acquisition of equity by minority
        shareholders                                          –               –              399                399
      Issue of shares under the share
        placing option                               75,000,000              75          251,218           251,293
      Shares repurchased                              (6,278,000)             (6)         (11,469)          (11,475)
      Share options exercised                        33,034,890              33            3,479             3,512
      At 31 December 2018                          1,835,363,077          1,836          364,100           365,936




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018          211
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  31.    SHARE OPTION SCHEME
         a)     The Company

                On 4 May 2018, under the Company’s Post-IPO share option scheme adopted on 7 December 2015,
                9,600,000 share options to subscribe for an aggregate of 9,600,000 ordinary shares of US$0.001
                each of the Company were granted to 13 employees with vesting dates from 10 January 2020 to 4
                May 2026 and an exercise price of HK$26.460 per share. The expiration date of the options granted
                is 10 years after the grant date.


                On 29 November 2018, under the Company’s Post-IPO share option scheme adopted on 7
                December 2015, 3,000,000 share options to subscribe for an aggregate of 3,000,000 ordinary
                shares of US$0.001 each of the Company were granted to 14 employees with vesting dates from 29
                November 2018 to 28 November 2028 and an exercise price of HK$14.040 per share. The expiration
                date of the options granted is 5-10 years after the grant date.


                                                                    2018                        2017
                                                           Weighted                      Weighted
                                                             average                      average
                                                            exercise         Number       exercise      Number
                                                                price      of options        price     of options
                                                                 US$              ’000       US$            ’000
                                                           per share                     per share

                At 1 January                                  0.1996         286,119       0.0883       282,861
                Granted during the year                       2.9960          12,600       0.7421         48,480
                Forfeited during the year                     0.4931          (3,842)      0.2452         (3,477)
                Exercised during the year                     0.0817         (33,035)      0.0679        (41,745)
                At 31 December                                0.3444         261,842       0.1996        286,119




212     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      31 December 2018




31.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      a)   The Company (continued)

           The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at the end of the year
           are as follows:


               31 December 2018
               Number of options
                     exercisable                             Exercise price*                                         Exercise period
                            ’000                              US$ per share
                            1,232                                       0.0026                          2008/05/12~2019/12/31
                               86                                       0.0046                          2009/07/03~2019/07/31
                               91                                       0.0072                          2008/09/26~2019/07/31
                              145                                       0.0139                          2012/08/01~2019/07/31
                              389                                       0.0154                          2013/12/31~2019/12/20
                            2,556                                       0.0257                          2012/12/31~2019/12/31
                              194                                       0.0515                          2013/08/10~2025/07/31
                           68,016                                       0.0617                          2014/12/31~2025/07/31
                           66,009                                       0.0772                          2010/12/31~2025/07/31
                           41,033                                       0.1029                          2013/02/10~2025/07/31
                              253                                       0.1552                          2016/06/22~2026/06/21
                            2,970                                       0.3102                          2017/09/23~2026/09/22
                              240                                       1.7948                           2018/11/29~2023/11/28
                          183,214


               31 December 2017
               Number of options
                     exercisable                             Exercise price*                                         Exercise period
                            ’000                              US$ per share
                            1,612                                       0.0026                          2008/05/12~2019/12/31
                               86                                       0.0046                          2009/07/03~2019/07/31
                              136                                       0.0072                          2008/09/26~2019/07/31
                            1,603                                       0.0103                          2010/12/31~2018/01/15
                              225                                       0.0139                          2011/12/08~2019/07/31
                              904                                       0.0154                          2013/12/31~2019/12/20
                              987                                       0.0206                          2012/12/31~2018/10/08
                            4,588                                       0.0257                          2010/12/31~2019/12/31
                              194                                       0.0515                          2013/08/10~2025/07/31
                           68,016                                       0.0617                          2014/12/31~2025/07/31
                           59,092                                       0.0772                          2010/12/31~2025/07/31
                           54,742                                       0.1029                          2011/07/15~2025/07/31
                              117                                       0.1552                          2016/06/22~2026/06/21
                              400                                       0.3102                          2017/09/23~2026/09/22
                          192,702

           *       The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or other similar
                   changes in the Company’s share capital.


                                                                        Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018                  213
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  31.    SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
         a)     The Company (continued)

                The fair value of the share options granted during the year was US$17,362,853 (US$1.378 each)
                (2017: US$16,816,584, US$0.347 each), of which the Group recognised a share option expense of
                US$8,148,139 (2017: US$2,811,000) during the year ended 31 December 2018.


                The fair value of equity-settled share options granted during the year was estimated as at the date
                of grant, using a binomial model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the
                options were granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model used:



                                                                                            2018            2017

                Dividend yield (%)                                                              –               –
                Expected volatility (%)                                                     31-34          40~42
                Risk-free interest rate (%)                                            2.14-2.26       1.35~1.71
                Expected life of options (year)                                              5-10              10
                Weighted average share price (HK$ per share)                         13.88-26.45       3.45~9.33


                The volatility measured at the standard deviation of expected share price returns is based on
                statistical analysis of comparable listed companies in the same industry.


                At 31 December 2018, the Company had 261,842,331 share options outstanding under the share
                option scheme. The exercise in full of the outstanding share options would, under the present
                capital structure of the Company, result in the issue of 261,842,331 additional ordinary shares of
                the Company, an additional share capital of approximately US$261,842 and a share premium of
                approximately US$89,929,458 (before issue expenses).


                At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had 184,098,224 share options
                outstanding under the share option scheme, which represented approximately 10.0% of the
                Company’s shares in issue as at that date.




214     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2018




31.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      b)   The Legend

           On 1 January 2018, under the Company’s Legend share option scheme adopted on 21 December
           2017, 8,100,000 share options to subscribe for an aggregate of 8,100,000 ordinary shares of
           US$0.001 each of the Company were granted to 44 employees with vesting dates from 31
           December 2019 to 31 December 2023 and an exercise price of US$0.500 per share. The expiration
           date of the options granted is 10 years after the grant date.


           On 30 August 2018, under the Company’s Legend share option scheme adopted on 21 December
           2017, 7,314,000 share options to subscribe for an aggregate of 7,314,000 ordinary shares of
           US$0.001 each of the Company were granted to 36 employees with vesting dates from 30 August
           2019 to 29 August 2028 and an exercise price of US$1.000 per share. The expiration date of the
           options granted is 10 years after the grant date.


           On 31 December 2018, under the Company’s Legend share option scheme adopted on 21 December
           2017, 696,000 share options to subscribe for an aggregate of 696,000 ordinary shares of US$0.001
           each of the Company were granted to 23 employees with vesting dates from 31 December 2019 to
           31 December 2023 and an exercise price of US$1.000 per share. The expiration date of the options
           granted is 10 years after the grant date.


           Share options do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.


           The following share options were outstanding during the year:


                                                                 2018                          2017
                                                       Weighted                       Weighted
                                                        average                         average
                                                        exercise          Number       exercise          Number
                                                           price        of options         price       of options
                                                               US$           ’000           US$              ’000
                                                       per share                      per share

           At 1 January                                         –               –              –                –
           Granted during the period                      0.7486           16,110              –                –
           Forfeited during the period                   0.5073             (1,779)            –                –
           Exercised during the period                          –               –              –                –
           At 31 December                                 0.7786           14,331              –                –




                                                            Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018        215
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  31.    SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
         b)     The Legend (continued)

                There were no exercisable share options outstanding as at the end of the reporting year.


                The fair value of the share options granted during the period was US$4,371,908 (US$0.271 each)
                (2017: Nil), of which the Group recognised a share option expense of US$703,587 (2017: Nil) during
                the year ended 31 December 2018.


                The fair value of equity-settled share options granted during the period was estimated, using
                a binomial model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were
                granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model used:


                                                                                            2018           2017

                Dividend yield (%)                                                             –               –
                Expected volatility (%)                                               64.2-66.4                –
                Risk-free interest rate (%)                                           2.48-2.87                –
                Expected life of options (year)                                               10               –
                Weighted average share price (US$ per share)                        0.352-0.695                –


                The volatility measured at the standard deviation of expected share price returns is based on
                statistical analysis of comparable listed companies in the same industry.


                At the end of reporting period, the Legend had 14,331,000 share options outstanding under
                the scheme. The exercise in full of the outstanding share options would, under the present
                capital structure of the Company, result in the issue of 14,331,000 additional ordinary shares
                of the Legend, an additional share capital of approximately US$14,331 and a share premium of
                approximately US$11,143,169 (before issue expenses).




216     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2018




32.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
      On 11 January 2018, the Group acquired 100% of the voting shares of CustomArray, Inc(“CustomArray”),
      an unlisted company based in the State of Washington of United States of America that specializes
      in targeted sequencing. The Group has acquired CustomArray because it is a provider of oligo pools to
      many of the world’s leading academic and industrial organisations for applications including targeted
      sequencing, complex DNA libraries, synthetic biology, shRNA libraries, and CRISPR. The consideration for
      the acquisition was in the form of cash, at US$25,749,000.


      The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of CustomArray as at the date of acquisition were
      as follows:


                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                                     recognised
                                                                                                 on acquisition
                                                                                                        US$’000

      Property, plant and equipment                                                                              28
      Other intangible assets                                                                             15,002
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                       114
      Inventories                                                                                                17
      Trade and notes receivables                                                                               220
      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                           968
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 295
      Trade payables                                                                                            (24)
      Other payables and accruals                                                                           (385)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            (3,131)
      Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                         13,104


      Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                     12,645
      Satisfied by cash                                                                                  (25,749)


      The fair values of the trade receivables and other receivables as at the date of acquisition amounted to
      US$220,000 and US$968,000, respectively. The gross contractual amounts of trade receivables and other
      receivables were US$220,000 and US$968,000, respectively.


      Included in the goodwill of US$12,645,000 recognised above is technical workforce of the acquiree and
      the synergy with the Group, which is not recognised separately. Because the technical workforce and
      synergy is not separable and therefore it does not meet the criteria for recognition as an intangible
      asset under HKAS 38 Intangible Assets. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for
      income tax purposes.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018          217
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  32.    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
         An analysis of the cash flows on acquisition is as follows:


                                                                                                          US$’000

         Cash consideration of the acquisition                                                              (25,749)
         Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                       295
         Net cash outflow on acquisition included in cash flows from investing activities                  (25,454)


         Since the acquisition, CustomArray contributed US$1,881,000 to the Group’s revenue and US$575,000 to
         the consolidated loss for the year ended 31 December 2018.


         On 25 July 2018, the Group acquired another 47.22% of the entire issued shares of Anhui Precision
         Biotechnology Co., Ltd., (“Precision”) for RMB14.17 million, since on 6 September 2017, it has acquired
         15% of the entire issued shares of Precision for RMB3.65 million. Precision is incorporated in Chuzhou,
         a city under Anhui Province and is a provider of bioengineering technology; research and development,
         transfer, consulting and service of pharmaceutical industry technology; intelligent technology research
         and development; instrumentation research and development, production, and sales.


         The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Anhui Precision Biotechnology Co., Ltd., as at
         the date of acquisition were as follows:


                                                                                                         Fair value
                                                                                                        recognised
                                                                                                    on acquisition
                                                                                                          US$’000

         Property, plant and equipment                                                                           15
         Other intangible assets – patents                                                                   3,261
         Inventories                                                                                           520
         Trade and notes receivables                                                                             49
         Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                           168
         Deferred tax assets                                                                                   148
         Trade payables                                                                                         (52)
         Other payable                                                                                         (820)
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                              (753)
         Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                         2,536


         Minority interest                                                                                     (958)


         Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                      1,243

         Satisfied by cash                                                                                   (2,821)




218     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2018




32.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
      The fair values of the trade receivables and other receivables as at the date of acquisition amounted to
      US$49,000 and US$168,000, respectively. The gross contractual amounts of trade receivables and other
      receivables were US$49,000 and US$168,000, respectively.


      Included in the goodwill of US$1,243,000 recognised above is technical workforce of the acquiree and the
      synergy with the Group, which is not recognised separately. Because the technical workforce and synergy
      is not separable and therefore it does not meet the criteria for recognition as an intangible asset under
      HKAS 38 Intangible Assets. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax
      purposes.


      An analysis of the cash flows on acquisition is as follows:


                                                                                                         US$’000

      Cash consideration of the acquisition                                                                (2,821)

      Investments in associates                                                                                  552
      Disposal of investments in associates                                                                      128


      Net cash outflow on acquisition included in cash flows from investing activities                     (2,141)


      Since the acquisition, Anhui Precision Biotechnology Co., Ltd., contributed US$28,000 to the Group’s
      revenue and US$180,000 to the consolidated loss for the year ended 31 December 2018.


33.   RESERVES
      The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
      presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 135 to 136 of the financial
      statements.


      In accordance with the Company Law of the PRC, certain subsidiaries of the Group which are domestic
      enterprises are required to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined in accordance with the
      relevant PRC accounting standards, to their respective statutory surplus reserves until the reserves reach
      50% of their respective registered capital. Subject to certain restrictions set out in the Company Law of
      the PRC, part of the statutory surplus reserves may be converted to increase share capital, provided that
      the remaining balance after the capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital.


      The exchange fluctuation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation
      of the financial statements of operations with a functional currency other than US$.




                                                              Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         219
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  34.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
         Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                      Bank and
                                                                                                    other loans
                                                                                                       US$’000

         At 1 January 2018                                                                                    –
         Changes from financing cash flows                                                              10,502
         At 31 December 2018                                                                            10,502


                                                                                                       Dividend
                                                                                                       payable
                                                                                                       included
                                                                                                        in other
                                                                                                      payables
                                                                                                       US$’000

         At 1 January 2017                                                                                2,635
         Changes from financing cash flows                                                               (2,635)
         At 31 December 2017                                                                                  –


  35.    PLEDGE OF ASSETS
         Details of the Group’s time deposit pledged for the Group’s notes payables and interest-bearing bank
         loans are included in note 24 to the financial statements.


  36.    OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
         The Group leases certain of its production and office properties under operating lease arrangements.
         Leases for properties are negotiated for terms of one to seven years. At 31 December 2018, the Group had
         total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases falling due as follows:


                                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000

         Within one year                                                                 2,329            1,359
         In the second to fifth years, inclusive                                         5,446            2,146
         After five years                                                                  830                28
                                                                                         8,605            3,533




220     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       31 December 2018




37.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      In addition to the operating lease commitments detailed in note 36 above, the Group had the following
      capital commitments at the end of the year:


                                                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                                                         US$’000            US$’000

      Contracted, but not provided for: plant and machinery                                                   29,909          32,615


38.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      Details of the Group’s principal related parties are as follows:


      Company                                                            Relationship

      Chongyang Jinrui Rabbit Breeding Limited                           An entity controlled by an immediate family
        (“Jinrui Rabbit”)                                                   member of the controlling shareholder


      Hunan Gomeet Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Gomeet”)                    Associate


      Fengyang Nanjing Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                           Associate
        (“Fengyang Nanjing”)


      Fengyang Bio HK Limited                                            Associate
        (“Fengyang HK”)


      Maple Bio (“Maple Bio”)                                            Associate

      (a)    In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the
             following transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                                      Note                     2018             2017
                                                                                                         US$’000            US$’000

             Purchases of raw materials from Jinrui Rabbit                              (i)                       –               11
             Sales of products to Gomeet                                                (i)                      39              137
             Sales of products and service to Fengyang Nanjing                          (i)                       7                 –
             Sales of sundries to Fengyang Nanjing                                      (i)                      18                 –

             Note:

             (i)     The prices are mutually agreed after taking into account the prevailing market prices.




                                                                         Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018               221
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  38.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
         (b)    Outstanding balances with related parties:

                The Group had the following significant balance with its related party during the year:


                (i)    Due from related parties

                                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                                         US$’000          US$’000

                       Fengyang Nanjing                                                      758                  –
                       Fengyang HK                                                              1                 –
                       Maple Bio                                                               89                 –
                       Gomeet                                                                146                141
                                                                                             994                141


                       The balances are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.


         (c)    Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                                         US$’000          US$’000

                Short-term employee benefits                                                1,709              1,855
                Pension scheme contributions                                                   33                30
                Equity-settled share option expense                                          412                 77
                Total compensation paid to key management personnel                         2,154              1,962


                Further details of directors’ emoluments are included in note 8 to the financial statements.


                The related party transactions in respect of items in note (a) above also constitute connected
                transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




222     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 December 2018




39.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting
      period are as follows:


      2018


      Financial assets

                                                                          Financial
                                                       Financial          assets at
                                                       assets at         fair value
                                                      fair value     through other
                                                        through     comprehensive
                                                   profit or loss           income
                                                                                           Financial
                                                                                           assets at
                                                        Held for            Equity        amortised
                                                         trading      investments               cost              Total
                                                        US$’000            US$’000          US$’000           US$’000

      Equity investments designated at fair
        value through other comprehensive
        income                                                 –                4,949                –           4,949
      Trade receivables                                        –                   –         67,843             67,843
      Financial assets included in prepayments,
        other receivables and other assets                     –                   –           7,882              7,882
      Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                   70,056                    –                 –          70,056
      Pledged deposits                                         –                   –         12,688             12,688
      Cash and cash equivalents                                –                   –        494,558            494,558
                                                         70,056                 4,949       582,971            657,976


      Financial liabilities

                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                    liabilities at
                                                                                        amortised
                                                                                             cost                 Total
                                                                                         US$’000              US$’000

      Trade and bills payables                                                             11,187               11,187
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals (note 25)               2,366                2,366
      Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                           10,502               10,502
                                                                                           24,055               24,055




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018             223
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  39.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
         The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting
         period are as follows: (continued)


         2017


         Financial assets

                                                                                   Available-
                                                                                     for-sale
                                                                      Loans and     financial
                                                                     receivables      assets             Total
                                                                        US$’000      US$’000         US$’000

         Available-for-sale investments                                        –       4,224            4,224
         Trade receivables                                              255,351            –         255,351
         Financial assets included in prepayments,
           other receivables and other assets                              8,329           –            8,329
         Pledged deposits                                                    392           –              392
         Cash and cash equivalents                                      123,857            –         123,857
                                                                         387,929       4,224          392,153


         Financial liabilities

                                                                                                    Financial
                                                                                                    liabilities
                                                                                                 at amortised
                                                                                                         cost
                                                                                                     US$’000

         Trade and bills payables                                                                       8,154
         Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals (note 25)                       22,086
                                                                                                       30,240




224     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2018




40.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Fair values

      Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, financial
      assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade receivables, trade and bills
      payables and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, interest-bearing bank and
      other borrowings approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these
      instruments.


      The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the
      policies and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance department
      reports directly to the finance manager. At each reporting date, the finance department analysed the
      movements in the values of financial instruments and determined the major inputs applied in the
      valuation. The valuation was reviewed and approved by the finance manager. The valuation process and
      results are discussed with the directors once a year for annual financial reporting.


      The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
      could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation
      sale.


      The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
      income, which were previously classified as available-for-sale equity investments, have been estimated
      using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by observable
      market prices or rates. The valuation requires the directors to determine comparable public companies
      (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and calculates an appropriate price multiple,
      such as enterprise value to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (“EV/EBITDA”)
      multiple and price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple
      is calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The
      trading multiple is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between
      the comparable companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted
      multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to measure
      the fair value. The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation technique,
      which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair
      values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable, and that they were the most
      appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.


      The fair values of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss have been calculated by
      discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar
      terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.




                                                               Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018    225
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  40.    FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
         Fair value hierarchy

         The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments.


         Assets measured at fair value:

         As at 31 December 2018


                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted prices    Significant     Significant
                                                           in active   observable unobservable
                                                           markets         inputs           inputs
                                                           (Level 1)     (Level 2)       (Level 3)           Total
                                                           US$’000       US$’000         US$’000         US$’000

         Equity investments designated at fair
           value through other comprehensive
           income                                                 –         4,949                –          4,949
         Financial assets at fair value through
           profit or loss:                                        –        70,056                –         70,056
                                                                  –        75,005                –         75,005


  41.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
         The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and short-term deposits. The main purpose
         of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other
         financial assets and liabilities such as trade and notes receivables and trade and notes payables, which
         arise directly from its operations.


         The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and
         liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and
         they are summarised below.




226     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2018




41.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
      Foreign currency risk

      The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by
      operating units in currencies other than the units’ functional currencies. Approximately 6% (2017: 3%) of
      the Group’s sales were denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the operating
      units making the sales, whilst approximately 2% (2017: 2%) of costs were denominated in currencies
      other than the units’ functional currencies.


      The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in the RMB exchange
      rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes in the fair
      value of monetary assets and liabilities).


                                                                                     Increase/
                                                                                 (decrease) in         Increase/
                                                                                      the rate        (decrease)
                                                                                     of foreign         in profit
                                                                                     currency         before tax
                                                                                             %          US$’000

      Year ended 31 December 2018


      If US$ strengthens against RMB                                                          5                 342
      If US$ weakens against RMB                                                             (5)            (342)


      Year ended 31 December 2017


      If US$ strengthens against RMB                                                          5                 584
      If US$ weakens against RMB                                                             (5)            (584)

      Credit risk

      The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all
      customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition,
      receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not
      significant. For transactions that are not denominated in the functional currency of the relevant operating
      unit, the Group does not offer credit terms without the specific approval of the Head of Credit Control.




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         227
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  41.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
         Maximum exposure and year-end staging as at 31 December 2018

         The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s
         credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without
         undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2018. The amounts presented
         are gross carrying amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee
         contracts.


                                                            12-month
                                                                  ECLs                      Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                Simplified
                                                               Stage 1          Stage 2           Stage 3        approach
                                                              US$’000          US$’000           US$’000          US$’000           US$’000

         Trade receivables*                                            –                –                 –          67,843           67,843
         Financial assets included
              in prepayments and other
              receivables
              –Normal**                                           7,882                 –                 –                 –           7,882
              –Doubtful**                                              –                –                 –                 –                –
         Time deposits
              –not yet past due                                 12,688                  –                 –                 –         12,688
         Cash and cash equivalents
              –not yet past due                               494,558                   –                 –                 –       494,558
                                                               515,128                  –                 –          67,843         582,971

         *        For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision
                  matrix is disclosed in notes 21 and 22 to the financial statements, respectively.

         **       The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be
                  “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase
                  in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




228     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2018




41.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
      Maximum exposure and year-end staging as at 31 December 2017

      The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, pledged
      short-term deposits, and other receivables, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum
      exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments.


      Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for
      collateral. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty and by geographical
      region. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of
      the Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different regions.


      Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade and other
      receivables are disclosed in notes 21 and 22 to the financial statements.


      Liquidity risk

      The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool
      considers the maturity of both its financial investments and financial assets (e.g., trade receivables and
      other financial assets) and projected cash flows from operations.


      The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on
      contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:


      Year ended 31 December 2018


                                                On    Less than      3 to 12       1 to 5     Over 5
                                           demand     3 months      months         years       years        Total
                                           US$’000     US$’000     US$’000       US$’000    US$’000     US$’000

      Interest-bearing bank borrowings            –      10,520           –            –           –      10,520
      Trade and notes payables                   83       11,104          –            –           –      11,187
      Other payables and accruals                 –       2,366           –            –           –       2,366
                                                 83      23,990           –            –           –      24,073




                                                             Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018       229
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  41.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
         Liquidity risk (continued)

         Year ended 31 December 2017


                                                     On    Less than    3 to 12      1 to 5       Over 5
                                                demand     3 months    months        years        years       Total
                                               US$’000      US$’000    US$’000    US$’000       US$’000    US$’000

         Trade and notes payables                   517        7,637         –           –            –       8,154
         Other payables and accruals              3,120      18,966          –           –            –     22,086
                                                  3,637      26,603          –           –            –     30,240


         Capital management

         The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
         as a going concern and to maintain a strong credit rating and healthy capital ratios in order to support its
         business and maximise shareholders’ value.


         The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
         conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital
         structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or
         issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes
         were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31
         December 2018 and 31 December 2017.


         The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is total liabilities divided by total assets. The
         gearing ratios as at the end of the years were as follows:


                                                                                               2018           2017
                                                                                         US$’000           US$’000

         Total liabilities                                                               423,677           275,945
         Total assets                                                                    916,976           504,264
         Gearing ratio                                                                        46.2%          54.7%




230     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2018




42.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
      Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is
      as follows:


                                                                                         2018              2017
                                                                                     US$’000           US$’000

      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Equity investments designated at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                                              4,949                   –
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                      87,910            80,892
      Total non-current assets                                                         92,859            80,892
      CURRENT ASSETS
      Trade and notes receivables                                                           –                   50
      Short term investment                                                            35,030                   –
      Due from subsidiaries                                                          106,950              4,010
      Interest receivable                                                               1,513                   –
      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                     136                   38
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                      209,848             51,964
      Total current assets                                                           353,477             56,062
      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Due to subsidiaries                                                              65,420             9,019
      Trade and notes payables                                                             21                   –
      Other payables and accruals                                                         403                  216
      Total current liabilities                                                        65,844             9,235
      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                              287,633            46,827
      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                          380,492            127,719
      Net assets                                                                     380,492            127,719

      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                     1,836             1,734
      Reserves (note)                                                                378,656           125,985
      Total equity                                                                   380,492            127,719




                                                            Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018         231
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  31 December 2018




  42.    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
         Note:

         A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                 Share    Share option    Fair value     Accumulated
                                                              premium          reserve      reserve    (losses)/profit     Total
                                                               US$000         US$000       US$’000           US$’000     US$’000

         At 1 January 2017                                    118,051           9,469             –            (6,468)   121,052

         Total comprehensive income for the year                     –               –            –             1,864      1,864
         Share issuance expenses                                 4,237          (1,344)           –                 –      2,893
         Dividend distribution                                       –               –            –            (2,635)    (2,635)
         Equity-settled share option arrangements                    –           2,811            –                 –      2,811


         At 31 December 2017 and 1 January 2018               122,288          10,936             –            (7,239)   125,985

         Total comprehensive loss for the year                       –               –          (11)            2,139      2,128
         Share issuance expenses                                 3,479            (833)           –                 –      2,646
         Issue of shares under the share placing option        251,218               –            –                 –    251,218
         Shares repurchased                                    (11,469)              –            –                 –    (11,469)
         Equity-settled share option arrangements                    –           8,148            –                 –      8,148
         At 31 December 2018                                  365,516          18,251           (11)           (5,100)   378,656



         The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised,
         as further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to the financial
         statements. The amount will either be transferred to the share premium account when the related
         options are exercised, or be transferred to retained profits should the related options expire or be
         forfeited.


  43.    APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 22 March
         2019.




232     Genscript Biotech Corporation Annual Report 2018
