For personal use only




                                  2025



                        ANNUAL REPORT
                 CONTENTS

                 About Iluka Resources                               1
                 Financial and operational review                   14
                 Financial report                                   33
                 Physical, financial and corporate information     160




                 ABOUT THIS REPORT
                 ILUKA IS COMMITTED TO OPEN




For personal use only
                 AND TRANSPARENT ENGAGEMENT
                 WITH ITS STAKEHOLDERS

                 This Annual Report is a summary of Iluka
                 Resources’ and its subsidiaries’ operations,
                 activities and financial position as at 31 December
                 2025. Currency is expressed in Australian dollars
                 (AUD) unless otherwise stated.

                 This Report includes Iluka's Sustainability
                 reporting, guided by the Global Reporting Initiative
                 Framework.

                 Current and previous reports are available on the
                 company’s website at www.iluka.com. Iluka is
                 committed to reducing the environmental footprint
                 associated with the production of the Annual
                 Report, and printed copies are only posted to
                 shareholders who have elected to receive one.



                 IMPORTANT CAUTIONARY
                 INFORMATION

                 This report contains forward-looking statements,
                 including in relation to Iluka’s business, climate
                 strategy and emissions data, industry and market
                 data, and Iluka’s financial statements, which
                 are based on management’s current estimates,
                 expectations and assumptions and are not
                 guidance, guarantees or forecasts of future events
                 or performance. All emissions data in this report are
                 estimates that are subject to inherent uncertainty
                 and limitations in measuring or quantifying
                 emissions, and scenarios in this report are based
                 on assumptions, which may or may not be correct.
                 Readers are strongly cautioned not to place
                 undue reliance on forward-looking statements as
                 actual results or performance may vary materially
                 from these statements due to uncertainty and
                 risks outside of Iluka’s control. Please refer to the
                 Physical, Financial and Corporate Information of this
                 Annual Report for important cautionary information
                 relating to each of these matters.

                 This document contains non-IFRS financial
                 measures including cash production costs,
                 non-production costs, mineral sands EBITDA,
                 underlying Group EBITDA, EBIT, free cash flow, and
                 net debt amongst others. These non-IFRS measures
                 are not subject to audit or review, however, a
                 reconciliation of the measures to Iluka’s statutory
                 accounts is provided on page 20.




                 ABN 34 008 675 018
                        THE COMPANY’S
                        OBJECTIVE IS
                        TO DELIVER
                        SUSTAINABLE
                        VALUE




                        ABOUT ILUKA RESOURCES

                        Iluka Resources Limited (Iluka or the company) is




For personal use only
                        a global critical minerals company with expertise
                        in exploration, project development, mining,
                        processing, marketing and rehabilitation.

                        With more than 70 years’ industry experience, Iluka is
                        a leading producer of zircon and high-grade titanium
                        feedstocks (rutile and synthetic rutile).

                        Via the company’s development of Australia’s first
                        fully-integrated rare earths refinery at Eneabba in
                        Western Australia, Iluka is set to become a globally
                        material supplier of separated rare earth oxides.

                        Iluka’s products are used in an array of applications
                        including technology, construction, medical, lifestyle,
                        defence and industrial uses. As the world moves
                        towards a more sustainable future, Iluka’s high-
                        quality, Australian critical minerals products are in
                        increasing demand.

                        Alongside the company’s Australian production
                        base and development pipeline, Iluka has a globally
                        integrated marketing network.

                        Exploration activities are conducted both within
                        Australia and internationally and Iluka is actively
                        engaged in the rehabilitation of previous activities in
                        the United States and Australia.

                        Headquartered in Perth, Western Australia, Iluka
                        is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
                        (ASX). Iluka holds a 20% stake in Deterra Royalties,
                        the largest ASX-listed resources-focused royalty
                        company.




                        OUR CRITICAL
                        MINERALS ARE USED
                        IN A WIDE ARRAY OF
                        PRODUCTS THAT
                        ARE PART OF
                        EVERYDAY LIFE



                                        Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   1
                 OUR
                 LOCATIONS

                 Iluka's production is located exclusively in Australia. The company has
                 a global marketing network and is conducting rehabilitation activities in
                 Australia and at former mine sites in the United States.




                        AUSTRALIA




For personal use only
                        WESTERN AUSTRALIA
                        • Narngulu processing
                        • Cataby mining and processing
                          (currently idle)
                        • Capel synthetic rutile processing
                          (currently idle)
                        • Rehabilitation
                        • Corporate support centre

                        SOUTH AUSTRALIA
                        • Jacinth-Ambrosia mining and
                          concentrating
                        • Jacinth-Ambrosia extensions
                          (Typhoon, Sonoran)
                        • Rehabilitation
                        • Corporate support centre

                        NEW SOUTH WALES
                        • Balranald project/mining
                                                                                             UNITED STATES
                        VICTORIA
                        • Wimmera project
                        • Rehabilitation
                        • Hamilton processing (idle)




                        UNITED STATES


                        • Marketing and distribution
                        • Rehabilitation




                        EUROPE

                        • Marketing and distribution




                        ASIA

                        • Marketing and distribution




     2         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       1%
                                      Japan                                                                                                  7%
                                                                                                     32%
                                                                44%                                  Europe                                  Americas
                           10%
                           China                                Americas                                                                     5%
                                                                                                                                             India and Middle East
                                                                                                                  Zircon
                                              Titanium                                         45%
                                               Dioxide                                                                                       11%
                                                                                         China region           Sales by region
                                              Sales by region                                                                                Rest of Asia
                                                                                                                 FY25 (excl ZIC)
                           18%
                                                   FY25
                        Other Asia

                                                                27%
                                                                Europe, Middle East, Africa, India




For personal use only                EUROPE




                                                                                                         ASIA




                                                                                                 AUSTRALIA




                                                                                                                          Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   3
                 OUR CRITICAL
                 MINERALS



                 ZIRCON - Zr
                 Iluka is one of the world’s largest producers
                 of zircon. From premium-grade zircon to
                 zircon-in-concentrate, Iluka delivers quality
                 products to a wide range of customers
                 around the world utilising its well-developed
                 logistics and distribution capabilities.
                 Applications for Iluka’s zircon include
                 ceramics, refractory and foundry, and
                 zirconium chemicals.

                 Zircon is a high-performing whitener, stable




For personal use only
                 and non-reactive at high temperatures, and
                 resistant to chemical attack, abrasion and
                 corrosion. Zircon’s key derivatives such
                 as zirconia materials are highly resistant
                 to thermal shock, highly biocompatible,
                 extremely hard, and provide differentiated
                 functional properties to many applications.



                 TITANIUM DIOXIDE - TiO2
                 Iluka is a leading producer of synthetic
                 rutile, an upgraded, value-added form of the
                 mineral ilmenite. The company also produces
                 natural rutile. Collectively, these products are
                 referred to as high-grade titanium dioxide
                 feedstocks, due to their high titanium content.
                 Primary uses are in the manufacturing
                 of pigment for paints, titanium metal and
                 welding.

                 Titanium and titanium dioxide are
                 favoured for their high strength to weight
                 ratio, high melting point, corrosion and
                 chemical resistance, high refractive index,
                 biocompatibility, and UV blocking abilities
                 (absorption and reflection).



                 RARE EARTHS -
                 Nd, Pr, Dy, Tb
                 Iluka has established a significant position
                 in rare earths elements. Rare earths are
                 essential inputs to defence systems, electric
                 and hybrid vehicles, robotics, renewable
                 energy, and consumer, industrial and
                 agricultural applications.

                 The strong outlook for these applications is
                 expected to drive growing market demand
                 for Iluka’s rare earth oxides, particularly
                 neodymium, praseodymium, dysprosium
                 and terbium. Global rare earth production is
                 highly concentrated, which creates inherent
                 risks. Iluka’s Eneabba refinery in Western
                 Australia is an important step in increasing
                 the resilience of global rare earths supply
                 chains.



                 OTHER
                 Iluka recovers and markets products
                 produced as part of its processing activities,
                 including activated carbon, gypsum and iron
                 concentrate.



     4         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        OUR PRODUCT
                        APPLICATIONS


                        RARE EARTHS Nd, Pr, Dy, Tb
                        MINERAL SANDS TiO , Zr         2




                           AEROSPACE                                            HEALTHCARE
                           Zr, TiO2, Nd, Pr, Dy, Tb                             Zr, TiO2, Nd, Pr, Dy, Tb

                           Aircraft engines and frames | spacecraft             Medical implants and instruments | prosthetics |




For personal use only
                                                                                laser technology and imaging


                           AUTOMOTIVE
                                                                                FABRICATION
                           Zr, TiO2, Nd, Pr, Dy, Tb
                                                                                Zr, TiO2
                           Engines | motors | paint | electrics | brake
                           linings/pads | catalytic converters | parking        Ship building | pipeline construction | welding
                           sensors

                                                                                HOME AND PERSONAL
                                                                                APPLICATIONS
                           CERAMICS
                                                                                Zr, TiO2
                           Zr
                                                                                Cosmetics | pharmaceuticals | home
                           Tiles | bathroom fixtures and fittings               appliances | cookware | dishes |
                                                                                glasses | packaging

                           CONSUMER
                           ELECTRONICS                                          INDUSTRIAL
                           Zr, Nd, Pr, Dy, Tb                                   Zr, TiO2
                           Smartphones | computer hard drives |                 Steel and glass production | casting of
                           televisions | lasers | rechargeable batteries |      parts and engines | chemical processing
                           solid-state batteries | watch and mobile phone       components | specialised high-performance
                           casings                                              alloys



                           DEFENCE                                              PIGMENTS AND
                           Zr, Nd, Pr, Dy, Tb                                   CONSTRUCTION
                                                                                Zr, TiO2
                           Advanced weaponry | defence
                           manufacturing | laser range finders |                Paint | inks | plastics | paper | glass fibres |
                           communications | night vision devices |              ceramics | electrical insulators | bricks | cement
                           hypersonic defence components

                                                                                SUSTAINABLE
                           ENERGY AND                                           DEVELOPMENT
                           PHOTOCATALYTICS                                      TECHNOLOGIES
                           Zr, TiO2                                             Zr, Nd, Pr, Dy, Tb

                           Desalination | water and air purification |          Permanent magnets for electric and hybrid
                           light-emitting diodes | solar cells | nuclear fuel   vehicle motors, wind turbine generators |
                           assemblies                                           photovoltaic solar cells | hydrogen electrolysers
                                                                                and solid oxide fuel cells




                                                                                           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   5
                 2025 AT
                 A GLANCE


                 During a period of subdued demand for mineral sands, Iluka maintained operational
                 discipline, which included the suspension of production at Cataby and the SR2 kiln at
                 Capel. The company's inventory position, diversified product offering and Australian
                 operating base ensure Iluka is well positioned to respond when conditions improve.




                                                                                                                                 MARKETS
                         FINANCIALS




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                 & OPERATIONS


                         $976m                                       31%                                                         559kt
                         MINERAL SANDS                               UNDERLYING MINERAL                                          Z/R/SR PRODUCED
                         REVENUE                                     SANDS EBITDA MARGIN
                                                                                                                                 (2024: 496kt)
                         (2024: $1,129m)                             (2024: 42%)




                         $300m                                       $473m                                                       475kt
                         UNDERLYING MINERAL                          MINERAL SANDS NET DEBT                                      Z/R/SR SOLD
                         SANDS EBITDA                                (AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025)
                                                                                                                                 (2024: 475kt)
                         (2024: $477m)                               (2024: net cash $90m)




                         SUSTAINABILITY


                         WINNER                                      FINALIST
                         2025 VIRGINIA                               2025 SOUTH AUSTRALIAN
                         DEPARTMENT OF                               PREMIER’S AWARDS IN
                         ENERGY MINERAL MINE                         ENERGY AND MINING
                         RECLAMATION AWARD
                                                                     (Community and Collaboration, Young
                         (restoration of Old Hickory Mine)           Indigenous Achievers categories)




                          THE COMMENCEMENT OF MINING AT
                          BALRANALD MARKS AN IMPORTANT
                          MILESTONE FOR ILUKA
                          Over the last 15 years, the company has conceptualised, developed, trialled and is now commissioning
                          a novel mining technology to bring the project to fruition.




     6         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        THE YEAR
                        AHEAD


                        With the commencement of mining at Balranald and Iluka’s rare earths business
                        progressing to plan against a favourable external backdrop, the company’s
                        priorities in 2026 include:




For personal use only
                        THE SUCCESSFUL                                    THE EXECUTION                 OPTIMISING THE
                        COMMISSIONING                                     OF THE ENEABBA                COMPANY’S POSITION
                        AND RAMP-UP OF                                    REFINERY                      IN THE MINERAL SANDS
                        BALRANALD                                                                       MARKET TO ULTIMATELY
                                                                                                        SECURE SALES AND
                                                                                                        UNDERPIN THE RE-START
                                                                                                        OF CATABY AND THE SR2
                                                                                                        KILN AT CAPEL




                        PROGRESSION OF THE                                EVALUATION OF THE
                        WIMMERA PROJECT’S                                 TYPHOON SATELLITE
                        DEFINITIVE FEASIBILITY                            DEPOSIT TO EXTEND THE
                        STUDY                                             LIFE OF THE JACINTH-
                                                                          AMBROSIA OPERATION




                                                                                                             Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   7
                 CHAIRMAN'S AND MANAGING
                 DIRECTOR’S REVIEW




                                                                                                                      We also withdrew sales guidance under our
                                                                                                                      long-term synthetic rutile contracts, with
                                                                                                                      existing agreements subsequently adjusted to
                                                                                                                      underpin minimum contracted revenue of $240
                                                                                                                      million in 2026.

                                                                                                                      Zircon sales were comparatively resilient.
                                                                                                                      Pricing, however, was impacted by actions
                                                                                                                      from other producers failing to exercise
                                                                                                                      market discipline. Iluka achieved materially
                                                                                                                      stronger pricing outcomes than competitors,
                                                                                                                      reflecting our differentiated market position




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      and approach.

                                                                                                                      A number of producers and customers
                                                                                                                      reported operating losses and undertook
                                                                                                                      restructuring during the year, often an
                                                                                                                      indication that markets may have reached a
                                                                                                                      bottom. Rio Tinto initiated a strategic review of
                                                                                                                      its RTIT business, by some margin the world’s
                        JAMES MACTIER                                TOM O'LEARY                                      largest merchant producer of titanium dioxide
                                                                                                                      feedstocks. The outcome of this review is likely
                        Chair                                        Managing Director and CEO                        to have lasting consequences for the mineral
                                                                                                                      sands industry.

                                                                                                                      It follows that a range of sector specific and
                                                                                                                      macroeconomic factors could influence
                 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,                                                                                   outcomes for mineral sands companies in the
                                                                                                                      period ahead. Among these is any potential
                 2025 was a tale of two businesses for Iluka       So although external conditions did weigh on       recovery in the US housing market, which has
                 and our respective commodities.                   Iluka’s financial result in 2025 – we recorded a   remained soft for an extended time. Iluka has
                                                                   net loss of $288 million post impairments and      and will continue to prioritise those factors that
                 Mineral sands were impacted by subdued            an underlying mineral sands EBITDA of $300         are within our control. We are well positioned
                 demand and associated developments in the         million – they also validated our approach         to respond when demand conditions improve,
                 pigment industry. Rare earths, by contrast,       to operational settings, capital allocation        demonstrated by our substantial product
                 dominated global headlines and were               and balance sheet management. Through              inventory (valued at more than $1 billion),
                 recognised as a clear priority by investors,      deliberate choices over several years, Iluka       reset cost base, diversified product mix, and
                 consumers and policymakers alike.                 is evolving into a diversified critical minerals   Australian operations.
                                                                   company positioned for long‑term growth and
                 Both outcomes were driven by a business           the delivery of sustainable value.                 BALRANALD: A NEW CHAPTER
                 environment that is now more complex                                                                 IN CRITICAL MINERALS MINING
                 than it has been in decades. Geopolitical
                                                                   MINERAL SANDS MARKETS:                             The Balranald mine in New South Wales is
                 and trade tensions have led to persistent
                                                                   NAVIGATING CYCLICALITY
                 macroeconomic uncertainty. This has                                                                  the latest addition to those operations and
                                                                   WITH DISCIPLINE
                 constrained activity in many sectors, including                                                      entered commissioning in December. Mining
                 construction, which is a key end-use market       Approximately 90% of all titanium dioxide          has now commenced and heavy mineral
                 for mineral sands products. Iluka has acted       feedstocks are consumed by the pigment             concentrate has been produced. Balranald
                 decisively, curtailing production and reducing    industry. This sector faced significant            is an exceptionally high-grade ore body –
                 costs, again demonstrating the discipline that    challenges in 2025, with cyclically low demand     exceeding 50% in the production plan – with
                 is central to our investment proposition.         compounded by plant closures and additional        an assemblage rich in natural rutile and
                                                                   tariffs on imports from China. Several pigment     premium zircon, complemented by valuable
                 In parallel, we have seen the risk of supply      producers experienced financial distress,          light and heavy rare earth credits.
                 disruptions for rare earths manifest, from the    including one Iluka customer that entered
                 theoretical to the concrete, reinforcing the      administration.                                    Situated at approximately 70 metres
                 value and strategic importance of the new                                                            below surface, Balranald represents a
                 business our company has been building            These conditions inevitably affected Iluka’s       milestone in extracting critical minerals from
                 since 2022, with the Eneabba refinery to be       synthetic rutile sales. In response, we            unconsolidated sediments at depth. Over
                 commissioned next year.                           suspended production at our primary synthetic      the past 15 years, Iluka has conceptualised,
                                                                   rutile facility, SR2, as well as at the Cataby     developed, trialled, and is now commissioning
                                                                   mine, which supplies ilmenite feedstock to that    a novel mining technology to make this
                                                                   operation.                                         possible.




     8         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        This investment in research and development          Realising these opportunities depends on            The prospect of offtake under our existing
                        also delivers the benefit of significantly           disciplined execution. Engineering at Eneabba       agreement with Northern Minerals was also
                        reduced environmental disturbance compared           is now more than 95% complete and civil             strengthened by support from the Australian
                        to traditional extraction techniques.                construction is well advanced. All major            and US governments for the development of
                                                                             equipment has been ordered, with much of it         the Browns Range deposit, which contains the
                        Production is expected to ramp up                    arriving on site for early placement ahead of       highest known assemblage of dysprosium and
                        progressively over the first half of 2026, with      installation. Structural, mechanical, piping and    terbium outside China.
                        nameplate capacity targeted for mid year.            instrumentation contracts have been tendered
                        Concentrate will be processed at Iluka’s             and will be awarded in H1 2026. With more
                                                                                                                                 SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT
                        Western Australian facilities, with first finished   than $1 billion already spent or committed, the
                        products expected to enter the market in the         capital estimate to deliver the project remains     Against a backdrop of changing operational
                        second half of the year.                             $1.7–$1.8 billion.                                  settings and increased capital intensity, Iluka




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                 delivered a strong safety and environmental
                                                                             Offtake discussions have progressed                 performance, a testament to the effectiveness
                        RARE EARTHS: POSITIONING
                        ILUKA AND AUSTRALIA IN A                             alongside refinery construction, informed by        of our systems and, ultimately, the
                        RESHAPED SUPPLY CHAIN                                external developments. Our priority remains         professionalism of our people.
                                                                             securing binding agreements with commercial
                        China twice restricted the export of rare earths     customers that deliver mutual benefit – supply      Our Total Recordable Injury Frequency
                        in 2025, including in response to Liberation         security for them, fair value for us, and           Rate decreased from 3.8 to 3.4; and serious
                        Day tariffs implemented by the United States.        protection for both parties against the risk of     potential incidents fell from 14 to 3. We
                        The resulting disruption to supply chains laid       price manipulation.                                 rehabilitated 272 hectares of land across the
                        bare the risks to Western and likeminded                                                                 portfolio and successfully closed the former
                        manufacturing. In that moment, a long-running        Critically, Iluka will be a material producer of    Gingin mine in Western Australia. In the United
                        debate shifted from concept to consequence.          both light and heavy magnet rare earth oxides.      States, rehabilitation of the former Old Hickory/
                        Production lines for critical equipment built by     Our heavy rare earth capability is a meaningful     Concord mine in Virginia was recognised
                        iconic manufacturers were jeopardised. Some          point of differentiation among Western              with a Mineral Mine Reclamation Award,
                        stopped.                                             suppliers, enabling us to offer the full suite      further enhancing Iluka’s credentials in mine
                                                                             of magnet oxides to prospective customers.          rehabilitation, closure and relinquishment.
                        Governments and industry have responded              Moving further down the value chain to
                        with heightened urgency, characterised by            produce rare earth metals would constitute an
                        deeper intervention and stronger international       additional step in this regard. The company’s       OUR FUTURE
                        cooperation to develop supply outside China.         feasibility study into metallisation advanced       These outcomes are an essential part of
                        Most notably, the United States Government           over the course of the year and will conclude       Iluka’s overall commitment to delivering for our
                        partnered with MP Materials to establish a           in 2026.                                            shareholders. While the past year presented
                        price floor for light magnet rare earths. This                                                           challenges on several fronts, the significant
                        mechanism is independent of the Asian Metal          Designed to process a diverse range                 opportunities within our grasp are self-evident.
                        Index and a material acknowledgement                 of feedstocks from both Australian and              We are determined to capture them. And we
                        that sustainable Western supply requires             international sources, the Eneabba refinery         thank you for your continued support.
                        pricing structures grounded in commercial            provides long-term flexibility and reduces
                        fundamentals, not geopolitically distorted           reliance on any single deposit. It is a strategic
                        benchmarks.                                          national asset – one that inverts what has
                                                                             become the typical value addition model in the
                        For Iluka, these developments are significant        Australian resources sector.
                        but unsurprising. Their likelihood informed
                        the final investment decision taken for              Iluka made steady progress on feedstock
                        the Eneabba rare earths refinery in 2022,            development throughout 2025. Internally,
                        including the way the facility is being funded       we advanced the definitive feasibility study
                        and constructed. And their acceleration further      for the Wimmera project in western Victoria,
                        underscores the advantage of our refinery            a potential multi decade source of light and
                        coming online in 2027; the products it will          heavy rare earths. Externally, we finalised
                        deliver; how those products will be priced; and      a concentrate supply agreement with                 JAMES                     TOM O'LEARY
                        the wide range of feedstocks the facility will be    Lindian Resources, which is developing the          MACTIER                   Managing Director
                        capable of processing.                               Kangankunde deposit in Malawi, a major              Chairman                  and CEO
                                                                             source of neodymium and praseodymium.




                        ILUKA IS EVOLVING INTO A DIVERSIFIED CRITICAL MINERALS
                        COMPANY POSITIONED FOR LONG‑TERM GROWTH AND THE
                        DELIVERY OF SUSTAINABLE VALUE



                                                                                                                                            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   9
                 FINANCIAL
                 SUMMARY




                 MINERAL SANDS                                                         UNDERLYING MINERAL                         UNDERLYING NPAT
                 REVENUE                                                               SANDS EBITDA



                 $976 M                                                                $300 M                                     $78 M
                                          1,532.7 1,485.8                                                      849.4                                     599.6

                                 1,238.3




For personal use only
                         1,128.5                                                                                       633.9
                                                                                                       581.8
                975.6
                                                                                               477.3                                             343.3           321.3

                                                                                       299.7
                                                                                                                                         230.6


                                                                                                                                   78




                  2025    2024     2023     2022   2021                                2025     2024    2023    2022    2021      2025   2024     2023    2022    2021



                 Note:        2020-2021 results include Sierra Rutile Limited, which
                              was demerged from the Group in August 2022.




                 MINERAL SANDS REVENUE                                                 UNDERLYING MINERAL                         UNDERLYING NET PROFIT
                                                                                       SANDS EBITDA                               (LOSS) AFTER TAX
                 Iluka’s mineral sands revenue in 2025 was
                 $976 million.                                                         Underlying mineral sands EBITDA was        Iluka reported a net loss after tax of
                                                                                       $300 million. The mineral sands business   $288 million, impacted by subdued mineral
                 Total zircon sales reached 268 thousand                               generated an underlying EBITDA margin of   sands markets, which resulted in an
                 tonnes for the year, including 157 thousand                           31% (2024: 42%).                           impairment of $351 million of assets and
                 tonnes of premium and standard zircon sand.                                                                      $216 million of write-downs of inventory to net
                 Zircon‑in‑concentrate (ZIC) sales contributed                                                                    realisable value. Underlying NPAT was a profit
                 111 thousand tonnes, a 70% increase on the                                                                       of $78 million, excluding these non-cash items.
                 prior year. The weighted average realised                                                                        The underlying profit after tax included an
                 price for premium and standard zircon for the                                                                    earnings contribution of $28 million from Iluka’s
                 year was US$1,643 per tonne, lower than the                                                                      20% interest in Deterra Royalties.
                 prior year, impacted by increased competition
                 from China’s domestic zircon production
                 and aggressive price discounting in H2 by
                 a competitor. A shift in product mix towards
                 ZIC, a lower‑quality material that realises lower
                 prices, also reduced the average realised
                 zircon price of US$1,422 per tonne.

                 Full-year synthetic rutile sales in 2025 of 136
                 thousand tonnes were 32% lower, reflecting
                 subdued market conditions for pigment
                 products and a contractual default by Venator
                 following the idling of their Greatham facility
                 and the company subsequently entering
                 administration.

                 Natural rutile sales reached 71 thousand
                 tonnes for the year, including HyTi and titanium
                 dioxide in concentrate. Sales volumes were
                 57% higher than the prior year, predominantly
                 reflecting increased concentrate volume in line
                 with the accelerated rundown of low-grade
                 material at Narngulu.


     10           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        FREE CASH FLOW                                               NET CASH/(DEBT)                                                    ROE AND ROC




                        $(888) M                                                     $(1,057) M                                                         (12%) (16%)
                                                                                                                                                                               89%
                                                          444.3                                                        484.2                                                   33%

                                                                                                                                                                                      69%




For personal use only
                                                                  299.5                                                                                                               26%
                                                                                                           307.6
                                                                                                                               294.8

                                                                                                                                                                        42%
                                                                                                                                                                        17%
                                                (159.6)                                          90.4                                                           22%
                                      (288.1)
                                                                                                                                                                10%
                                                                                                                         4.4
                                                                                                              (82.2)

                            (887.8)                                                                 (205.0)
                                                                                (473.0)

                                                                                                                                                        (12%)
                                                                                                                                                        (16%)
                                                                                          (583.6)
                            2025       2024      2023     2022    2021                    2025      2024      2023      2022   2021                     2025     2024   2023   2022   2021



                        Note:         2020-2021 results include Sierra Rutile             Mineral Sands net debt                 Rare Earths net debt      ROE          ROC
                                      Limited, which was demerged from the
                                      Group in August 2022.




                        FREE CASH FLOW                                                                                                                  NET CASH (DEBT)

                        The company generated an operating cash                      During the period, Iluka received proceeds                         As at 31 December 2025, the mineral sands
                        flow of $61 million. In response to market                   relating to the redemption of its convertible                      business reported a net debt position of $473
                        conditions, the Group temporarily suspended                  note investment in Northern Minerals. The                          million, compared to $90 million net cash at 31
                        production at Cataby and Synthetic Rutile                    repayment totalled $19 million, representing                       December 2024. The year-on-year movement
                        (SR) kiln 2 from 1 December 2025, while                      the return of the $15 million principal together                   primarily reflects continued capital investment
                        maintaining the ability to restart these                     with accrued interest.                                             associated with Balranald project execution.
                        operations when market conditions improve.                                                                                      As expected, the gearing levels for the rare
                                                                                     Total tax payments of $94 million include $30                      earths business unit continued to increase,
                        Iluka’s 20% stake in Deterra Royalties                       million for 2024 final tax payments, paid in                       with a net debt position of $584 million at 31
                        generated $23 million of cash inflow, which                  the first half of 2025. Iluka expects to be in a                   December 2025, up from a net debt position
                        is fully distributed to Iluka’s shareholders in              tax-refundable position in 2026 based on tax                       of $205 million last year. The Iluka Group
                        accordance with Iluka’s dividend framework.                  payments already made in respect of its 2025                       reported a net debt position of $1,057 million.
                                                                                     financial results, resulting in a refund of $52
                        Capital expenditure was $862 million. This                   million expected in H1 2026 (represented as a
                        included approximately $443 million spent on                 current tax asset in the balance sheet).                           ROE AND ROC
                        the Eneabba rare earths refinery in the year
                        and $361 million on Balranald; approximately                 As a result of continuing significant capital                      The reported loss as a consequence of the
                        $10 million was spent on feasibility studies                 investment, primarily on the Eneabba refinery                      mineral sands business unit and inventory
                        including Wimmera, Tutunup, and other                        and Balranald mineral sands mine, the                              write-down is reflected in a return on
                        deposits, and the remainder on sustaining                    company had a free cash outflow of $888                            shareholders’ equity (ROE) of (12%) and return
                        capital expenditure. In addition, a further                  million during 2025, compared to a free cash                       on capital (ROC) of (16%).
                        $8 million was spent on advancing critical                   outflow of $288 million in 2024.
                        research and development of earlier stage
                        studies, including zircon purification,
                        metallisation study, and other mineral sands
                        opportunities that do not yet qualify as capital
                        expenditure and are captured within operating
                        cash flows.




                                                                                                                                                                         FOR MORE INFO PLEASE VISIT
                                                                                                                                                                         ILUKA.COM




                                                                                                                                                                      Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   11
                 DEBT FACILITIES MATURITY PROFILE                                                                        DIVIDEND FRAMEWORK
                                                                                                                         Iluka’s dividend framework is to pay 100% of
                 MOFA MATURITY PROFILE ($M)                        ENEABBA REFINERY NON-                                 dividends received from Deterra Royalties
                                                                   RECOURSE LOAN FACILITY                                and pay a minimum of 40% of free cash flow
                                                                   MATURITY PROFILE ($M)
                                                                                                                         from the mineral sands business not required
                                                                                                                         for investing or balance sheet activity. The
                 2000                                              2000
                                                                                                                         company also seeks to distribute the maximum
                 1800                                              1800                                   1,650
                                                                                                                         franking credits available. During the year, Iluka
                 1600                                              1600                                                  paid a fully franked interim dividend of 2 cents
                  1400                                             1400                                                  per share and has declared a full year dividend
                  1200                                             1200                                                  of 3 cents per share, fully franked, for 2025.
                 1000                              800             1000
                    800                                             800                                                  HEDGING
                    600                                             600
                                                                                                                         Iluka manages a portion of its foreign exchange
                    400                                             400
                                                                                                                         risk via a foreign exchange hedging program.
                    200                                             200                                                  The Group entered into hedging contracts in
                        0                                             0                                                  March 2025, US$35.6m in collars with a call
                            2026   2027   2028     2029    2030+          2026    2027     2028    2029    2030+
                                                                                                                         strike of 66 cents and a put strike of 59.3 cents,




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         and US$18m in forwards with a forward rate of
                                                                                                                         63.0 cents.
                                                                                                                         In addition, US$309 million of hedging
                                                                                                                         contracts matured during the year, consisting
                                                                                                                         of:
                 MINERAL SANDS                                     RARE EARTHS

                 As at 31 December 2025, Iluka’s mineral           The rare earths business unit has a
                                                                                                                         • US$291 million in foreign exchange collar
                 sands business unit had debt facilities of $930   $1,650 million non-recourse loan facility from
                                                                                                                           contracts consisting of US$291 million of
                 million. This comprised:                          the Australian Government (administered by
                                                                                                                           bought AUD call options with weighted
                                                                   Export Finance Australia) to construct the
                 • $800 million Multi Option Facility                                                                      average strike prices of 68.3 cents and
                                                                   Eneabba refinery, with a term of up to 16 years
                   Agreement (MOFA) being a series of                                                                      US$291 million of sold AUD put options
                                                                   expiring in 2038. The facility includes a
                   committed five-year unsecured bilateral                                                                 with weighted average strike prices of 63.0
                                                                   $400 million tranche that is subject to
                   revolving facilities with several domestic                                                              cents; and
                                                                   securing offtake satisfactory to the Australian
                   and foreign institutions. The MOFA is           Government. As at 31 December 2025, $610              • US$18 million in forward contracts at a
                   denominated in AUD and matures in May           million was drawn against the facility. In              strike price of 63.0 cents.
                   2029. There were $500 million of debt           addition, there is a $150 million overrun facility,
                   drawings under the MOFA at year-end.            to be contributed 50% by Export Finance               Iluka has US$200 million in foreign exchange
                   There was $40 million of the facility           Australia and 50% by Iluka, and this facility         collar contracts in relation to expected USD
                   committed for bank guarantees under the         remains undrawn.                                      revenue from contracted sales to
                   facility; and                                                                                         31 December 2026 which remain open as at
                 • $130 million dedicated bank guarantee           The rare earths business unit had a net debt          31 December 2025, which are detailed in Note
                   facility, of which $118 million was             position of $584 million at 31 December 2025.         22 of Iluka’s Financial Report.
                   committed.
                                                                   Note 16 of Iluka’s Financial Report provides
                 The mineral sands business unit had a net         details of the maturity profile and interest rate
                 debt balance of $473 million.                     exposure.




                 ILUKA DECLARED A FULL YEAR DIVIDEND OF
                 3 CENTS PER SHARE, FULLY FRANKED, FOR 2025




     12           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        STRATEGY AND
                        BUSINESS MODEL




                        The Iluka Plan outlines the company’s purpose, core,
                        direction and values. It is the reference point that guides
                        strategic and business decisions.




                        THE ILUKA PLAN                                                             OUR CORE

                                                                                                      We are a




For personal use only
                                                                                            GLOBAL CRITICAL
                                                                                           MINERALS COMPANY
                                                                                      with expertise in exploration, development,
                                                                                          mining, processing, marketing and
                                                                                                     rehabilitation.
                                                                                                                                       OUR
                                                                                                                                    DIRECTION
                                                           OUR VALUES                                                                   -
                                                                                                                                    NEAR TERM
                                                                Act with
                                                              INTEGRITY                                                             DELIVER TO
                                                                                                                                    GROW OUR
                                                               Demonstrate                                                           FUTURE
                                                               RESPECT
                                                                                                                                     EXECUTE
                                                                Show                                                                 our projects
                                                              COURAGE
                                                                                                                                       EXCEL
                                                             Take                                                                     in our core
                                                        ACCOUNTABILITY
                                                                                                                                     MATURE
                                                          COLLABORATE                                                                our options
                                                                                              OUR DIRECTION
                                                                                                    -
                                                                                               LONGER TERM

                                                                                              GROW WHERE WE
                                                                                              CAN ADD VALUE

                                                                                            Critical minerals opportunities
                                                                                                   and diversification




                        OUR VALUES.                                OUR PURPOSE.

                        Integrity
                                                                   TO DELIVER SUSTAINABLE VALUE.
                        Respect
                        Courage                                    The company aims to achieve this by:
                        Accountability                             • ensuring the safety, health and wellbeing of our employees;
                        Collaboration                              • optimising shareholder returns through prudent capital management and allocation;
                                                                   • developing a robust business that can maintain and grow returns over time;
                                                                   • providing a competitive offering to our customers;
                                                                   • managing our impact on the environment;
                                                                   • supporting the communities in which we operate; and
                                                                   • building and maintaining an engaged, diverse and capable workforce.



                                                                                                                                         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   13
For personal use only




                 FINANCIAL AND                                 IN THIS SECTION


                 OPERATIONAL
                                                               Financial results           15
                                                               Sales and markets           17

                 REVIEW                                        Production and operations
                                                               Project overview
                                                                                           18
                                                                                           21
                                                               Exploration                 22
                                                               Sustainability at Iluka     23
                                                               Business risk management    30




     14           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS




                        INCOME STATEMENT ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                  Full Year          Full Year                   %
                        $ million                                                                                     2025               2024                Change

                        Z/R/SR revenue                                                                               908.3               1,043.4                  (12.9)
                        Ilmenite and other revenue                                                                     67.3                  85.1                 (20.9)
                        Mineral sands revenue                                                                        975.6              1,128.5                  (13.5)

                        Cash costs of production                                                                     (589.1)               (644.0)                  (8.5)




For personal use only
                        By-product costs                                                                               (9.7)                (16.4)                (40.9)
                        Inventory movement - cash costs of production                                                 153.4                 179.9                 (14.7)
                        Purchased inventory                                                                            (19.1)                    -                  n/a
                        Operational readiness                                                                         (30.3)                  (7.3)                 n/a
                        Idle capacity charges                                                                         (32.2)                (28.0)                 15.0
                        Government royalties                                                                          (33.5)                 (35.1)                 (4.6)
                        Marketing and selling costs       1
                                                                                                                      (29.5)                (32.5)                  (9.2)
                        Asset sales and other income                                                                    0.8                   0.9                  (11.1)
                        Major projects, exploration, and innovation                                                   (37.0)                (40.0)                  (7.5)
                        Corporate and other costs                                                                     (34.2)                (48.6)                (29.6)
                        Foreign exchange                                                                              (15.5)                 19.9                   n/a

                        Underlying mineral sands EBITDA                                                              299.7                477.3                  (37.2)

                        Share of profit of associate                                                                   29.6                  21.5                  37.7

                        Underlying Group EBITDA                                                                      329.3                498.8                  (34.0)

                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                (232.5)               (192.2)                 21.0
                        Inventory movement - non-cash production costs                                                 46.0                  48.2                   (4.6)
                        NRV write down                                                                               (215.6)                     -                  n/a
                        Rehabilitation costs for closed sites                                                          25.9                   5.2                   n/a
                        Gain/(loss) on revaluation of investments                                                      11.8                   (4.5)                 n/a
                        Net impairment                                                                               (350.6)                     -                  n/a
                        Group EBIT                                                                                  (385.7)               355.5                     n/a

                        Net interest and bank charges                                                                 (14.3)                  6.5                   n/a

                        Rehabilitation unwind and other finance costs                                                 (27.2)                (36.7)                (25.9)
                        (Loss)/profit before tax                                                                    (427.2)               325.3                     n/a

                        Tax expense                                                                                   138.8                 (94.0)                  n/a

                        (Loss)/profit for the period (NPAT)                                                         (288.4)               231.3                     n/a


                        Average AUD/USD rate for the period (cents)                                                   64.5                  66.0                  (2.3)




                                    INVESTING IN GROWTH                                                               FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE VISIT
                                    The company continued to invest in growth through the Balranald and Eneabba
                                                                                                                      ILUKA.COM
                                    developments, with full-year capital expenditure of $862 million.




                                                                                                                                Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   15
                 MOVEMENT IN UNDERLYING NPAT
                                                                                                                         Full Year          Full Year                 %
                   $ million                                                                                                 2025               2024              Change

                   NPAT                                                                                                     (288.4)              231.3
                   Non-recurring adjustments:                                                                                                                           n/a
                   Rehabilitation for closed sites - Total (post tax)                                                         (18.1)               (5.2)                n/a
                   Revaluation of Northern Minerals                                                                          (11.8)                4.5                  n/a
                   Impairments                                                                                               245.4                    -                 n/a
                   NRV revaluation of inventories                                                                            150.9                    -                 n/a

                   Underlying NPAT                                                                                           78.0               230.6               (66.2)




                 Sales commentary is contained on page 17.




For personal use only
                 OVERVIEW
                 The mineral sands market experienced                   Unit cost of goods sold (excluding NRV)               Major project, exploration and innovation
                 sustained subdued demand during 2025,                  increased by 7% to $1,274 per tonne in                spend included lower research and
                 with lower levels of global economic activity          2025. This predominantly reflects higher              development spend to allow focus on
                 continuing to weigh on customer purchasing             Jacinth-Ambrosia heavy mineral concentrate            Balranald execution and the ongoing Eneabba
                 behaviour. In response to these conditions,            (HMC) costs on lower grade and recovery.              refinery development, and a slight slowing of
                 management announced the decision to                   Depreciation and amortisation also increased,         major project spend activity in Australia.
                 suspend production activities at Cataby and            driven by commencement of depreciation on
                 SR2, effective 1 December 2025, to preserve            new and replacement assets. These impacts             The Group recorded a tax benefit of
                 balance sheet strength. An impairment charge           were partially offset by a favourable shift in        $139 million in 2025. The tax benefit rate of
                 of $351 million and an NRV write-down of               product mix towards ZIC volumes, which have           32% on the pre-tax loss of $428m exceeds the
                 $216 million on inventory were recognised to           lower unit costs.                                     Australian corporate tax rate of 30% because
                 reflect updated assumptions and outlook.                                                                     the equity-accounted profit from Deterra
                                                                        Idle, restructure, disposals, and other               Royalties is non-assessable for tax purposes,
                 Exchange rate variances relate to AUD:USD              amounts increased year-on-year due to                 which increases the tax loss relative to the
                 translation of sales, which are predominantly          $31 million in operational ramp-up expenses           accounting loss. In a profit scenario, this
                 sold in USD currency. The Australian dollar            incurred in preparation for Balranald                 treatment would result in an effective tax rate
                 was volatile again in 2025, with a range               commissioning and the decision to suspend             below 30%.
                 from 67.2 cents to 59.4 cents. On average,             production at Cataby and SR2, effective 1
                 the exchange rate was 64.5 cents for 2025,             December 2025. 2024 idle costs included               Rehabilitation unwind and other costs
                 compared to an average in 2024 of 66.0 cents.          some one-off costs related to SR1 kiln                decreased due to a higher discount rate
                 Due to timing of sales, the Group’s Australian         major maintenance works and the six-week              aligned to movements in the Australian
                 dollar revenue was adversely impacted by               shutdown of the Narngulu mineral separation           Government bond yields and lower inflation
                 exchange differences compared to 2024. The             plant (MSP) during H1 2024.                           assumptions, both of which reduced the
                 Group hedges a portion of its USD sales to                                                                   rehabilitation liability recognised.
                 assist in managing exchange rate exposure,             Corporate cost reflects expenses to operate,
                 which is detailed on page 12 of this report.           govern and grow the business. Lower costs
                                                                        compared to the prior year were primarily
                 Cash costs of production decreased by                  driven by reductions in spend resulting from
                 9% from the prior year with unit cash cost per         H2 2024 restructure of support functions and
                 tonne of Z/R/SR produced decreasing by 19%             cost review. The Group conducted a further
                 to $1,054 per tonne, reflecting operational            review in H2 2025, which will further reduce
                 efficiency and the impact of higher ZIC                2026 spend on support costs.
                 production volume on unit cost absorption
                 and lower spend following the suspension of            Marketing and selling costs decreased year-
                 Cataby and SR2 in December.                            on-year due to lower sales volume reducing
                                                                        the associated logistic costs and royalties.




     16           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        SALES AND MARKETS




                        Macroeconomic conditions in 2025 remained challenging, continuing the pattern of subdued global activity seen during 2023 and 2024. While inflation
                        eased in several regions, higher‑for‑longer interest rates, geopolitical instability, and uncertainty surrounding global trade policy constrained consumer
                        confidence and slowed industrial demand. This environment influenced purchasing behaviours across the mineral sands value chain, with many
                        customers opting to buy only what was required for near‑term consumption.




For personal use only
                        ZIRCON                                                       HIGH-GRADE TITANIUM                                 Demand for titanium sponge remained robust
                                                                                     FEEDSTOCKS                                          but this did not translate to additional demand
                        Iluka's total zircon sales of 268 thousand                                                                       as companies worked through inventory. The
                        tonnes for the year were up 16% from 2024.                   Iluka’s total sales of high-grade titanium          welding segment continued to experience
                        Sales included 111 thousand tonnes of zircon-                feedstocks were 156 thousand tonnes, down           pricing pressure due to significant growth in
                        in-concentrate.                                              36% from 2024. This included 20 thousand            Chinese exports.
                                                                                     tonnes of rutile sales and 136 thousand tonnes
                        Demand from ceramics was impacted by                         of synthetic rutile sales.                          On the supply side, while Chinese concentrate
                        ongoing weakness in the Chinese property                                                                         imports from African countries continue to
                        sector. This contrasted with India and Europe,               Demand for high-grade feedstocks was                increase, significant uncertainty surrounds
                        where demand was more resilient.                             negatively influenced by the difficult conditions   the future of key producers and projects,
                                                                                     in the global titanium dioxide pigment market.      both material to the industry supply/demand
                        Fused zirconia prices in China declined as                   With most pigment producers operating at            situation.
                        suppliers lowered their offers amid subdued                  reduced production rates, 2025 also saw
                        market sentiment and elevated inventory                      pigment capacity removed from the market,           In response to these conditions, Iluka idled
                        levels.                                                      with Venator entering administration and            its synthetic rutile production capacity,
                                                                                     some Chinese production being idled. China’s        aligning production with market demand and
                        Zircon prices softened over the second half                  pigment industry also faced constraints, after      preserving value during this period of industry
                        of 2025 in particular, pressured by aggressive               final anti-dumping rulings were issued across       adjustment.
                        price cuts implemented by major competitors.                 Europe, Brazil, and Saudi Arabia, altering
                        Customers remain cautious amid shifting                      established trade patterns.
                        economic and political conditions, choosing to
                        minimise year‑end inventory exposure.                        Within this environment, pigment producers
                                                                                     adopted conservative operating strategies,
                        Total zircon revenue for the year was                        reducing inventories, limiting purchases to
                        US$381 million, representing a marginal                      match end use demand, and conserving cash.
                        decline of approximately 3.7% compared to
                        2024. The company achieved a weighted
                        average zircon sand price (premium and
                        standard) of US$1,643 per tonne.




                        Mining has commenced at Balranald and heavy mineral concentrate has been produced.


                                                                                                                                                  Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   17
                 PRODUCTION AND
                 OPERATIONS




                 MINERAL SANDS

                 Iluka's mineral sands operations are located                           In September, Iluka announced changes to                        The Narngulu MSP in Western Australia
                 in Australia. The company is committed to                              its Australian operational settings in response                 processed 482 thousand tonnes of HMC from
                 safe and sustainable operations and strives to                         to weaker demand in the titanium dioxide                        Cataby and Jacinth-Ambrosia, up 11% on
                 optimise production to meet market demand                              market, especially relating to pigment, with                    2024. The improvement reflects increased
                 while continuously driving operational and                             production activities at the Cataby mine and                    plant utilisation relative to prior period,
                 technical excellence.                                                  Synthetic Rutile kiln 2 (SR2) suspended from                    which was impacted by a six-week planned
                                                                                        1 December 2025. Cataby produced 544                            maintenance outage. ZIC production ramped
                 Iluka’s operations produced 270 thousand                               thousand tonnes of HMC and SR2 delivered                        up substantially to 111 thousand tonnes,




For personal use only
                 tonnes of zircon, 79 thousand tonnes of rutile,                        210 thousand tonnes of synthetic rutile in 2025.                increasing by 61% compared to the prior year,
                 and 210 thousand tonnes of synthetic rutile.                           SR1 production remained offline in 2025.                        reflecting the successful acceleration of this
                                                                                                                                                        lower-grade materials run-down.
                                                                                        Mining and concentrating at Jacinth-Ambrosia
                                                                                        in South Australia produced 292 thousand
                                                                                        tonnes of HMC, up 12% on 2024, reflecting
                                                                                        improved plant performance through the year
                                                                                        and higher ore fed.



                        ZIRCON                                           RUTILE                                           SYNTHETIC RUTILE                                ILMENITE
                        Production volumes (kt)                          Production volumes (kt)                          Production volumes (kt)                         Production volumes (kt)



                                      327           324                                                 197                               260                                                   591
                                             299                                                                                                 238                                                    564
                                                                                                                          210      211
                        270                                                                                                                              199                             461
                               227                                                                                                                                                398
                                                                                                                                                                           335
                                                                          79

                                                                                 58       53     55



                        2025   2024   2023   2022    2021                2025    2024     2023   2022   2021               2025    2024   2023   2022     2021             2025   2024   2023   2022    2021


                        Note: 2020-2021 volumes include Sierra Rutile Limited, which was demerged from the Group in August 2022.




                                                                                                                                                 Full Year             Full Year
                    Production (kt)                                                                                                                  2025                  2024            % Change

                    Zircon                                                                                                                           270.3                 227.2                       19.0
                    Rutile                                                                                                                              78.9                 57.8                      36.5
                    Synthetic rutile                                                                                                                209.9                  211.2                        (0.6)
                    Total Z/R/SR production                                                                                                         559.1                 496.2                        12.7

                    Ilmenite                                                                                                                        335.3                  398.1                       (15.8)
                    Total mineral sands production                                                                                                  894.4                 894.3                         0.0

                    HMC produced                                                                                                                         905                 951                        (4.8)
                    HMC processed                                                                                                                        788                 752                        4.7
                    Cash costs of production, excluding ilmenite and by-products ($m)                                                               589.1                 644.0                        (8.5)

                    Unit cash cost per tonne of Z/R/SR produced excluding by-products ($/t)                                                          1,054                 1,298                       (18.8)
                    Unit cost of goods sold per tonne of Z/R/SR sold ($/t)                                                                              1,274              1,190                         7.1



                 IDLE OPERATIONS

                 Discontinued and idle operations reflect rehabilitation obligations in the United States (Florida and Virginia) and certain idle assets in Australia with no
                 clear path to restart (Murray Basin).


     18           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        MOVEMENT IN NET (DEBT)/CASH - MINERAL SANDS


                        $m                                         FY 2025      H1 2025      H2 2025      FY 2024         H1 2024           H2 2024

                        Opening net cash                              90.4         90.4       (163.9)       307.6            307.6             281.6

                        Operating cash flow                            60.8        114.7        (53.9)       252.4             188.0               64.4
                        Exploration                                   (14.6)        (6.3)         (8.3)       (12.1)              (7.2)             (4.9)
                        Interest (net)                                  (9.9)        (1.7)       (8.2)         12.1                7.0               5.1
                        Tax                                           (93.8)       (70.8)       (23.0)      (128.8)             (76.2)            (52.6)
                        Capital expenditure                          (419.1)      (223.4)      (195.7)      (274.3)           (123.8)           (150.5)
                        Principal element of lease payments           (10.5)         (5.1)        (5.4)        (8.4)             (3.3)              (5.1)
                        Asset sales                                      1.5          1.0          0.5          0.2                0.2                 -
                        Share purchases                                 (0.5)       (0.5)            -            -                  -                 -
                        Redemption of convertible note                 18.5             -        18.5             -                  -                 -
                        Free cash flow - Mineral Sands              (467.6)      (192.1)      (275.5)      (158.9)            (15.3)           (143.6)

                        Dividends received -Deterra                    23.3          9.5         13.8         30.8              15.8              15.0




For personal use only
                        Rare Earths equity funding                    (94.4)       (55.4)       (39.0)       (50.3)              (8.1)           (42.2)
                        Free cash flow                              (538.7)      (238.0)      (300.7)      (178.4)              (7.6)          (170.8)

                        Dividends                                     (25.2)       (16.9)        (8.3)       (33.6)            (16.7)            (16.9)
                        Net cash flow                               (563.9)      (254.9)      (309.0)      (212.0)            (24.3)           (187.7)

                        Exchange revaluation of USD net debt            1.1          0.9          0.2         (2.0)               1.0              (3.0)
                        Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs       (0.6)        (0.3)        (0.3)        (3.2)              (2.7)             (0.5)
                        Increase in net cash/(debt)                 (563.4)      (254.3)      (309.1)      (217.2)            (26.0)           (191.2)

                        Closing net cash/(debt)                     (473.0)      (163.9)      (473.0)        90.4            281.6               90.4




                        MOVEMENT IN NET (DEBT)/CASH - RARE EARTHS


                        $m                                         FY 2025      H1 2025      H2 2025      FY 2024         H1 2024           H2 2024

                        Opening net cash                            (205.0)      (205.0)      (338.5)       (82.2)           (82.2)           (127.2)

                        Operating cash flow                               -          0.0              -       (0.3)              1.2               (1.5)
                        Capital expenditure                          (443.0)      (178.5)      (264.5)      (159.5)            (48.7)           (110.8)
                        Principal element of lease payments            (0.5)         (0.1)        (0.4)       (0.2)              (0.1)             (0.1)
                        Free cash flow - Rare Earths                (443.5)      (178.6)      (264.9)      (160.0)            (47.6)           (112.4)
                        Proceeds from issue of ordinary shares        94.4          55.4         39.0         50.3                8.1             42.2
                        Net cash flow                               (349.1)      (123.2)      (225.9)      (109.7)            (39.5)            (70.2)
                        Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs       (0.5)        (0.2)        (0.3)        (0.2)              (0.1)             (0.1)
                        EFA interest capitalised to refinery          (29.0)       (10.1)       (18.9)       (12.9)              (5.4)             (7.5)
                        Increase in net cash/(debt)                 (378.6)      (133.5)      (245.1)      (122.8)            (45.0)            (77.8)

                        Closing net cash/(debt)                     (583.6)      (338.5)      (583.6)      (205.0)          (127.2)            (205.0)




                                                                                                               Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   19
                 NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                Non-operating
                                                               Mineral       Rare                     Total         (Including
                                                                Sands      Earths     US/MB       operating        corporate)        Group

                   Mineral sands revenue                          966.4         -         9.2         975.6                   -        975.6
                   Freight revenue                                 39.8         -           -          39.8                   -          39.8
                   Expenses                                      (604.4)      0.3       (19.0)        623.1               (42.9)      (666.0)
                   Share of profits in associate                      -         -           -             -                29.6          29.6
                   FX                                                 -         -           -             -               (15.5)        (15.5)
                   Corporate costs                                    -         -           -             -               (34.2)       (34.2)
                   EBITDA                                       401.8         0.3       (9.8)         392.3              (63.0)       329.3

                   Depn & Amort                                  (228.9)         -       (0.6)        (229.5)              (3.0)      (232.5)
                   Inventory movement - non-cash                   46.0          -       (0.0)          46.0                  -         46.0
                   Rehabilitation for closed sites                 20.8          -        5.1           25.9                  -         25.9
                   Revaluation on investments                         -          -          -              -               11.8         11.8




For personal use only
                   Impairment of assets                          (314.7)         -      (25.6)        (340.3)             (10.3)      (350.6)
                   NRV write-down                                (215.6)         -            -       (215.6)                   -     (215.6)
                   EBIT                                         (290.6)       0.3      (30.9)        (321.2)             (64.5)      (385.7)

                   Net interest costs                                  -         -       (0.2)          (0.2)             (14.1)        (14.3)
                   Rehab unwind and other finance costs           (26.6)      (0.8)       1.2          (26.2)              (1.0)        (27.2)
                   Profit before tax                            (317.2)      (0.5)     (29.9)        (347.6)             (79.6)      (427.2)

                   Segment result                               (317.2)      (0.5)     (29.9)        (347.6)               n/a       (427.2)




                 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS RECONCILIATION

                                                                                                    Mineral              Rare          Total
                   $m                                                                                Sands             Earths       FY 2025
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                           25.5               20.2         45.7

                   Non-current interest-bearing liabilities                                           (498.5)            (603.8)     (1,102.3)
                   Closing net (debt)/cash                                                           (473.0)            (583.6)     (1,056.6)




     20           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        PROJECT OVERVIEW




                        BALRANALD                                        ENEABBA RARE EARTHS                                    WIMMERA
                                                                         REFINERY
                        Balranald, New South Wales                                                                              Wimmera region, Victoria
                        Located in south western New South Wales,        Eneabba, Western Australia                             The Wimmera project involves the mining and
                        Balranald is a high-grade critical minerals      Iluka is building Australia’s first fully-integrated   beneficiation of a fine-grained heavy mineral
                        deposit rich in natural rutile and premium       refinery for the production of separated rare          sands ore body in western Victoria for the
                        zircon, accompanied by important light and       earth oxides at Eneabba in Western Australia.          potential long-term supply of rare earths and




For personal use only
                        heavy rare earths.                               This is taking place via a strategic partnership       zircon. Wimmera’s rare earths are an important
                                                                         between Iluka and the Australian Government,           potential future feedstock for the Eneabba
                        Over the last 15 years, Iluka has developed,     with a non-recourse loan to Iluka under the            refinery.
                        trialled and is now commissioning a novel        Critical Minerals Facility administered by
                        remotely-operated underground mining             Export Finance Australia.                              The project is currently in the definitive
                        technology in order to access the deposit,                                                              feasibility study (DFS) stage and an
                        which is located approximately 70 metres         Construction of the refinery accelerated               Environment Effects Statement (EES) is being
                        below the surface within a hyper-saline water    during 2025.Detailed earthworks concluded              prepared for submission to the Victorian
                        table. This new technology also helps to         in the first half of the year, concrete works          Government during 2026.
                        significantly reduce environmental disturbance   progressed (with more than 21,000m3 of
                        relative to traditional extraction techniques.   concrete poured), and equipment began to               Detailed engineering began in 2025 after WSP
                                                                         arrive on site for placement.                          was selected as the major engineering service
                        Construction work progressed safely through                                                             provider under an Integrated Owner's Team
                        2025, with the focus during the final months     Progressive completion of plant areas enabled          (IOT) model.
                        of the year on commissioning the mining          the installation of mechanical equipment, pipe
                        equipment and the processing plant. The full     rack modules, tanks and buildings, providing a         Iluka has successfully tested the flowsheet
                        complement of commissioning and operational      solid foundation for subsequent works.                 developed for the project and produced
                        staff was on site by October, with local and                                                            finished zircon products. Customer testing has
                        regional recruitment particularly strong.        Major equipment deliveries to site continue,           confirmed ~40% of extracted zircon sand is
                        Construction of the solar farm began in mid-     with the roaster kiln due at site in H1 2026.          suitable for ceramics, with markets identified
                        October, supporting Iluka’s renewable energy     The remaining contract awards relate to                for ~60% of all zircon extracted.
                        strategy and broader sustainability goals.       structural, mechanical, piping, electrical and
                                                                         instrumentation (SMPEI), which were tendered           The company announced an increase to
                        Mining and processing of run-of-mine ore         in Q4 2025 and are scheduled for award in H1           the Wimmera resource following additional
                        commenced in January 2026. Iluka expects to      2026. The lining of the tailings disposal facility     exploration and deposit modelling in January
                        progressively ramp up mining and production      has also been completed.                               2026.
                        of heavy mineral concentrate to steady-state
                        by mid-2026.                                     Operational readiness activities are well
                                                                         underway, building the foundations for a
                        Given its geology and final product mix, the     competent, capable and highly-skilled                  THE PROJECT IS
                        successful construction and commissioning of     workforce. The Ngulya accommodation village            CURRENTLY IN THE
                        Balranald is an important development for both   was expanded to offer an additional 192                DEFINITIVE FEASIBILITY
                        Iluka and the broader mineral sands industry.    rooms, and the kitchen, gym and recreation             STUDY STAGE
                                                                         room were upgraded.

                                                                         In parallel, the company has advanced
                        ILUKA EXPECTS TO                                 discussions with prospective customers
                        PROGRESSIVELY RAMP UP                            regarding offtake arrangements and continued
                        MINING AND PRODUCTION                            work developing internal and external
                        TO STEADY-STATE BY                               feedstock options.
                        MID-2026
                                                                         Iluka is continuing a feasibility study into
                                                                         metallisation and this is expected to be
                                                                         completed in 2026. Upon commissioning in
                                                                         2027, the Eneabba rare earths refinery will be
                                                                         one of the few rare earths refineries operating
                                                                         outside of China; a multi-decade infrastructure
                                                                         asset capable of processing a diverse range
                                                                         of feedstocks, from Australian and international
                                                                         projects, and producing both light and heavy
                                                                         separated rare earth oxides.



                                                                         AUSTRALIA'S FIRST
                                                                         FULLY-INTEGRATED
                                                                         RARE EARTHS REFINERY


                                                                                                                                         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   21
                 EXPLORATION




                 GENERATION AND EXTERNAL OPPORTUNITIES

                 Iluka continued to advance exploration initiatives across Australia and North America to strengthen and diversify the company’s project pipeline with a
                 focus on greenfields and brownfields exploration programs to generate and test rare earths and mineral sands targets.




For personal use only
                 AUSTRALIA                                                 Iluka advanced its rare earth exploration             In the Georgia Embayment, 78 drillholes (1,296
                                                                           activities in the Northern Territory throughout       metres) tested shallow fluvial terrace deposits
                 In Australia, exploration activity throughout             2025. The programs included geological                containing monazite, zircon, and rutile. High-
                 2025 concentrated on improving geological                 mapping, soil and rock sampling, and a                value assemblages were confirmed, but low
                 confidence across heavy mineral (HM)                      ground gravity survey, all conducted at               HM grades and limited scale constrained
                 deposits and progressing rare earth programs              Supplejack. These initiatives identified rare         economic potential.
                 in the Northern Territory.                                earth element (REE) mineral occurrences
                                                                           and outlined a large, anomalous geochemical           Following the 2024 Exploration Agreement with
                 In the Eucla Basin of South Australia, drilling           footprint. Further assessment is now planned          Megado Minerals Limited for the North Fork
                 was undertaken to support geological                      for several high-priority REE targets in 2026.        Rare Earth Project, Iluka executed unmanned
                 interpretation and metallurgical assessment at                                                                  aerial vehicle geophysical surveys, geological
                 the Ambrosia, Typhoon, and Sonoran deposits.              Across Australia, a total of 305 drillholes for       mapping and soil sampling across the claim
                 A total of 175 holes for 5,606 metres were                10,321 metres were completed. Additional              package. These surveys identified several new
                 completed. Regional greenfields activities in             data acquisition included 5,679 gravity               carbonatite occurrences and multiple priority
                 the Eucla Basin were also advanced, including             stations and 1,386 surface assay samples.             geophysical targets.
                 a trial radon emanation survey and ecological
                 assessments at the Immarna prospect area.                                                                       Further regional assessment was completed
                                                                           UNITED STATES                                         to identify further IREB targets outside of North
                 In New South Wales, a program of 24 holes                                                                       Fork. Field inspections completed during
                 for 1,797 metres confirmed grade continuity               In the United States, exploration focused             2025 confirmed the Little 8 Mile prospect
                 and geomorphological characteristics of HM                on monazite bearing dry mill tailings (DMT)           as prospective resulting in the staking of
                 placer-style mineralisation.                              at Green Cove Springs, mineral sands                  154 mineral claims across Bureau of Land
                                                                           targets in the Georgia Embayment, and REE             Management and US Forest Service ground.
                 At Cataby in Western Australia, drilling                  opportunities within the Idaho Rare Earth Belt
                 supported life-of-mine planning and future                (IREB).
                 pit definition with a total of 94 holes for 2,906
                 metres drilled.                                           At Green Cove Springs, 63 sonic drillholes
                                                                           totaling 884 metres were completed early in
                                                                           the year. Results indicated the DMT pile hosts
                                                                           approximately 1.8Mt of material at 20% HM
                                                                           containing 1.7% monazite. However, economic
                                                                           assessment determined that development                EXPLORATION AND
                                                                           would be challenged by limited value uplift and       GEOLOGY EXPENDITURE 2025
                                                                           complexity associated with humate-rich layers.
                                                                                                                                 $4.2m                                         $6.0m
                                                                                                                                 Operations and                      Australian exploration
                 TENURE POSITION                                                                                                 project support

                 as at 31 December 2025

                                                Granted tenement                                 Tenement application
                   Jurisdiction                        area (km2)                                          area (km2)
                   WA                                            1,359                                                 1,610                          $14.6M
                                                                                                                                                          TOTAL
                   NSW                                           3,571                                                       0
                                                                                                                                                   Exploration and Geology
                   NT                                            3,104                                                 3,428                             expenditure
                                                                                                                                                             2025
                   SA                                          12,544                                                        0
                   QLD                                               723                                                     0
                   VIC                                           1,024                                                   299
                   USA                                                52                                                     0                                                 $4.4m
                                                                                                                                                                              International
                                                                                                                                                                                exploration
                   Total                                       22,376                                                 5,337




     22           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                          SUSTAINABILITY AT ILUKA
                          (non-mandatory, non-climate related disclosures )




For personal use only
                          This section covers Iluka’s non-mandatory
                          sustainability disclosures, including health and
                          safety, people, environment and communities,
                          for the year ended 31 December 2025. The
                          non-mandatory sustainability disclosures
                          are for Iluka Resources Limited and its
                          subsidiaries (collectively, 'Iluka’). Information
                          in the Annual Report forms part of, and can be
                          read in conjunction with, this section.

                          A complete set of climate-related
                          financial disclosures, required under
                          AASB S2, is covered separately at
                          page 66 in the section “Sustainability
                          Report (Climate-related Financial
                          Disclosures)”.

                          Iluka’s goal is to be a safe, responsible and
                          sustainable supplier of critical minerals. To
                          achieve this, Iluka prioritises:
                          • Our people and communities:
                               Engaging and building the capability of
                               Iluka’s workforce, prioritising health, safety,
                               and wellbeing, and maintaining open,
                               respectful and consistent relationships with
                               the communities in which Iluka operates.

                          • Our environment:
                               Being cognisant of the environmental
                               impact of Iluka’s operations, through land
                               disturbance, water usage and treatment
                               of waste and maximising operational
                               efficiency.

                          Iluka integrates sustainability into everyday
                          business practices and seeks to continuously
                          improve performance. This commitment is
                          supported by transparency, ethical behaviour,
                          and adherence to high standards of corporate
                          governance through fit-for-purpose systems
                          and processes. The company’s sustainability
                          approach is aligned with recognised principles
                          and frameworks and contributes to the United                                                                A TRACK RECORD IN MINE REHABILITATION
                          Nations Sustainable Development Goals.
                                                                                                                                      Rehabilitation programs continued across Australia during 2025,
                                                                                                                                      including at Iluka's Douglas site in Victoria.




                        1. Riam, que net hit, apis inverum sam, ut estionsedit pa dolum faccus sed esedita temporestrum volo blabo. Itatium et audanim aximus et pore ped quasperunt alibus eicipsant et di ut fugitatet
                           dicidus rehent etus audam, quiandu ntibusc illupta debt que net hit, apis inverum sam, ut estionsedit pa dolum faccus sed esedita temporestrum volo blabo. Itatium et audanim.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   23
                 ILUKA AIMS TO CREATE AN ENGAGED, DIVERSE,
                 INCLUSIVE AND CAPABLE WORKFORCE

                 GOVERNANCE                                                           OUR PEOPLE AND                            HEALTH, SAFETY AND
                                                                                      COMMUNITIES                               WELLBEING
                 The Iluka Board Sustainability Committee
                 assists the Board in reviewing progress made                                                                   The health, safety and wellbeing of
                 against, and monitoring effectiveness of,                                                                      Iluka's people are the company's
                 company strategies, policies, and standards                                                                    highest priorities.
                 as they relate to sustainability. Responsibilities                   HIGHLIGHTS
                 include oversight of performance, compliance
                                                                                                                                Iluka’s approach to health, safety and wellbeing
                 with legislation, and management of health,
                                                                                                                                is built around a culture in which all employees
                 safety, environmental, social and governance
                 risks and impacts.                                                   3.4                                       are leaders in promoting and enabling a safe
                                                                                                                                working environment. The 2025 Employee
                                                                                      Total Recordable Injury                   Engagement Survey confirmed that employees
                                                                                      Frequency Rate (TRIFR)                    agree Iluka is a safe place to work, with 92%
                 REPORTING OUR                                                                                                  of participants reporting they feel comfortable
                 PERFORMANCE                                                          (3.8 in 2024)
                                                                                                                                stopping work if they identify anything unsafe.




For personal use only
                 This report summarises Iluka’s performance
                 for material topics determined by the 2025                                                                     In 2025 there was an increase in construction
                 sustainability materiality assessment, as
                 outlined in the separate 2025 Sustainability
                                                                                      3                                         activity at Iluka’s Balranald and Eneabba
                                                                                                                                projects (total work hours for the year
                 Data Book (non-mandatory disclosures)¹,                              Serious Potential Incidents (SPI)         increased by approximately 30%). Effective
                 referred to as ‘Data Book’. The company’s                                                                      management of this higher risk activity, in
                                                                                      (14 in 2024)                              partnership with contractors, was a priority for
                 approach to managing the material topics,
                 case studies, and the Data Book outlining                                                                      senior leadership during the year. There were
                 key performance information for 2025 and                                                                       three SPIs during 2025 (down from 14 in 2024)
                 historical reporting periods are available at
                 www.iluka.com.
                                                                                      23%                                       and TRIFR decreased to 3.4 in 2025 (from
                                                                                                                                3.8 in 2024). The majority of injuries related to
                                                                                      Women representation                      hand and musculoskeletal injuries. Specific
                 Iluka has reported non-mandatory                                     across workforce                          programs and campaigns to target injury areas
                 sustainability disclosures using guidance from                       (24% in 2024)                             were rolled out through 2025.
                 the Global Reporting Index (GRI) Standards,
                 including GRI 14: Mining Sector 2024, for the                                                                  The company’s Health, Safety, Environment
                 period 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025.                                                                     and Community Management System defines
                                                                                                                                minimum standards for identifying, assessing,
                                                                                      4.0%
                 Refer to the GRI content index in the 2025 Data
                 Book.                                                                                                          and controlling risks, reducing the potential for
                                                                                                                                occupational illness and injury, and promoting
                                                                                      Aboriginal and Torres Strait              healthy lifestyles. Health and safety programs
                                                                                      Islander peoples in total Australian      provide a framework, tools and training to
                                                                                      workforce, including 19.8% at             support employees in their roles:
                                                                                      Jacinth-Ambrosia
                                                                                                                                • Iluka’s Switched-On program, launched
                                                                                      (4.2% and 17% respectively in 2024)         in 2024, promotes a mindset for team
                                                                                                                                  collaboration and innovation to achieve a
                                                                                                                                  material shift in safety performance. The
                                                                                                                                  program advocates that ‘safety isn’t about
                                                                                      67%                                         protecting employees from something, but
                                                                                                                                  for something.’ In 2025, Iluka focused on the
                                                                                      Employee Engagement                         quality of the program outputs, including
                                                                                      score maintained                            pre-start meetings and team discussions on
                                                                                      with 67% of employees participating         risks associated with work activities.
                                                                                                                                •   Critical Control Management (CCM)
                                                                                                                                    facilitates the mitigation of fatality
                                                                                                                                    risk across operations. CCM system
                                                                                      90+                                           improvements in 2025 included the
                                                                                                                                    capability to immediately review and assess
                                                                                      Community projects supported via              performance and trends in CCM data.
                                                                                      Iluka Lends a Hand grants program             Operational and project teams completed
                                                                                      (an increase on 60 from 2024)                 more than 13,000 Critical Control Checks
                                                                                                                                    and 7,000 Critical Control Verifications
                                                                                                                                    during the year.
                                                                                                                                •   Safe Production Leadership is a
                                                                                                                                    back-to-basics initiative to improve
                            FOR MORE INFO PLEASE VISIT                                                                              frontline leadership effectiveness.
                            ILUKA.COM                                                                                               The program equips frontline leaders
                                                                                                                                    with the skills and knowledge of Iluka
                                                                                                                                    systems and requirements through online
                 1. A complete set of climate-related financial disclosures, required under AASB S2, is covered separately at
                                                                                                                                    and classroom-based education and
                    page 66 in the section “Sustainability Report (Climate-related Financial Disclosures)”.                         competency assessments.




     24           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        To support increased project activity and to                        PEOPLE
                        improve the management of critical risks, Iluka
                        reviewed and introduced improvements to its                         Iluka continues to develop an                                        Overseen by a technical skills working group,
                        Contractor Health and Safety Management                             engaged, capable and diverse                                         skill development initiatives were progressed
                        framework in 2025. Changes included re-                             workforce.                                                           including skill fundamentals e-learning
                        categorisation of contractors, pre-qualification                                                                                         packages, mentoring arrangements, and
                        requirements and onboarding requirements.                           Iluka aims to facilitate meaningful, interesting                     development of AI agents.
                        The updated framework aims to improve the                           work and career development opportunities for
                        efficiency and effectiveness of contractor                          its employees, in an inclusive and collaborative                     Development and tools to improve
                        onboarding and re-engagement, provide                               work environment. Employees at Iluka have                            management skills and leadership capability
                        confidence in contractor safety management,                         the opportunity to work with an experienced                          was a focus for 2025. The Manager Hub, an
                        and improve critical risk management and                            critical minerals company and be involved in                         online toolkit designed to support leaders at
                        safety performance.                                                 its transition to become a globally-significant                      every stage of the employment lifecycle, was
                                                                                            supplier of separated rare earth oxides.                             launched and online targeted information
                        Iluka’s Psychosocial Safety and Wellbeing                                                                                                sessions were implemented over the year
                        program supports the company’s commitment                           The company and its subsidiaries employed                            to provide practical guidance and support
                        to a safe, respectful, and inclusive workplace                      more than 1,000 people during 2025, with                             across a range of people management topics.
                        culture. In 2025, Iluka commissioned an                             the majority of employees based in Australia.
                        external psychosocial safety audit, including                       Iluka’s business is supported by a contractor                        Iluka’s talent pipeline continues to be
                        employee and contractor listening sessions,                         workforce of approximately 270 people.                               developed through early careers employment




For personal use only
                        which were held at operational, project and                         151 employees, including 16 current Iluka                            and partnerships. In 2025, 25 apprentices
                        corporate sites. Recommended actions                                employees relocating from other sites, joined                        and trainees were employed across electrical
                        were developed based on the audit findings                          the workforce at Balranald, the location                             and mechanical roles at operational sites
                        and workforce feedback and these are                                of Iluka’s new mineral sands operation. In                           and 15 people continued to progress
                        currently being implemented. During the                             preparation for commissioning and ramp-up of                         through their two-year graduate program.
                        year, company-wide workshops were held                              operations, employees completed a detailed                           Iluka’s partnership arrangement with CoRE
                        to assess psychosocial risks and controls at                        onboarding and training program.                                     Learning Foundation focuses on promoting
                        each location and improved communication                                                                                                 Science, Technology, Engineering and
                        channels on speaking up, an updated                                 In September 2025, the company announced                             Mathematics (STEM) education in WA’s Mid
                        wellbeing portal, and pre-start toolbox                             the suspension of production activities at                           West region through project-based learning
                        topics were implemented. Online training                            the Cataby mine and Synthetic Rutile Kiln 2                          that incorporates Iluka’s operations and value
                        was developed to educate employees on                               (SR2) in Western Australia (WA), effective 1                         chain.
                        their role in supporting a psychosocially-safe                      December 2025, due to subdued demand for
                        workplace, complementing Iluka’s behaviour                          mineral sands. This decision led to a review                         Iluka sponsored three female high school
                        expectation training.                                               of resourcing at these sites and of Iluka’s                          students in WA through the Future Female
                                                                                            cost base and activity levels. As a result,                          Leaders program, providing mentoring and
                                                                                            approximately 120 roles were removed across                          leadership development opportunities. The
                                                                                            Australian and US locations. To support                              program aims to encourage more women to
                                                                                            employees impacted by the change, there                              pursue STEM and traditionally male-dominated
                                                                                            were increases to the Employee Assistance                            roles.
                                                                                            Provider (EAP) services available onsite and
                                                                                            at office locations. Outplacement services                           Iluka also continued to offer traineeship
                                                                                            were made available for affected employees to                        opportunities for Aboriginal and Torres
                                                                                            support their transition to future employment,                       Strait Islander students through education
                                                                                            in addition to their redundancy entitlements.                        partnerships, including the Clontarf
                                                                                                                                                                 Foundation and Stars Foundation. Iluka
                                                                                            Iluka continued to invest in the development of                      currently employs six alumni from the Clontarf
                                                                                            the workforce with a focus on lifting technical                      Foundation in the Mid West and three alumni in
                                                                                            skills capability for key disciplines including                      the South West.
                                                                                            engineering, metallurgy, and geology.


                                                                                                                                                                             FOR MORE DETAILS ABOUT
                                                                                                                                                                             ILUKA'S PEOPLE,
                                                                                                                                                                             PLEASE VISIT ILUKA.COM




                        As the company transitions into a globally-significant supplier of separated rare earth oxides, Iluka aims to facilitate meaningful, interesting work and career
                        development opportunities for its employees.




                                                                                                                                                                             Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   25
                 COMMUNITIES AND INDIGENOUS RELATIONS

                 Iluka is proud of its long-standing,                            These projects spanned health, education,              Partnerships remained a vital part of Iluka’s
                 respectful community and                                        environment, community enterprise, and                 social investment. The company’s long-
                 Traditional Owner relationships and                             safety, ranging from upgrading local                   standing relationship with the Clontarf
                 is committed to supporting the local
                                                                                 facilities and playgrounds to providing                Foundation continued to provide opportunities
                 communities in which it operates.
                                                                                 literacy resources for schools and installing          for young Aboriginal and Torres Strait
                                                                                 Indigenous interpretive signage. In total, Iluka       Islander men to pursue education and
                 In 2025, Iluka focused on strengthening                         contributed more than $1.1 million in donations,       career aspirations. A highlight of 2025 was
                 social performance through its company-                         sponsorships, and education partnerships,              the Busselton leadership camp, where Iluka
                 wide Social Investment strategy and the Iluka                   including $200,000 to the Clontarf Foundation          staff engaged with Years 11 and 12 students
                 Indigenous Peoples plan. These initiatives                      to support Indigenous students, and $100,000           from Clontarf Academies across the South
                 reinforce the company’s commitment to                           to Foodbank to assist people experiencing              West, sharing career insights and exploring
                 meaningful engagement and inclusion,                            food insecurity in WA’s Mid West region.               pathways within the mining industry. These
                 particularly with Aboriginal and Torres Strait                                                                         interactions play a critical role in fostering
                 Islander stakeholders. In 2025, initiatives                     Engagement and transparency were central               inclusion and building strong foundations for
                 included the enhancement of internal human                      to the company’s efforts. Iluka hosted                 future leaders.
                 resources systems and partnerships to                           community events and information sessions
                 support employment pathways for Indigenous                      with stakeholders, including Yued Aboriginal           Iluka remains committed to creating shared
                 jobseekers, support for grassroots business                     Corporation in WA and the Shire of Balranald           value through respectful engagement,




For personal use only
                 development, and deepened cultural                              in NSW, while continuing to participate                cultural understanding, and sustainable
                 awareness through targeted programs and                         in regional events such as campdrafting                community investment. By working together
                 events. Iluka’s proactive approach to cultural                  competitions, community markets and sports             with stakeholders, Iluka aims to build stronger,
                 heritage management continued across all                        days. Iluka maintained open communication              more inclusive communities across Australia.
                 sites, ensuring robust processes to protect                     channels through a dedicated hotline, email,
                 Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander heritage.                 and online forms, with interactions recorded
                                                                                 in Evotix to ensure timely responses and
                 Community investment remained a                                 inform future engagement. Updates to key
                 cornerstone of Iluka’s approach. The Iluka                      procedures, including Grievance Management                      FOR MORE DETAILS
                                                                                                                                                 ABOUT ILUKA'S APPROACH
                 Lends a Hand grants program launched two                        and Social Performance, further strengthened                    TO COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT,
                 rounds in 2025, supporting around                               Iluka’s ability to respond effectively and                      PLEASE VISIT ILUKA.COM
                 90 projects and events across Western                           consistently to community concerns.
                 Australia, South Australia, New South Wales
                 (NSW), and Victoria.




                                                                                                                                        Long-standing sponsorships
                                                                                                                                        for students

                                                                                                                                        Iluka assists the Eneabba Parents
                                                                                                                                        and Citizens Association (P&C) in its
                                                                                                                                        fundraising efforts for the local primary
                                                                                                                                        school. With the generous support of
                                                                                                                                        volunteers, fellow local businesses, and
                                                                                                                                        Iluka’s contractors, the 2025 annual quiz
                                                                                                                                        night raised $25,000 for the P&C.




                                                                                                                                        Investing in our communities

                                                                                                                                        Iluka hosted a gathering in November 2025
                                                                                                                                        at Coolangah Park in Moora, supporting
                                                                                                                                        the Yued community on whose land the
                                                                                                                                        Cataby site operates. Iluka will continue to
                                                                                                                                        invest in Moora through various initiatives,
                                                                                                                                        including the Iluka Lends a Hand grants
                                                                                                                                        program, to enhance local facilities such
                                                                                                                                        as Coolangah Park, ensuring families
                                                                                                                                        can enjoy safe, welcoming spaces that
                                                                                                                                        encourage recreation and community
                                                                                                                                        spirit.




                        Iluka sponsored the WA Zone Eneabba 2025 Campdraft Championships, which attracted hundreds of competitors and
                        spectators to the area.




     26           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        OUR ENVIRONMENT



                        HIGHLIGHTS


                        3                                                                  $27m                                                 272 ha
                        Level 3 or greater                                                 Spent on rehabilitation                              Land rehabilitated
                        environmental incidents
                                                                                           ($39m in 2024)                                       (403ha in 2024)
                        (7 in 20241)



                        ILUKA IS COGNISANT OF THE IMPACT OF
                        ITS OPERATIONS ON THE ENVIRONMENT




For personal use only
                        1. In 2024, Iluka reviewed and updated its internal guidance on the classification of environmental incidents to more
                           consistently and appropriately reflect actual impacts. This guidance was applied from 1 January 2025. To allow                  FOR MORE INFO PLEASE VISIT
                           comparison between the number of Level 3 or higher incidents in 2025 and the preceding year, environmental                      ILUKA.COM
                           incidents in 2024 have been reclassified, resulting in one Level 4 and six Level 3 incidents.




                        ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT AND COMPLIANCE

                        Iluka is dedicated to preventing                                   Complementing this work, the Western
                        or limiting adverse environmental                                  Australian Museum’s routine monitoring has
                        impacts, protecting biodiversity,                                  reported positive outcomes from the 2024
                        and sustainably managing water
                                                                                           Cataby tree relocation project with Iluka, which
                        resources.
                                                                                           involved moving hollow-bearing trees back into
                                                                                           key nesting zones. These initiatives highlight
                        In 2025, Iluka identified and addressed three                      Iluka’s ability to work collaboratively and
                        Level 3 environmental incidents (compared                          deliver a net positive impact on biodiversity
                        to seven incidents in 2024). This improvement                      and the environment.
                        was mainly due to a reduction in the number
                        of turbid water incidents following enhanced                       In January 2025, Iluka documented the first
                        surface water management controls to mitigate                      amphibian species at Jacinth‑Ambrosia,
                        off-site discharges during high rainfall periods.                  identifying Sudell’s Burrowing Frog, a
                        The three incidents were related to a saline                       discovery of regional significance that
                        water spill into remnant native vegetation, an                     expands South Australia’s biodiversity
                        offsite spillage of mineral containing NORM                        record and underscores our commitment to
                        (naturally-occurring radioactive material), and                    environmental stewardship.
                        a recurring incident at Level 2 classification
                        for fugitive dust emissions. Environmental                         Water remains essential to Iluka's operations.
                        incidents were reported to the relevant                            Activities affecting water resources are
                        regulatory authorities in accordance with                          regulated by legislation with set limits on
                        requirements.                                                      extraction and discharges. Total water
                                                                                           consumption in 2025 reduced due to lower
                        As part of Iluka’s broader business systems                        water requirements at Cataby and North
                        review, the company successfully transitioned                      Capel.
                        obligation management systems, consolidating
                        environmental compliance and stakeholder
                        management functions, as well as broader
                        HSEC management functions, into a single
                                                                                                       FOR MORE DETAILS, READ ABOUT
                        integrated platform. This transition reflects                                  ILUKA’S ENVIRONMENTAL
                        Iluka’s commitment to operational efficiency,                                  PERFORMANCE IN THE
                                                                                                       2025 DATA BOOK
                        data integrity, and continuous improvement.

                        Iluka, in collaboration with Murdoch
                        University’s Harry Butler Institute, completed
                        a study on the long-term sustainability of
                        Carnaby’s Cockatoo at Cataby Brook. Building
                        on six years of partnership, the research
                        focuses on habitat restoration, breeding
                        success, and adaptive management strategies
                                                                                                                                                Iluka has completed a study on the sustainability of
                        to ensure the species’ viability from 2024. The                                                                         Carnaby’s Cockatoo at Cataby Brook.
                        paper is set to be published in 2026.                                                                                   Photo credit: Zoë Kissane, Murdoch University




                                                                                                                                                               Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   27
                 TAILINGS                                                             REHABILITATION AND CLOSURE

                 Iluka is dedicated to managing its                                   Iluka’s objective is to achieve                    Within the Murray Basin, rehabilitation
                 tailings storage facilities in a safe and                            beneficial closure outcomes                        programs continued with notable
                 responsible manner.                                                  by planning and executing the                      achievements including:
                                                                                      rehabilitation and closure of assets
                                                                                      in a manner aligned with leading                   • Completion of rehabilitation earthworks at
                 Iluka applies a risk-based approach to                               practice.
                 minimise potential impacts on its workforce,                                                                              the WRP mine and near-completion of bulk
                 local communities, and the environment.                                                                                   earthworks at the Douglas mine
                 Tailings management systems are regularly                            With more than 50 years of experience, Iluka
                                                                                                                                         • Parks Victoria confirmed the completion
                 reviewed to ensure compliance with applicable                        is proud of its strong track record in mine
                                                                                                                                           of rehabilitation at two bushland reserves,
                 standards, with continuous improvement                               rehabilitation and closure.
                                                                                                                                           the McBains Bushland Reserve at the
                 actions embedded in operational practice.                                                                                 WRP mine and the Kulwin Bushland
                 This reflects Iluka’s commitment to responsible                      In 2025, Iluka rehabilitated 272ha in Australia.
                                                                                                                                           Reserve at the Kulwin mine, acknowledging
                 resource stewardship and proactive risk                              This effort limited the increase in Iluka’s open
                                                                                                                                           that rehabilitation works have been
                 mitigation.                                                          disturbance area to 21ha, despite ongoing
                                                                                                                                           completed in accordance with the agreed
                                                                                      mining at Jacinth-Ambrosia and Cataby and
                                                                                                                                           requirements and objectives, and that
                 In 2025, a compulsory e-training module                              construction at Balranald.
                                                                                                                                           Iluka has no further responsibility for
                 targeting service crews and technical                                                                                     rehabilitation, monitoring or maintenance
                 specialists with accountability for installing and                   Iluka continued to strengthen its reputation
                                                                                                                                           activities




For personal use only
                 operating tailings management infrastructure,                        as an industry leader in mine rehabilitation,
                 or routinely inspecting tailings storage facilities                  closure and relinquishment, achieving several
                                                                                                                                         Elsewhere, rehabilitation maintenance works
                 (TSF), was developed.                                                significant milestones across Australia and in
                                                                                                                                         also progressed at the Eneabba West mine.
                                                                                      the United States.
                 This module provides insight of tailings                                                                                Collectively, these accomplishments
                 management terminologies, relevant                                   This included the successful closure of
                                                                                                                                         demonstrate Iluka’s strong and ongoing
                 geotechnical and hydrological concepts,                              the Gingin mineral sands site, marked by
                                                                                                                                         commitment to delivering high quality mine
                 some common risks requiring management,                              the Minister for Environment’s approval to
                                                                                                                                         rehabilitation.
                 and aspects to consider during inspections.                          withdraw the Ministerial Statement under s.47A
                 Inspection sheets and supporting PowerBI                             of the Environmental Protection Act 1986 (WA).
                                                                                                                                         In partnership with the University of
                 reports are also being trialled to assess                            Withdrawal of the statement confirms that
                                                                                                                                         Reading (UK), Iluka advanced ecological
                 the potential for digital platforms to create                        the proposal has been implemented and that
                                                                                                                                         understanding of native rehabilitation at
                 a more efficient environment for capturing                           the Minister is satisfied the implementation
                                                                                                                                         Eneabba, with published research highlighting
                 observations, reviewing risks, developing                            conditions have been complied with or
                                                                                                                                         the legacy of elevated phosphorus levels
                 action plans, and tracking progress.                                 no longer need to be complied with. Key
                                                                                                                                         in kwongan soils resulting from historic
                                                                                      rehabilitation activities supporting the
                                                                                                                                         fertilisation practices. Iluka ceased use of
                 Annual TSF inspections at operational                                withdrawal of the Ministerial Statement at
                                                                                                                                         high phosphorus fertilisers in 2003 following
                 sites were undertaken by Responsible                                 Gingin included:
                                                                                                                                         ecological findings and continues to monitor
                 Technical Persons, with findings reported                            • Realignment and reinstatement of streams         and assess the long-term impacts through
                 to the Accountable Executive Officer and                                                                                ongoing research. This collaboration
                 Accountable Site Managers during follow-up                           • Return of land to productive agricultural        underscores the company’s commitment to
                 meetings.                                                              land use                                         evidence-based rehabilitation and adaptive
                                                                                      • Native vegetation rehabilitation within          management to ensure good ecological
                 Preparations are being made for the triennial                          streams corridors                                outcomes.
                 external audit of the tailings management
                 system. This audit is due to commence in                             • Rehabilitation formally accepted by              Iluka is a supporting participant in the
                 Q2 2026.                                                               landowners                                       Australian Government’s Cooperative
                                                                                                                                         Research Centre program for ‘Transformations
                                                                                      Iluka’s commitment to best practice
                                                                                                                                         in Mining Economies’ (CRC TiME). This
                                                                                      rehabilitation was also recognised in the
                             A REGISTER OF ILUKA’S TSF IS                                                                                initiative commenced in 2020 and enables
                             AVAILABLE IN THE 2025 DATA                               United States, with the company receiving
                                                                                                                                         sustained research and stakeholder
                             BOOK                                                     the Virginia Energy 2025 Mineral Mine
                                                                                                                                         collaboration to improve mine closure
                                                                                      Reclamation Award for the Old Hickory/
                                                                                                                                         outcomes. Iluka continued its participation with
                                                                                      Concord mine in Virginia. These awards
                                                                                                                                         TiME, supporting the project ‘Broadening NPV
                                                                                      honour outstanding achievements in mineral
                                                                                                                                         through a multi-criteria optimisation framework’
                                                                                      mine safety and land reclamation. The award
                                                                                                                                         in 2025.
                                                                                      acknowledged excellence in environmental
                                                                                      planning, collaboration with local partners, and
                                                                                      a commitment to lasting land value through
                                                                                      thoughtful grading, seeding, erosion control                FOR MORE DETAILS, READ
                                                                                                                                                  ABOUT ILUKA’S APPROACH
                                                                                      and productive land reuse.                                  TO REHABILITATION AND
                                                                                                                                                  CLOSURE IN THE 2025 DATA
                                                                                                                                                  BOOK




                 Rehabilitation progress at Iluka's former Douglas mine (Pit 10) in Victoria


     28           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP                                                                                                 RADIATION

                        The sustainable delivery of Iluka’s                              Rare earths                                        Iluka aims to be recognised and
                        products and minerals requires                                                                                      trusted as an industry leader in
                        responsible business practices                                   Iluka has continued to advance its rare earth      radiation management.
                        throughout the company's value                                   metallisation study, aimed at assessing
                        chain.                                                           the economic and technical feasibility of          The company is committed to maintaining and
                                                                                         establishing a dedicated metallisation facility.   enhancing the technical competencies of its
                        Iluka works collaboratively with its business                    In collaboration with technology partners,         radiation specialists through formal mentoring
                        partners to uphold responsible practices                         the company is developing electrolytic cells       programs, in line with Western Australian
                        across the value chain and to foster                             designed to enhance operational efficiency,        Government requirements. These programs
                        opportunities for collaboration, responsible                     process stability and product quality. The         provide significant support, knowledge
                        use of its products and improvement in                           proposed scaled-up technology could reduce         transfer, practical field experience, and
                        environmental performance.                                       environmental emissions and improve energy         preparation of radiation management plans
                                                                                         efficiency per tonne of metal produced. More       and annual reports for regulatory review.
                        During the year, key downstream customers                        information about Iluka’s Eneabba refinery can
                        visited Iluka’s mining and processing                            be found within the Financial and Operational      In 2025, the company strengthened its internal
                        operations and participated in sharing                           Review in this Annual Report.                      investigation systems, aligning action and
                        sessions on sustainability management topics                                                                        investigation levels in site-specific Radiation
                        and practices. Iluka also actively participates                  In 2025, Iluka also completed a preliminary        Management Plans with Iluka’s revised




For personal use only
                        in industry associations such as the Zircon                      evaluation of magnet waste processing via its      Radiation Management Group Standard and
                        Industry Association and initiatives to improve                  Eneabba refinery. The desktop study focused        industry best practice. Iluka also established
                        industry-level sustainability performance.                       on the recycling potential of sintered NdFeB       group-wide procedures for the safe
                                                                                         magnet waste, which typically accounts             transport of radioactive material, ensuring full
                        Iluka’s mining and processing activities                         for 20% to 30% of production losses, with          compliance with the Transport Code.
                        produce a range of by-products and co-                           complex magnet geometries generating
                        products that generate revenue and limit waste                   more than 40% waste when off-cuts are not
                        production, handling, and storage. Activated                     recovered. Results confirmed the technical
                        carbon is one such co-product separated                          viability of recycling high-value magnet
                        during the processing of Iluka’s mineral sands.                  waste at Eneabba, presenting a lower-
                                                                                         impact solution for customers and securing
                                                                                         an additional feedstock of critical rare earth
                                                                                         minerals.




                        Iluka seeks to be a dependable partner for customers by supplying consistently high-quality products.


                                                                                                                                                     Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   29
                 BUSINESS RISK
                 MANAGEMENT




                 Risk management is critical to achieving Iluka’s purpose of delivering sustainable value and informing strategic
                 choices, and supports the coordinated delivery of value across the company. Effectively identifying, understanding and
                 managing Iluka’s exposure to risk enables the Board and leadership team to make informed choices about where to take
                 risks to realise opportunities and where to manage risks to enhance and preserve business value.


                 Strategic level direction on risk management           INTERNAL AUDIT AND                                    KEY RISK AREAS
                 is considered and set through Iluka’s Board-           ASSURANCE
                 approved Risk Appetite Statement (RAS). The                                                                  Set out below are the key risk areas that could
                 RAS guides the business on the appropriate             The internal audit function is governed               have a material impact on Iluka. These risks




For personal use only
                 level of risk to take in pursuit of strategic          by an Internal Audit Charter informed by              are not the only risks that the company faces;
                 objectives and provides the backdrop for risk          ASX Governance Principles and Global                  while reasonable effort is made to identify
                 assessment, consideration of risk treatments           International Internal Audit Standards setting        and manage material risks, additional risks
                 and risk assurance processes. Key Risk                 out the role and purpose of the function,             not currently known or detailed below may
                 Indicators (KRI) that measure performance              reporting responsibilities to the Audit and Risk      adversely affect future business performance.
                 against approved appetite are reported to              Committee, and management accountabilities.
                 the Audit and Risk Committee bi-annually.              The Charter also provides a process for               Risks are considered against a backdrop of a
                 Where risk management moves outside of                 maintaining the function’s independence.              myriad of changes and ongoing uncertainties
                 approved tolerance, the matter is escalated                                                                  in the external environment, many of which
                 to Iluka’s Managing Director and mitigation            Iluka’s annual internal audit plan is informed        are outside of Iluka’s control. For key risks and
                 actions to bring the risk back within appetite         by a review of strategic risks, updates to            strategic priorities relating to climate change
                 is communicated to the Audit and Risk                  the internal assurance map informed by                resilience, refer to the Climate-related Financial
                 Committee and the Board.                               assurance activity undertaken in the year, and        Disclosures in this Annual Report.
                                                                        industry insights on internal audit trends and
                 Emerging risks continue to be identified and           thematics.
                 monitored via operational and project risk
                 management processes and at a strategic
                 level through the annual corporate planning
                 and key risk review process.




                                           CONTEXT, RISK MANAGEMENT,
                 KEY RISK                  MITIGATIONS AND OPPORTUNITIES                                                                                 GOVERNANCE



                 Growth                    Context                                                                                                       • Executive-led
                 (Resource,                                                                                                                                study steering
                 Reserve and               Iluka aims to generate and deliver on growth options through exploration, innovation, project
                 Pipeline)                                                                                                                                 committee
                                           development and appropriate external growth opportunities.
                                                                                                                                                         • Audit and Risk
                                           Iluka’s Resource and Reserve assessments are prepared in accordance with the Australasian Code
                                                                                                                                                           Committee
                                           for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves 2012 Edition (the JORC
                                           Code 2012) and the ASX Listing Rules as disclosed in various public announcements released                    • Board
                                           through the ASX. As these estimates involve the application of significant judgement, no guarantee
                                           of assurance of the estimated mineral recovery levels or the commercial viability of deposits can be
                                           provided.
                                           The actual quality and characteristics of mineral deposits cannot be known until mining takes place
                                           and may differ from the assumptions used to develop the mineral resources. Further, Ore Reserves
                                           are valued based on assumed future costs and commodity prices and, consequently, the value of
                                           actual Ore Reserves, including their economic extraction and mineral resources, may differ from
                                           those estimated, which may result in either a positive or negative impact on operations.

                                           Risk management, mitigation and opportunities
                                           • Iluka regularly assesses its ability to enhance its production profile or extend the economic life of
                                             deposits through the development of new projects within its portfolio
                                           • Evaluating growth opportunities requires prudent risk-taking as part of a disciplined process of
                                             project selection and evaluation to maximise the opportunity, achieve the desired outcomes, and
                                             manage the associated risks to the company
                                           • Standing updates are provided to Iluka’s Audit and Risk Committee on Resource and Reserve
                                             profiles and governance process. Iluka’s internal Resource and Reserves Standard was approved
                                             in 2025




     30           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        CONTEXT, RISK MANAGEMENT,
                        KEY RISK        MITIGATIONS AND OPPORTUNITIES                                                                                   GOVERNANCE


                        Market and      Context                                                                                                         • Board
                        Geopolitical
                        Conditions      • Trade policy uncertainty continues to impact global economic activity, including Iluka’s end                  • Audit and Risk
                                          markets. Tariffs and geopolitical conflicts continue to influence forecast reliability, affecting mineral       Committee
                                          sands customers’ purchasing behaviour. As global trade patterns evolve, the downstream impact
                                          on economies remains unclear, with a broad range of outcomes as supply and demand dynamics
                                          are reshaped (note, for example, Venator’s administration and acquisition by LB Group in 2025)
                                        • Uncertainty remains as to a sustainable pricing mechanism for Western rare earths producers that
                                          is independent of the Asian Metals Index. However, notable shifts occurred in 2025 that signal an
                                          independent pricing mechanism emerging, with governments recognising the need to maintain
                                          security of supply for critical minerals

                                        Risk management, mitigation and opportunities
                                        • Continuous pursuit of cost and operational efficiencies
                                        • Close review and monitoring of industry supply/demand dynamics
                                        • Suspension of production at Cataby mine and Synthetic Rutile Kiln 2 in Western Australia effective
                                          1 December 2025 to save costs, liberate inventory and cash, and preserve balance sheet strength




For personal use only
                                        • Active monitoring of credit health of major customers through Iluka’s Credit Risk Policy
                                        • Continued negotiations with customers for long-term offtake contracts
                                        • Pursuit of rare earth offtake arrangements that reflect sustainable independent pricing mechanism
                                        • Commissioning of Balranald mine to achieve successful ramp-up of operations



                        Project         Context                                                                                                         • Executive-led
                        Execution and                                                                                                                     project steering
                        Commissioning   • Large capital projects are, by their nature, complex and subject to factors often outside Iluka’s
                                                                                                                                                          committees
                                          control (inflationary environment, regulatory, market competition for talent, and supply chains) that
                                          can materially impact delivery of successful project outcomes                                                 • Board and
                                                                                                                                                          Audit and Risk
                                        • Project execution risks also include the ability to obtain appropriate access to property, cost
                                                                                                                                                          Committee
                                          escalation, construction and commissioning risks
                                        • Current geopolitical factors and market distortions (e.g. government-backed competitors, Asian
                                          Metals price index) create uncertainty that can materially impact delivery of successful project
                                          outcomes

                                        Risk management, mitigation and opportunities
                                        • Capital projects follow a defined risk management approach that includes risk management
                                          outcomes reported to the steering committees and Board
                                        • Execution of the Eneabba refinery and Balranald project closely monitored, with a number of
                                          independent reviews undertaken
                                        • Employment of experienced Project Director to lead Eneabba refinery through its construction and
                                          commissioning phases
                                        • Employment of Chief Metallurgist for rare earths business with pre-eminent experience in rare
                                          earths refinery operations



                        Cybersecurity   Context                                                                                                         • Board
                                        • An increasingly technology-dependent landscape and integration of cloud-based applications                    • Audit and Risk
                                          and services means Iluka is exposed to operational disruption and/or reputational damage from                   Committee
                                          cyber incidents, which are evolving in sophistication                                                         • Cyber Strategy
                                        • Iluka’s increasing public profile in critical minerals means it becomes more visible to, and a target           and Roadmap
                                          of, cyber criminals
                                        • Disruption opportunities from adoption of artificial intelligence (AI) in business processes

                                        Risk management, mitigation and opportunities
                                        • Continuous cyber penetration testing including security simulations to achieve early identification
                                          of vulnerabilities and better protect Iluka’s sensitive information
                                        • Focus on cyber controls such as multi-factor authentication, rigorous patch management (guided
                                          by the Australian Cyber Security Centre) and continuous education of employees via tailored
                                          campaigns
                                        • Enhanced crisis and emergency response measures and third-party risk management processes
                                        • Reporting on cyber risk management governance to Audit and Risk Committee
                                        • Sustainable adoption of AI in business process within the context of Iluka’s AI Standard




                                                                                                                                      Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   31
                                            CONTEXT, RISK MANAGEMENT,
                 KEY RISK                   MITIGATIONS AND OPPORTUNITIES                                                                              GOVERNANCE


                 People and                 Context                                                                                                    • Board
                 Health and
                 Safety of                  • Ensuring a productive and engaged workforce, maintaining trust and social license to operate             • Sustainability
                 Workforce                                                                                                                               Committee
                                            • Execution of strategic imperatives and growth plans requires attraction, development and
                                              retention of critical roles while navigating a changing skills landscape                                 • People and
                                                                                                                                                         Performance
                                            • Increasing complexity and regulatory requirements in managing the employee psychosocial safety
                                                                                                                                                         Committee
                                              environment

                                            Risk management, mitigation and opportunities
                                            • Ensuring strong systems, processes and culture to protect the health and safety of Iluka’s
                                              workforce via Group-monitored programs and regular second line audits monitoring compliance to
                                              internal standards and procedures
                                            • Focus on health and safety includes physical, mental and social wellbeing
                                            • Internal audit completed in 2025 of Iluka’s psychosocial control environment focused on bullying,
                                              discrimination and harassment
                                            • Strengthening leadership development toolsets to enhance leadership effectiveness




For personal use only
                                            • Continued focus on lifting critical technical skill capabilities



                 Licence,                   Context                                                                                                    • Board
                 Permit and
                 Approvals                  • Environmental policy changes can materially affect operations and project development pathways           • Sustainability
                                                                                                                                                         Committee
                                            • Environmental approvals and securing requisite land access permits are often critical paths to
                                              future growth options. Approval delays may impact successful delivery of strategic priorities
                                            • Maintaining stakeholder trust and social license to operate, especially with evolving community
                                              expectations

                                            Risk management, mitigation and opportunities
                                            • Focused community and approvals management plan for priority growth projects. Internal audit
                                              on social performance process undertaken in 2025
                                            • Dedicated environmental approvals and land management teams
                                            • Regular reporting on risk management and governance process to the Sustainability Committee



                 Sustainable                Context                                                                                                    • Board
                 Operations
                                            Operational disruptions and not achieving objectives can lead to materially-detrimental financial          • Audit and Risk
                                            outcomes. Business continuity risks may arise due to natural disasters, disruptions to logistics chains,     Committee
                                            critical plant failures or industrial action, among other events.

                                            Risk management, mitigation and opportunities
                                            • Dedicated life-of-mine planning team which monitors and drives risks and priorities to meet
                                              planned outcomes
                                            • Dedicated geotechnical resources team which leverages external tailings and dam management
                                              experts. Extensive annual reviews of asset integrity, short- and long-term planning, and
                                              geotechnical and hydrogeological modelling undertaken
                                            • Asset risk reviews and risks to business continuity subject to annual independent review by
                                              Factory Mutual Global, Iluka’s property insurer
                                            • Crisis management plan together with ongoing training and crisis simulation



                 Financial                  Context                                                                                                    • Board
                                            Financial risks present in a number of ways:                                                               • Audit and Risk
                                                                                                                                                         Committee
                                            • Exposure to the cost and availability of funds and fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange
                                              rates and commodity prices can materially impact financial outcomes and Iluka’s ability to execute
                                              business priorities
                                            • Long-term rehabilitation obligations can materially affect Iluka’s balance sheet capacity

                                            Risk management, mitigation and opportunities
                                            • Established Treasury Policy, Hedging Policy and Credit Risk Policy define risk management
                                              approach and governance processes for financial risk and customer credit exposure
                                            • Compliance to terms of Export Finance Australia funding agreement for the Eneabba refinery
                                            • Rehabilitation risks and liabilities adhere to a robust review, monitoring and forecasting process.
                                              Iluka adopts a progressive rehabilitation approach at its operating sites



     32           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
For personal use only




                        FINANCIAL            IN THIS SECTION


                        REPORT               Results for announcement to the market
                                             Directors’ report
                                                                                                         34
                                                                                                         35
                                             Remuneration report                                         41
                                             Sustainability Report
                                             (Climate-related Financial Disclosures)                     66
                                             Independent auditor's review report                         94
                                             Auditor’s independence declaration                          98
                                             Financial statements                                        99
                                             Directors’ declaration                                      154
                                             Independent auditor’s report                                155



                        Photo credit: Citi


                                                                            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   33
                 RESULTS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE MARKET




                 Provided below are the results for announcement to the market in accordance with Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) Listing Rule 4.3A and
                 Appendix 4E for the consolidated entity Iluka Resources Limited and its controlled entities for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the 'current period’)
                 compared with the year ended 31 December 2024 (the ‘comparative period').

                 All currencies shown in this report are Australian dollars unless otherwise indicated.



                   Revenue from ordinary activities                                                                                                        Down 13% to $1,015.4m
                   Net loss after tax for the period from ordinary activities                                                                             Down 225% to ($288.4m)
                   Net loss after tax for the period attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                         Down 225% to ($288.4m)


                   Dividends




For personal use only
                   2025 final: 3 cents per ordinary share (100% franked), to be paid in March 2026 (record date 6 March 2026)
                   2025 interim: 2 cents per ordinary share (100% franked), paid in September 2025 (record date 3 September 2025)


                   Key ratios                                                                                                                             2025              2024

                   Basic (loss)/profit per share (cents)                                                                                                   (67.3)            54.1
                   Diluted (loss)/profit per share (cents)                                                                                                 (67.3)            53.6
                   Free cash flow per share (cents)1                                                                                                      (207.0)            (67.5)
                   Return on equity   2
                                                                                                                                                           (12.1)            10.2
                   Net tangible assets per share ($)                                                                                                       3.23              4.24
                 (1) Free cash flow is determined as cash flow before refinance costs, proceeds/repayment of borrowings and dividends paid in the year.
                 (2) Calculated as net profit after tax (NPAT) for the year as a percentage of average monthly shareholder's equity over the year.




                 Commentary on the consolidated results and outlook are set out in the Operating and Financial Review section of the Directors’ Report.


                 DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN (DRP)

                 The current Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) was approved by the Board of Directors, effective for all dividends from the 2017 final dividend
                 onwards. Under the plan, eligible shareholders can reinvest either all or part of their dividend payments into additional fully paid Iluka shares. The DRP
                 remains active for the 2025 final dividend.

                 The Directors have determined that no discount will apply for the DRP in respect of the 2025 final dividend. Shares allocated to shareholders under
                 the DRP for the 2025 final dividend will be allocated at an amount equal to the average of the daily volume weighted average market price of ordinary
                 shares of the Company traded on the ASX over the period of 10 trading days commencing on 11 March 2026. The last date for receipt of election
                 notices for the DRP is 9 March 2026.


                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

                 The Consolidated Financial Statements upon which this Appendix 4E is based have been audited.

                 The Directors of Iluka Resources Limited present their report together with the financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025
                 and the auditor's report thereon.




     34           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                        The directors present their report on the Group consisting of Iluka Resources Limited (the 'Company') and the entities it controlled at the end of, or
                        during, the year ended 31 December 2025.

                        The overview of Iluka's operations, including key aspects of operating and financial performance, are contained on pages 14 to 32 which forms part
                        of the Directors' Report for the year ended 31 December 2025 and is to be read in conjunction with the following information:


                        DIRECTORS

                        The following individuals were directors of Iluka Resources Limited during the whole of the financial year and up to the date of the report, unless
                        otherwise stated:
                        • S Corlett
                        • J Mactier (Chair) – appointed 5 May 2025




For personal use only
                        • T O'Leary (Managing Director and CEO)
                        • L Saint
                        • P Smith
                        • A Sutton


                        2025 MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS

                        In 2025, the Board formally met on 11 occasions, of which eight meetings were scheduled. In addition to these meetings, the Board spent a day
                        primarily focused on strategic planning. Generally, Board meetings are held over two days (including Board Committee meetings). Directors are invited
                        to visit the company’s operations during the year, often in conjunction with Board and Committee meetings.

                        The Non-executive Directors periodically met independent of management to discuss relevant issues. Directors' attendance at Board and committee
                        meetings during 2025 is detailed below.

                                                                                                                    Nominations                      People &
                                                                                          Audit & Risk              & Governance                   Performance                  Sustainability
                        Director                                  Board                   Committee                  Committee                      Committee                    Committee
                        Total Meetings
                                                                   11                            4                          4                              3                             4
                        Held
                                                 (1) (2)
                                                           Attended        Eligible   Attended       Eligible    Attended        Eligible      Attended         Eligible     Attended        Eligible
                        Executive

                        T O’Leary                            11              11          4              -            4              -              3               -              4                -
                        Non-executive

                         S Corlett                           11              11          4             4             4              4              3               -              4                4
                         J Mactier     (3) (4)
                                                              8              8           3             2             3              3              2               2              2                -
                         L Saint (5)                         11              11          4             4             4              4              1               1              2                -
                         P Smith                             11              11          4              -            4              4              3               3              4                4
                         A Sutton (6) (7)                    11              11          4             2             4              4              3               3              4                4

                            Current Chair                    Prior Chair              Current Member              Prior Member

                        (1) 'Attended' indicates the number of Board or Committee meetings the Director attended.
                        (2) 'Eligible' indicates the number of Board or Committee meetings held while the Director was a Board or Committee member.
                        (3) James Mactier was appointed to the Board and the Nominations and Governance Committee on 5 May 2025. He became Chair of the Board and the Nominations and Governance
                            Committee on the same date.
                        (4) James Mactier was appointed to the Audit and Risk Committee and the People and Performance Committee on 1 July 2025.
                        (5) Lynne Saint retired from the People and Performance Committee on 30 June 2025.
                        (6) Andrea Sutton retired from the positions of Acting Chair of the Board and Acting Chair of the Nominations and Governance Committee on 4 May 2025.
                        (7) Andrea Sutton retired from the Audit and Risk Committee on 30 June 2025.								




                                                                                                                                                               Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   35
                 BOARD OF DIRECTORS


                                                                                                         AR                                                AR

                                                                                                         NG                                                NG

                                                                                                         PP                                                S




                        TOM O'LEARY                                JAMES MACTIER                                     SUSIE CORLETT




                 Managing Director and                           Non-executive Director and                        Non-executive Director




For personal use only
                 Chief Executive Officer                         Board Chair                                       Qualifications: BSc (Geo, Hons),
                 Qualifications: LLB, BJuris                     Qualifications: BAgrEc(Hons),                     FAusIMM, GAICD
                 Appointed: 13 October 2016                      GradDip AppFinInv, GAICD                          Appointed: 1 June 2019
                 Independent: No		                               Appointed: 5 May 2025                             Independent: Yes		
                                                                 Independent: Yes		                                Relevant skills and experience:
                 Relevant skills and experience:
                                                                 Relevant skills and experience:                   Ms Corlett has more than 33 years of
                 Mr O'Leary has more than 35 years of
                 commercial, investment banking, business        Mr Mactier has more than 35 years’ experience     experience in exploration, mining operation,
                 development and executive management            in the commodities and resources sectors          mining finance and investment.
                 experience in a range of sectors including      and capital markets globally, including project
                 energy, chemicals, mining and processing.       evaluation and due diligence, project and         She is a professional non-executive director
                                                                 corporate finance, equity investment, and         following an executive career spanning mine
                 He was previously Managing Director of          commodity and currency hedging.                   operations, investment banking and private
                 Wesfarmers Chemicals, Energy & Fertilisers                                                        equity. A geologist, her background is in
                 having been appointed to the role in 2010.      He spent 24 years with Macquarie Bank             mining operations and exploration for RGC
                 Mr O'Leary joined Wesfarmers in 2000 in a       Limited, including 15 years as co-head of its     Ltd and Goldfields Ltd. Ms Corlett was most
                 business development role and was then          Metals and Energy Capital Division and as a       recently an Investment Director for Pacific
                 appointed Managing Director, Wesfarmers         member of its Fixed Income, Currencies and        Road Capital Ltd (a global mining private
                 Energy, in 2009. Prior to joining Wesfarmers,   Commodities Group management committee.           equity fund), following a career in mining
                 he worked in London for 10 years in finance     Mr Mactier currently serves as Chair of           project finance and credit risk management for
                 law, investment banking and private equity.     ASX-listed Regis Resources Limited and is         Standard Bank Limited, Deutsche Bank and
                 Mr O'Leary holds a law degree from The          an Advisory Board member of Warradarge            Macquarie Bank.
                 University of Western Australia and has         Energy Pty Ltd. He was also previously a
                 completed the Advanced Management               member of Resource Capital Funds Managing         Ms Corlett is currently an Advisory Board
                 Program at Harvard Business School.             Partners’ Advisory Board.                         member for the Foundation of National Parks
                                                                                                                   and Wildlife, a member of Chief Executive
                 Other directorships and offices:                Other directorships and offices:                  Women, and a former Non-executive Director
                 • Clontarf Foundation – Non-executive           • Presbyterian Ladies’ College Council –          of the David Burgess Foundation. In 2024, she
                   Director (appointed June 2006); Chairman        member (retired 2024)                           was recognised as one of the 100 Globally
                   (appointed April 2023)                                                                          Inspirational Women in Mining (WIM100).
                                                                 • Warradarge Energy Pty Ltd – Advisory
                                                                   Board member (appointed 2024)
                                                                                                                   Other directorships and offices:
                                                                 • Resource Capital Funds Managing
                                                                                                                   • Mineral Resources Limited – Non-executive
                                                                   Partners’ Advisory Board – member (retired
                                                                                                                     Director (retired April 2025)
                                                                   2023)
                                                                 • Regis Resources Limited – Non-executive         • Silex Systems Ltd – Non-executive Director
                                                                   Chair (appointed February 2016, appointed         (appointed November 2024)
                                                                   Chair September 2018)                           • Foundation for National Parks and Wildlife –
                                                                                                                     Non-executive Director (retired December
                                                                                                                     2022)
                                                                                                                   • Aurelia Metals Ltd – Non-executive Director
                                                                                                                     (appointed October 2018)
                                                                                                                   • Australian Institute of Mining & Metallurgy
                                                                                                                     (AusIMM) Education Endowment Fund –
                                                                                                                     Trustee (appointed June 2018)



                         Committee membership key

                                 Committee Chair or                             Nominations and Governance                        Audit and Risk
                                                                       NG                                                AR
                                 Acting Committee Chair                         Committee                                         Committee


                                 Board Chair or                                                                                   People and Performance
                         B                                             S        Sustainability Committee                 PP
                                 Acting Board Chair                                                                               Committee



     36           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                 AR                                                NG                                                   NG

                                                                 NG                                                PP                                                   PP

                                                                                                                   S                                                    S




                          LYNNE SAINT                                       PETER SMITH                                       ANDREA SUTTON



                        Non-executive Director                            Non-executive Director                            Non-executive Director




For personal use only
                        Qualifications: BCom, GradDip Ed Studies,         Qualifications: FAusIMM, GAICD, MBA               Qualifications: BEng Chemical (Hons),
                        FCPA, FAICD, Cert Business Administration         Appointed: 28 June 2024                           GradDipEcon, GAICD
                        Appointed: 24 October 2019                        Independent: Yes		                                Appointed: 11 March 2021
                        Independent: Yes		                                Relevant skills and experience:                   Independent: Yes		
                        Relevant skills and experience:                   Mr Smith has more than 49 years’ experience       Relevant skills and experience:
                        Ms Saint has more than 38 years of financial,     across a range of operational, business           Ms Sutton has more than 30 years’ experience
                        auditing, corporate governance, enterprise        improvement and development functions             across a range of operational and corporate
                        risk, supply chain management, project            within the resources industry, including gold,    functions, having held executive roles in
                        management, and commercial experience             coal, metals, and fertilisers. He held senior     health, safety, and environment, human
                        both within Australia and internationally.        positions with Rio Tinto, WMC Resources,          resources, and infrastructure management
                                                                          Ensham Resources, Western Metals, Newcrest        within the resources sector.
                        Ms Saint's career spans more than 19 years        Mining, Israel Chemicals Limited, and Kestrel
                        in executive leadership at Bechtel Group,         Coal Resources.                                   Her 25-year career with Rio Tinto included a
                        having served as Chief Audit Executive and                                                          secondment as CEO and Managing Director
                        Chief Financial Officer of Bechtel’s Mining and   Mr Smith's recent former executive roles          of Energy Resources of Australia (ERA)
                        Metals global business unit.                      include Chief Executive Officer at Krestal Coal   from 2013 to 2017, Head of Health, Safety,
                                                                          Resources, Executive Vice President, Potash       Environment and Security, and Managing
                        In her early career, she held consulting and      at ICL Group, Executive General Manager,          Director Support Strategy Review – Human
                        auditing roles with KMPG and PwC, and             Australia, Indonesia and African Operations       Resources.
                        financial and commercial roles in financial       for Newcrest, and Chief Operating Officer for
                        services and assurance, mining, and the           Lihir Gold.                                       Ms Sutton is a former Non-executive Director
                        engineering and construction industries in                                                          of Energy Resources Australia Limited. She is
                        Australia and Papua New Guinea. In 2003,          Mr Smith was a former Non-executive director      an experienced non-executive director across
                        Ms Saint was recognised as the Telstra            of NSW Minerals Council, Evolution Mining         resources, government and infrastructure
                        Queensland Business Woman of the Year.            (2011 to 2013), and VP Minerals Limited,          industries. She is also a member of Engineers
                                                                          Commissioner of PT NHM Indonesia, and             Australia, Australasian Institute of Mining and
                        Other directorships and offices:                  Executive Director and Chairman of Western        Metallurgy, Chief Executive Women, and the
                        • Ventia Services Group Limited – Non-            Metals Limited. He has a Master of Business       Australian Institute of Company Directors.
                          executive Director (appointed October           Administration and Management from
                          2021)                                           University of Southern Queensland.                Other directorships and offices:
                                                                                                                            • National Association of Women in
                        • NuFarm Ltd – Non-executive Director             Other directorships and offices:                    Operations (NAWO) – Board member
                          (appointed December 2020)
                                                                          • Yancoal Australia Limited (ASX:YAL) – Non-        (retired August 2025)
                                                                            executive Director (appointed December          • Australian Red Cross Society – Board
                                                                            2024)                                             member (appointed July 2025)
                                                                          • VP Minerals Limited – Non-executive             • Australian Nuclear Science and Technology
                                                                            Director (retired August 2024)                    Organisation (ANSTO) – Board member
                                                                          • Evolution Mining Limited (ASX:EVN) – Non-         (retired April 2025)
                                                                            executive Director (appointed April 2020)       • Vault Minerals Limited (previously Red 5
                                                                                                                              Limited) – Non-executive Director (retired
                                                                                                                              January 2025)
                                                                                                                            • Water Corporation – Non-executive Chair
                                                                                                                              (effective January 2024)
                                                                                                                            • Perenti Limited – Non-executive Director
                                                                                                                              (appointed October 2023)
                                                                                                                            • Australian Naval Infrastructure (ANI) – Non-
                                                                                                                              executive Director (appointed September
                                                                                                                              2023)
                                                                                                                            • DDH1 Limited – Non-executive Director
                                                                                                                              (retired September 2023)
                                                                                                                            • Infrastructure WA – Board member (retired
                                                                                                                              December 2022)



                                                                                                                                     Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   37
                 EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM




                                                                  Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer




For personal use only
                                                                  Qualifications: LLB, BJuris
                        TOM O'LEARY                               Please refer to the previous page of this Annual Report for Mr O’Leary’s qualifications and
                                                                  experience.




                        ADELE STRATTON                             SHANE TILKA                                          MATTHEW BLACKWELL




                 Chief Financial Officer and                      Chief Operating Officer,                             Head of Projects and
                 Head of Development                              Australian Operations                                Sales and Marketing

                 Qualifications: BA (Hons), FCA, GAICD            Qualifications: BCom                                 Qualifications: BEng (Mech), Grad Dip
                                                                                                                       (Tech Mgt), MBA, MAICD, MIEAust
                 Ms Stratton joined Iluka in 2011, was            Mr Tilka joined Iluka in November 2004
                 appointed Chief Financial Officer in 2018,       and has held operations management                   Mr Blackwell joined Iluka in 2004 as President
                 and assumed accountabilities for Head of         roles throughout Iluka. His most recent              of US Operations. He had responsibilities for
                 Development in 2020. She is a qualified          appointment was Chief Operating Officer,             Land Management and as General Manager,
                 chartered accountant with more than              Mineral Sands. Prior to this, Mr Tilka was           USA, before being appointed Head of
                 20 years’ experience working in both             General Manager – Jacinth-Ambrosia and               Marketing, Mineral Sands in February 2014.
                 professional practice and public listed          Midwest, Chief Operating Officer for Sierra          In 2019, Mr Blackwell was made Head of
                 companies. Ms Stratton commenced her             Rutile Ltd, and General Manager for Iluka’s          Major Projects, Engineering and Innovation.
                 career with KPMG, spending seven years           US Operations. He has held other senior              In late 2020, Mr Blackwell reassumed
                 in the assurance practice both in the            roles at Iluka’s Western Australian and South        responsibility for Sales and Marketing, with
                 UK, where she qualified as a chartered           Australian operations.                               Strategy added to his accountabilities in late
                 accountant, and Australia. Prior to joining                                                           2024. Prior to joining Iluka, he was Executive
                 Iluka, she worked in a number of finance                                                              Vice President of TSX-listed Asia Pacific
                 roles at Rio Tinto Iron Ore in Perth. Ms                                                              Resources, based in Thailand. Mr Blackwell’s
                 Stratton is the Iluka nominee Board member                                                            30 years of experience in the mining industry
                 on Deterra Royalties Ltd, since its listing on                                                        has involved varied technical and leadership
                 the ASX in 2020.                                                                                      roles, spanning multiple commodities.




     38           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        ILUKA'S BOARD AND EXECUTIVE TEAM DIRECT THE
                        COMPANY'S EFFORTS TO DELIVER SUSTAINABLE VALUE




For personal use only    SARAH HODGSON                                 DANIEL MCGRATH                                   COLIN NEXHIP




                        Head of People and Sustainability             Head of Rare Earths                             Chief Technology Officer

                        Qualifications: LLB, GAICD                    Qualifications: BSc (Math)                      Qualifications: PhD (Chem Eng),
                                                                                                                      BSc (Hons), B Ed
                        Ms Hodgson has 25 years’ professional         Mr McGrath joined Iluka in 1993 and has
                        experience spanning HR, tax and               held technical and operations management        Mr Nexhip joined Iluka in 2023 as the Chief
                        sustainability. Ms Hodgson joined the         roles throughout Iluka for many years. Mr       Technology Officer. Prior to joining Iluka,
                        People team at Iluka Resources in 2013        McGrath is now focused on developing            Mr Nexhip had been based in the US for
                        and was appointed to her current role         Iluka's rare earths business. His most recent   the last 15 years where he most recently
                        in March 2018. Her career started at          appointment was as Chief Technology             held the role of Vice President – Assets
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers in London              Officer and prior to that General Manager       and Energy Management with Newmont
                        providing advice on UK and US tax,            – Cataby and Southwest Operations               Corporation. Mr Nexhip has more than 25
                        employment and international mobility         where he oversaw mining and synthetic           years’ experience in the mining industry,
                        before relocating to Australia with KPMG      rutile operations along with the technical      including 15 years with Rio Tinto.
                        in 2002. Prior to joining Iluka, Ms Hodgson   development and metallurgy functions.
                        held senior roles, both as a consultant and   Prior to this Mr McGrath has held senior
                        in-house, at Mercer, Westpac and KPMG         operational positions at Iluka’s Western
                        advising on executive remuneration, HR and    Australian, eastern Australian, and USA
                        governance matters.                           operations while also having held metallurgy
                                                                      and process engineering roles in Australia,
                                                                      Indonesia and Sierra Leone.




                                                                                                                               Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   39
                 COMPANY SECRETARIES                                   INDEMNIFICATION OF                                    DIVIDEND
                                                                       AUDITORS
                 Mr Ben Martin BMSc LLB MAICD is the                                                                         The directors have declared a fully franked
                 Company Secretary of the Company. Mr                  The Company's auditor is KPMG. The terms              final dividend of 3 cents per ordinary share
                 Martin was appointed to the position of               of engagement of Iluka's external auditor             payable on 30 March 2026.
                 General Counsel and Company Secretary                 includes an indemnity in favour of the external
                 in September 2021 and prior to that, he held          auditor. This indemnity is in accordance with
                 positions in Iluka’s in-house legal and land          KPMG’s standard Terms of Business and is              LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS AND
                 management teams. Before joining Iluka in             conditional upon KPMG acting as external              EXPECTED RESULTS
                 2014, Mr Martin was a solicitor at global law         auditor. Iluka has not otherwise indemnified or
                 firm King & Wood Mallesons where he advised           agreed to indemnify the external auditors of          In the opinion of the directors, likely
                 resources companies on a range of project             Iluka at any time during the financial year.          developments in and expected results of the
                 development, approvals, land access and                                                                     operations of the Group have been disclosed
                 regulatory compliance matters.                                                                              in the Financial and Operational Review within
                                                                       NON-AUDIT SERVICES                                    this Annual Report.
                 Mr Nigel Tinley BBus FCPA FGIA FCG
                 (CS, CGP) GAICD also acts as Company                  The Group has, from time to time, employed            Disclosure of any further material relating to
                 Secretary for the Company. Mr Tinley was              the external auditor, KPMG, on assignments            those matters could result in unreasonable
                 appointed to the position of Joint Company            additional to their statutory audit duties where      prejudice to the interests of the Group.
                 Secretary in 2013 and prior to that, he held          the auditor's expertise and experience with the




For personal use only
                 senior positions in Finance, Commercial, and          Group are important.
                 Sales and Marketing. Before joining Iluka in                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                 2006, Mr Tinley held a range of accounting,           Fees that were paid or payable during the year        STATEMENT
                 financial and commercial roles over his 18            for non-audit services provided by the auditor
                 years with BHP Limited both in Australia and          of the parent entity, its network firms and non-      The Company’s Corporate Governance
                 internationally.                                      related audit firms is set out in Note 27 of the      Statement for the year ended 31 December
                                                                       Financial Report.                                     2025 may be accessed from the Company’s
                                                                                                                             website at http://www.iluka.com/about-iluka/
                 DIRECTORS AND OTHER                                   The Board of Directors has considered the             governance
                 OFFICERS’ REMUNERATION                                position and, in accordance with advice
                                                                       received from the Audit and Risk Committee,
                 Discussion of the Board’s policy for                  is satisfied that the provision of the non-audit      ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS
                 determining the nature and amount of                  services is compatible with the general
                 remuneration for directors and senior                 standard of independence for auditors                 The Company is of a kind referred to in ‘ASIC
                 executives and the relationship between               imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 for the          Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors'
                 such policy and company performance are               following reasons:                                    Reports) Instrument 2016/191’, issued by
                 contained in the Remuneration Report on                                                                     the Australian Securities and Investments
                                                                       • All non-audit services were provided in
                 pages 41 to 65 of this Annual Report.                                                                       Commission, relating to the 'rounding off'
                                                                         accordance with Iluka’s Non-Audit Services
                                                                                                                             of amounts in the Directors' Report and
                                                                         Policy and External Auditor Guidelines; and
                                                                                                                             accompanying Financial Report. Amounts in
                 PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES                                  • All non-audit services were subject to the          the Directors' Report have been rounded off
                                                                         corporate governance processes adopted              in accordance with that Rounding Instrument
                 The principal activities and operations of              by the company and have been reviewed               to the nearest hundred thousand dollars, or in
                 the Group during the financial year were the            by the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure           certain cases, to the nearest dollar.
                 exploration, project development, mining                that they do not affect the integrity or
                 operations, processing and marketing                    objectivity of the auditor.                         This report is made in accordance with a
                 of mineral sands and rare earths, and                                                                       resolution of the directors.
                 rehabilitation. Iluka holds a 20% stake in            A copy of the auditors' independence
                 Deterra Royalties Limited (Deterra), the              declaration as required under section 307C of
                 largest ASX-listed resources focused royalty          the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on
                 company.                                              page 98.


                 INDEMNIFICATION AND                                   ENVIRONMENTAL
                 INSURANCE OF DIRECTORS                                REGULATIONS                                           J MACTIER              T O'LEARY
                 AND OFFICERS                                                                                                Chair                  Managing Director
                                                                       So far as the directors are aware, there have                                and CEO
                 The Company indemnifies all directors of the          been no material breaches of the Group's
                                                                       licences and all mining and exploration               18 February 2026
                 Company named in this report and current
                 and former executive officers of the Company          activities have been undertaken materially in
                 and its controlled entities against all liabilities   compliance with the relevant environmental
                 to persons (other than the Company or the             regulations.
                 related body corporate) which arise out of the
                 performance of their normal duties as director
                 or executive officer unless the liability relates     MATTERS SUBSEQUENT TO
                 to conduct involving bad faith.                       THE END OF THE FINANCIAL
                                                                       YEAR
                 The Company also has a policy to indemnify
                 the directors and executive officers against          The directors are not aware of any matter or
                 all costs and expenses incurred in defending          circumstance not otherwise dealt with in the
                 an action that falls within the scope of the          Directors' Report or Financial Statements that
                 indemnity and any resulting payments.                 has or may significantly affect the operations
                                                                       of the entity, the results of its operations or the
                 During the year the Company has paid a                state of affairs of the entity in the current or
                 premium in respect of directors' and executive        subsequent financial years.
                 officers' insurance. The contract contains a
                 prohibition on disclosure of the amount of the
                 premium and the nature of the liabilities under
                 the policy.

     40           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        REMUNERATION REPORT

                        MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIR OF THE PEOPLE AND PERFORMANCE COMMITTEE
                        Dear Shareholders
                        MESSAGE   FROM THE CHAIR OF THE PEOPLE AND PERFORMANCE COMMITTEE
                        On
                        Dearbehalf  of the Board, I am pleased to present Iluka’s Remuneration Report (Report) for the financial year to 31
                              Shareholders
                        December 2025 (2025).
                        On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present Iluka’s Remuneration Report (Report) for the financial year to 31
                        As the Chair2025
                        December       and (2
                                            Managing
                                              025).      Director have outlined in their Review on page 8 and 9 of the Annual Report, 2025 was
                        a challenging year for Iluka. Despite difficult market conditions, management remained focused on delivering the
                        As the Chair
                        company        and Managing
                                    strategy,            Director
                                               maintaining         have outlined
                                                               strong  commercial  in their Review
                                                                                      discipline     on page
                                                                                                   and       8 and 9two
                                                                                                       progressing     of the Annual
                                                                                                                          major      Report,
                                                                                                                                growth       2025- was
                                                                                                                                         projects  the
                        a challenging year
                        Balranald  developmentfor Iluka. Despite
                                                    and the        difficult
                                                              Eneabba    raremarket  conditions, management remained focused on delivering the
                                                                              earths refinery.
                        company strategy, maintaining strong commercial discipline and progressing two major growth projects - the
                        The Boarddevelopment
                        Balranald    remains committed
                                                    and theto   ensuring
                                                              Eneabba      remuneration
                                                                         rare              outcomes appropriately balance company performance,
                                                                              earths refinery.
                        executive contribution and shareholder value creation. Maintaining remuneration arrangements that are
                        The  Board remains
                        competitive            committed
                                       relative to           to reflect
                                                    peers, and  ensuringtheremuneration
                                                                              complexity ofoutcomes     appropriately
                                                                                               Iluka’s business,       balance
                                                                                                                 is also       company
                                                                                                                         essential       performance,
                                                                                                                                   and this has been a
                        executive
                        focus        contribution
                               for the Board   duringand
                                                       2025.shareholder value creation. Maintaining remuneration arrangements that are
                        competitive relative to peers, and reflect the complexity of Iluka’s business, is also essential and this has been a




For personal use only
                        focus for
                        2025       the Board duringAND
                               PERFORMANCE             2025.REMUNERATION OUTCOMES

                        2025
                        For    PERFORMANCE
                            2025, no                 ANDwere made
                                      material changes      REMUNERATION           OUTCOMES
                                                                         to incentive structures and performance metrics were consistent with
                        2024. Further detail is provided in Section 2 and 3.
                        For 2025, no material changes were made to incentive structures and performance metrics were consistent with
                        2 025 SFurther
                        2024.   hort-Tedetail
                                        rm Inciseprovided
                                                 ntive Planin(SSection
                                                               TIP) ince2nand
                                                                          tive 3.
                                                                               outcome (Section 3.4 and 3.5)

                        2025Board
                        The    Shorhas
                                    t-Tedetermined
                                          rm IncentiveaPSTIP   outcome
                                                          lan (S TIP) inceof
                                                                           nt53%
                                                                              ive ouof
                                                                                     tcmaximum
                                                                                       ome (Sect(80%ion 3.of
                                                                                                          4 atarget)
                                                                                                              nd 3.5for
                                                                                                                     ) the Managing Director, reflecting
                        77% achievement against target under the group scorecard and 88% achieved against individual strategic
                        The Board has
                        objectives.      determined
                                     Executive    KMP aoutcomes
                                                         STIP outcome
                                                                    were of   53% of48
                                                                           between     maximum
                                                                                          to 55% (80%     of target)
                                                                                                   of maximum        for the Managing
                                                                                                                   depending            Director,
                                                                                                                               on individual      reflecting
                                                                                                                                              performance.
                        77%awards
                        The    achievement      against in
                                      will be delivered  target
                                                            cashunder
                                                                  (50%) the
                                                                          and ingroup   scorecard
                                                                                  restricted   sharesand   88% achieved against individual strategic
                                                                                                       (50%).
                        objectives. Executive KMP outcomes were between 48 to 55% of maximum depending on individual performance.
                                                                  1 was below target reflecting the overall company financial results. This was
                        The
                        The financial  scorecard
                             awards will            component
                                           be delivered  in cash (50%)    and in restricted shares (50%).
                        balanced by management’s performance in managing costs and delivering higher than targeted Zircon-in-
                                                                  1 was below target reflecting the overall company financial results. This was
                        The  financial scorecard
                        Concentrate                 component
                                       (ZIC) production.    Sustainability performance was above target – health and safety performance
                        balanced
                        remained by    management’s
                                   strong                performance in
                                            despite heightened              managing
                                                                    construction         costs
                                                                                    activity, andand  delivering
                                                                                                   system         higher thanwere
                                                                                                             improvements      targeted  Zircon-in-
                                                                                                                                   delivered   during the
                        Concentrate
                        year;          (ZIC) production.
                              environmental     performance Sustainability   performance
                                                               improved from the       prior was   above target
                                                                                              year and             – health
                                                                                                        rehabilitation      and were
                                                                                                                        targets  safetyexceeded.
                                                                                                                                        performanceOn
                        remained strong
                        strategic           despite
                                  objectives,    goodheightened     construction
                                                       progress has been            activity,
                                                                               made on        and system
                                                                                          Eneabba            improvements
                                                                                                      construction   and      were delivered
                                                                                                                          commissioning        during the
                                                                                                                                           of the
                        year; environmental
                        Balranald  mineral sandsperformance    improved
                                                    project, with   mining from the
                                                                            commencing prior at
                                                                                              year and  rehabilitation
                                                                                                Balranald in            targetsusing
                                                                                                               January 2026,     werethe
                                                                                                                                       exceeded.
                                                                                                                                          novel On
                        strategic
                        technologyobjectives,
                                      developed  good  progress has
                                                   by Iluka. Management been made     on to
                                                                              continued   Eneabba     construction
                                                                                               demonstrate           and in managing
                                                                                                              discipline  commissioning of    the and
                                                                                                                                        production
                        Balranald  mineral sands
                        supply in response          project,uncertainty
                                               to demand     with miningincommencing
                                                                             mineral sands;   atsaving
                                                                                                Balranald  in January
                                                                                                        costs,           2026,
                                                                                                                preserving     using sheet
                                                                                                                             balance  the novel
                                                                                                                                             strength and
                        technology
                        ensuring thedeveloped
                                       company is  bywell
                                                      Iluka. Management
                                                          positioned          continued to demonstrate discipline in managing production and
                                                                        for recovery.
                        supply in response to demand uncertainty in mineral sands; saving costs, preserving balance sheet strength and
                        L ong-term
                        ensuring  theincentive awisarwell
                                       company       d oupositioned
                                                           tcome (Secfor tiorecovery.
                                                                            n 3.6)
                        No
                        L    performance
                          ong-term           rights
                                     incentive   awarwill
                                                      d ou vest
                                                             tcomfore (S
                                                                      thection
                                                                          Managing
                                                                               3.6) Director and the Executive KMP under the 2021 Executive
                        Incentive Plan (EIP) 2 Performance Rights award. While Total Shareholder Return (TSR) was very strong in absolute
                        No   performance
                        terms at             rights
                                  58.1%, Iluka       will at
                                                  ranked   vestthe
                                                                 for31st
                                                                      thepercentile
                                                                          Managingagainst
                                                                                       Director
                                                                                             theand
                                                                                                 peerthe Executive
                                                                                                      group of ASX KMP
                                                                                                                   200 under the Index
                                                                                                                       Resources 2021 (excluding
                                                                                                                                        Executive
                        Incentive
                        oil and gas Plan (EIP) 2 Performance Rights award. While Total Shareholder Return (TSR) was very strong in absolute
                                      companies and       non-mining companies), which included many gold companies, the total shareholder
                        terms
                        returnsatof58.1%,
                                    which Iluka   ranked at the
                                           have been                     percentile
                                                                   31st strong
                                                          exceptionally              against the
                                                                                  in recent      peer group of ASX 200 Resources Index (excluding
                                                                                            times.
                        oil and gas companies and non-mining companies), which included many gold companies, the total shareholder
                        F ixed reof
                        returns  muwhich
                                     neratihave
                                            on been exceptionally strong in recent times.
                        No
                        Fixefixed
                            d remremuneration
                                   uneration      increases were awarded to Executive KMP in 2025. There have been no increases to
                        Executive KMP fixed remuneration since 2022 and the Managing Director’s fixed remuneration has not changed
                        No  fixed
                        since  his remuneration
                                    commencement  increases  were
                                                       in 2016.    awarded
                                                                 The  Board to
                                                                            willExecutive KMP
                                                                                 review the   in 2025.Director
                                                                                            Managing     There have
                                                                                                                and been  no increases
                                                                                                                     Executive         to
                                                                                                                               KMP fixed
                        Executive
                        remunerationKMPlevels
                                         fixedduring
                                               remuneration
                                                     the 2026since
                                                                year.2022 and the Managing Director’s fixed remuneration has not changed
                        since his commencement in 2016. The Board will review the Managing Director and Executive KMP fixed
                        N on-executivelevels
                        remuneration     Direcduring
                                              tor remthe
                                                      une2026
                                                          rationyear.

                        N nchanges
                        No  -executivwere
                                      e Dirmade
                                           ector rto
                                                   emNon-executive
                                                      uneration    Director fees in 2025 and there are no planned changes in 2026.

                        No changes were made to Non-executive Director fees in 2025 and there are no planned changes in 2026.



                        1
                          The targets set in relation to Unit Cash Cost of Production and for Operating Cash Flow are disclosed on page 51 and are compared with actual results delivered. The
                        financial earnings target (ROC) is not disclosed as Iluka does not consider this to be in the best interest of its shareholders. Iluka believes maintaining confidentiality on
                        financial earnings targets, even on a retrospective basis, is important in maintaining our competitive advantage and is in the best interests of shareholders.
                        2 The targets set in relation to Unit Cash Cost of Production and for Operating Cash Flow are disclosed on page 51 and are compared with actual results delivered. The
                        1
                          The EIP was the legacy combined short- and long-term incentive plan in place for KMP prior to 2023. Effective from 1 January 2023, incentive awards for KMP were
                        financial under
                        granted   earnings target STIP
                                        separate   (ROC)and
                                                         is not disclosed as Iluka does not consider this to be in the best interest of its shareholders. Iluka believes maintaining confidentiality on
                                                            LTIP.
                        financial earnings targets, even on a retrospective basis, is important in maintaining our competitive advantage and is in the best interests of shareholders.
                        2
                          The EIP was the legacy combined short- and long-term incentive plan in place for KMP prior to 2023. Effective from 1 January 2023, incentive awards for KMP were
                                                                                                                                                                               Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   41
                        granted under separate STIP and LTIP.
                 2026 REMUNERATION APPROACH

                 The Board’s ongoing priority is to ensure Iluka’s remuneration framework remains competitive, incentivises
                 executives, drives the delivery of the company’s strategy and aligns to shareholder outcomes.
                 During 2025, the Board conducted a review of executive incentive arrangements, including benchmarking against
                 peer companies. This review was undertaken at a time where Iluka is focussed on driving the growth of its rare
                 earths business, advancing the Eneabba rare earths refinery and continuing to navigate a challenging mineral sands
                 market. It is an imperative, for the delivery of its strategy, that Iluka continues to be attractive to both current and
                 potential executives, and that decision-making is focussed on delivering sustainable value over time. Following this
                 review, the Board has approved a number of changes to the Company’s incentive structures for 2026. Further detail
                 is provided in section 4.
                 The Board is confident these changes will support delivery of Iluka’s strategic objectives and long-term value to
                 shareholders.
                 Yours sincerely




For personal use only
                 ANDREA SUTTON
                 Chair of the People and Performance Committee




     42           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        2025 AT A GLANCE
                        2025 Key metrics:




For personal use only
                        1
                            Reflects cash flow generated by the Mineral Sands business. Excludes growth costs, Deterra dividend and Northern Minerals investment
                        2
                            Reflects ROC for the Group Incentive Scorecard which is adjusted to remove the Deterra dividend
                        3
                            Reflects production for the Group Incentive Scorecard, which includes by product costs and Zircon-in-Concentrate in 2025



                        How this year’s performance compares to previous years:
                        The following table outlines historic business performance outcomes:
                            KPI                                                                            2025               2024              2023                2022            2021

                            Net profit/(loss) after tax ($m) – Reported                                   (288.4)            231.3             342.6               588.5           365.9
                            Net profit/(loss) after tax ($m) – Underlying4                                  78.0             230.6             343.3               597.0           314.8
                            Net profit/(loss) after tax ($m) – Underlying, excluding Deterra               48.4              209.1             315.4               558.8           296.4
                            Underlying EBITDA (Group) ($m)5                                                329.3             498.8             581.8               946.4           652.3
                            Underlying EBITDA margin (%)                                                    33.8               44               47.0                54.8            43.9
                            Free cash flow ($ million)                                                    (887.8)           (288.1)           (159.6)              444.3           299.5
                            Earnings per share/(loss per share) (cents)                                    (67.3)             54.1              80.5               138.6            86.7
                            Return on equity (%)                                                           (12.1)             10.2              17.1                 33             25.9
                            Closing share price ($)                                                         5.79              5.05              6.60                9.53            9.89
                            Total dividends declared for the year (cents)                                     5                 8                 7                  45              24
                            Franking credit level (%)                                                       100               100               100                 100             100
                            Average AUD: USD spot exchange rate (cents)                                     64.5              66.0              66.5                69.5            75.1
                            Revenue per tonne Z/R/SR sold ($/t)                                            1,913             2,196             2,314               2,214.7         1,593

                        4
                          Underlying net profit/(loss) after tax and Group EBITDA excludes adjustments relating to impairments and write-downs; profit on
                        demerger; and changes to rehabilitation provisions for closed sites
                        5
                          Underlying net profit/(loss), excluding the income derived from Deterra Royalties. Deterra Royalties demerged from the Group in
                        November 2020.




                                                                                                                                                                      Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   43
                 TABLE OF CONTENTS

                 This Remuneration Report contains the following sections.


                        SECTION 1
                                              Section 1 defines the KMP at Iluka covered in this Remuneration Report.     Page 45
                        Who is covered
                        by this Report?

                        SECTION 2
                                              Section 2 describes Iluka’s remuneration philosophy and the 2025
                        Executive             remuneration structure for Executive KMP (including further detail on the   Page 46
                        remuneration          STIP and LTIP).
                        framework –
                        overview




For personal use only
                        SECTION 3
                                              Section 3 details 2025 remuneration outcomes for Executive KMP
                        2025 Executive        including fixed remuneration, STIP outcomes and LTIP performance            Page 51
                        KMP                   rights vesting outcomes where relevant.
                        remuneration
                        outcomes

                        SECTION 4
                        2026 Executive        Section 4 describes the 2026 remuneration structure for Executive KMP
                                                                                                                          Page 56
                        KMP                   (including further detail on changes to STIP and LTIP).
                        remuneration
                        arrangements

                        SECTION 5
                                              Section 5 details policy fee and benefits for the company’s Non-executive
                                                                                                                          Page 58
                        Non-executive         Directors including relevant statutory remuneration disclosure.
                        Director
                        remuneration

                                              Section 6 provides an overview of key elements of the company’s
                        SECTION 6
                                              remuneration governance framework and other governance disclosures          Page 60
                        Remuneration          for 2025.
                        governance

                        SECTION 7             Section 7 provides an update for all relevant statutory remuneration
                        Additional            disclosures as required by the Corporations Act 2001 (if not disclosed      Page 62
                        remuneration          elsewhere in the Report).
                        disclosures




     44           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        1.      WHO IS COVERED BY THIS REPORT?
                        This Report details the remuneration arrangements for Iluka’s KMP. KMP are those persons who, directly or
                        indirectly, have authority and responsibility for planning, directing, and controlling activities of the company. The
                        KMP members over the 2025 year comprised the following Executive KMP and Non-executive Directors.

                            Name                  Position                                                       Term as KMP

                            Executive KMP

                            Current Members

                            T O’Leary             Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Managing        Full year
                                                  Director)




For personal use only
                            A Stratton            Chief Financial Officer and Head of Development                Full year

                            M Blackwell           Head of Projects and Sales & Marketing                         Full year

                            S Tilka               Chief Operating Officer, Mineral Sands                         Full year

                            Non-executive Directors

                            Current Members

                            J Mactier1            Chair, Independent Non-executive Director                      Partial year

                            A Sutton2             Acting Chair (partial year), Independent Non-executive         Full year
                                                  Director

                            S Corlett             Independent Non-executive Director                             Full year

                            L Saint               Independent Non-executive Director                             Full year

                            P Smith               Independent Non-executive Director                             Full year




                        1
                            J Mactier appointed Chair effective 5 May 2025
                        2
                            A Sutton acting Chair from 13 November 2024 to 4 May 2025




                                                                                                                             Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   45
                  2.        EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK – OVERVIEW
                  2.1 SNAPSHOT

                  REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES

                  Iluka’s Remuneration Principles (outlined below) provide the foundations for how remuneration is structured and awarded to
                  achieve our purpose of delivering sustainable value.




For personal use only
                  EXECUTIVE FRAMEWORK AND COMPONENTS

                  Executive KMP remuneration at Iluka is comprised of a mix of fixed and at-risk components to attract, retain and motivate
                  executives. The table below provides an overview of the different remuneration components within the Iluka Remuneration
                  framework. Further detail on the executive remuneration framework is outlined on the following page.

                        Component             Delivery                                                  Approach and Rationale

                        Fixed                 Consists of base salary and superannuation.               Fixed remuneration is set considering:
                        remuneration                                                                    ■ Trajectory of the company’s growth and key strategic
                                                                                                            objectives
                                                                                                        ■ Relevant market comparators
                                                                                                        ■ Executive KMP’s experience and performance
                                                                                                        ■ Executive KMP’s role responsibilities


                        Short-term            Delivered as cash (50% of the award) and restricted       Provides an award based on performance against an
                        incentives (STIP)     shares (50% of the award).                                annual scorecard of financial, non-financial and strategic
                                              Restricted shares are subject to one- and two-year        measures. Measures are set considering Iluka’s annual
                                              disposal restriction periods and continuity of service.   performance objectives and aligned to short- to mid-term
                                                                                                        strategy.




                        Long-term             Delivered as performance rights vesting over four         Drives focus on long-term company performance and creates
                        incentives (LTIP)     years.                                                    alignment with returns generated for our shareholders over the
                                                                                                        long term. Performance is measured through relative TSR
                                                                                                        against the S&P / ASX 200 Resources Index (excluding
                                                                                                        companies primarily engaged in the oil and gas sector and non-
                                                                                                        mining activities).

                               Minimum shareholding requirement: 200% of fixed remuneration (MD), 100% of fixed remuneration (other Executive KMP)




                  PAY MIX FOR PERFORMANCE

                  The following diagram sets out the mix for fixed and at-risk remuneration for Executive KMP during 2025. Remuneration
                  packages for Executive KMP are weighted towards at-risk remuneration to drive performance for our shareholders.




     46           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        2.2 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN
                        OVERVIEW

                        The following diagram outlines Iluka’s executive remuneration framework for FY25.




For personal use only
                        STIP – KEY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS


                         Question              Answer

                         How is it paid?       For all Executive KMP, STIP awards are delivered as 50% cash and 50% restricted shares which
                                               are released from disposal restrictions in equal tranches one year following the grant date (first
                                               tranche) and two years following the grant date (second tranche). Restricted shares are granted
                                               at no cost to the participants because they are awarded as remuneration.

                         How much can          STIP opportunities are expressed as a percentage of fixed remuneration.
                         participants
                         earn under the                                                 STIP Target                  STIP Maximum
                         STIP?                                                   (% of fixed remuneration)      (% of fixed remuneration)
                                                      Managing Director                     80%                           120%
                                                      Other Executive                       60%                            90%
                                                      KMP

                         What                  The Board sets an annual scorecard to focus the Executive KMP on financial, non-financial and
                         performance           strategic imperatives they can influence and are critical to Iluka’s long-term performance. Group
                         measures will         Scorecard performance objectives are reviewed each year to ensure they remain relevant in the
                         inform the STIP       context of Iluka’s strategy and the external environment conditions. In 2025 no changes were
                         awards?               made from the 2024 annual scorecard.
                                               In 2025 scorecard objectives covered:
                                               ■    Financial performance (50%);
                                                              Group ROC% (15%);
                                                              Operating Cash Flow $m (15%); and
                                                              Unit Cash Costs of Production $/t (20%)
                                               ■    Sustainability performance focused on health and safety performance and systems,
                                                    environmental management, proactive rehabilitation and the Climate Change Work Program
                                                    (25%); and
                                               ■    Individual strategic measures (25%).




                                                                                                                               Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   47
                        Question              Answer

                                              The Board aims to ensure that objective targets are quantifiable and drive the right commercial
                                              and strategic outcomes for Iluka. Section 3 provides a detailed explanation of the specific
                                              targets set in 2025, how they were measured and the Board’s assessment of performance.

                        How are STIP          STIP outcomes are calculated based on the following schedule, with a sliding scale operating
                        awards are            between threshold and target, and between target and stretch:
                        determined?
                                                               Performance Level                      STIP Outcome (% Target)
                                                               Threshold                                          50%
                                                               Target                                             100%
                                                               Stretch (maximum)                                  150%

                        Who assesses          STIP outcomes are determined by the Board following an assessment of performance measures
                        STIP                  at the end of the 2025 performance period and with regard to financial metrics, Iluka’s




For personal use only
                        performance?          performance, and broader market factors.

                        How is the            The number of restricted shares awarded to each participant is based on a face value
                        number of             methodology. This is determined by dividing the dollar value of the STIP award to be deferred by
                        restricted            the Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) of Iluka shares traded on the ASX over the five
                        shares to be          trading days following the release of the company’s FY25 full-year results.
                        granted to
                        participants
                        determined?

                        What happens if       Unless the Board determines otherwise, in the event of an Executive KMP resigning or ceasing
                        participants          employment for cause (e.g. serious or wilful misconduct, negligence etc): all unvested restricted
                        leave before the      shares will lapse.
                        vesting date?
                                              If an Executive KMP ceases employment for any other reason or circumstances (including death,
                                              total and permanent disability, retirement or redundancy): unvested restricted shares will remain
                                              on foot and be subject to the original terms of the award.

                        What happens          The Board has discretion to determine that some or all of the equity restrictions be lifted, in the
                        on a change of        event of a takeover or other transaction that in the Board’s opinion should be treated as a
                        control?              change of control event.

                        Do any clawback       The Board may clawback incentives that have vested and that have been paid or awarded to
                        or malus              participants in certain circumstances. In addition, restricted shares may be forfeited in certain
                        provisions            circumstances during the disposal restricted period. For example, restricted shares may lapse if
                        apply?                a participant acts fraudulently or dishonestly or if there is a material misstatement or omission in
                                              the accounts of a Group company.

                        What does the         In determining whether to exercise discretion, the Board will have regard to all relevant factors at
                        Board take into       the time, which may include the performance of the company and the participant over the
                        account when          performance period and the proportion of the performance period that has elapsed. Other
                        considering           factors considered by the Board include the operating environment and the context in which
                        whether to            targets were set, alignment with stakeholder expectations and any serious health, safety or
                        exercise              environmental incidents. Consideration of these factors may lead to the exercise of discretion to
                        discretion?           increase or decrease award outcomes.

                        What happens in       In the event of a fatality or a serious safety incident, the Board will consider the exercise of its
                        the event of a        discretion taking into account all relevant factors at the time.
                        fatality or a
                        serious safety
                        incident?

                        Do restricted         Restricted shares carry voting rights and participants are entitled to dividends paid during the
                        shares have any       disposal restriction period.
                        dividend and
                        voting rights?




     48           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        LTIP – KEY QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS


                         Question            Answer

                         How is it paid?     LTIP awards are granted in the form of performance rights and are granted at no cost to
                                             participants because they are awarded as remuneration.

                         How much can
                         participants                                                         LTIP face value (Maximum)
                         earn under the                                                        (% of fixed remuneration)
                         LTIP?                           Managing Director                               120%
                                                         Other Executive KMP                             90%


                         What                Performance rights will be subject to a relative TSR performance measure which will be
                         performance         measured over a four-year period commencing on 1 January 2025 against the S&P / ASX 200




For personal use only
                         measures will       Resources Index constituents (excluding companies primarily engaged in the oil and gas sector
                         inform the LTIP     and non-mining activities). Relative TSR was selected as the performance measure for the LTIP
                         awards?             award because it aligns the interests of KMP with that of Iluka’s shareholders.
                                             Vesting is subject to the sliding scale below:

                                                          Performance level to be achieved              Percentage vesting
                                                          Below 50th percentile                                  0%
                                                          50th percentile                                        50%
                                                          Between 50th and 75th percentile              Sliding scale vesting
                                                          75th percentile or above                              100%

                         How is the          The number of performance rights awarded to each participant is based on a face value
                         number of rights    methodology. This is determined by dividing the dollar value of the LTIP maximum opportunity
                         to be granted to    for FY25 by the VWAP of Iluka shares traded on the ASX over the five trading days following the
                         participants        release of the company’s FY25 full-year results.
                         determined?

                         Who assesses        Incentive outcomes are determined by the Board following an assessment of the performance
                         the LTIP            measure at the end of the four-year performance period. The assessment of the relative TSR
                         performance?        performance measures involves calculation of the relative TSR results by an external
                                             remuneration advisor as soon as practicable after the end of the relevant performance period.

                         What happens        On vesting, participants are generally entitled to one Iluka share for each performance right that
                         on vesting of the   vests. No amount is payable on vesting of performance rights. Any performance rights that do
                         LTIP?               not vest automatically lapse. There is no re-testing of performance rights.

                         What happens if     Unless the Board determines otherwise, in the event of an Executive KMP resigning or ceasing
                         participants        employment for cause (e.g. serious or wilful misconduct, negligence etc): all unvested
                         leave before the    performance rights will lapse.
                         vesting date?
                                             If an Executive KMP ceases employment for any other reason or circumstances (including death,
                                             total and permanent disability, retirement or redundancy): unvested performance rights will
                                             remain on foot and be subject to the original terms of the award.

                         What happens        The Board has discretion to determine that vesting of some or all of the equity awards be
                         on a change of      accelerated, in the event of a takeover or other transaction that in the Board’s opinion should be
                         control?            treated as a change of control event.

                         Do any clawback     The Board may clawback incentives that have vested and that have been paid or awarded to
                         or malus            participants in certain circumstances. In addition, performance rights may lapse in certain
                         provisions          circumstances during the performance period. For example, performance rights may lapse if a
                         apply?              participant acts fraudulently or dishonestly or if there is a material misstatement or omission in
                                             the accounts of a Group company.




                                                                                                                                Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   49
                        Question              Answer

                        What does the         In determining whether to exercise discretion, the Board will have regard to all relevant factors at
                        Board take into       the time, which may include the performance of the company and the participant over the
                        account when          performance period and the proportion of the performance period that has elapsed.
                        considering
                        whether to
                        exercise
                        discretion?

                        Are participants      No dividends are paid on performance rights prior to vesting. Performance rights do not carry
                        entitled to           voting entitlements.
                        voting rights and
                        dividends?




For personal use only




     50           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        3.      2025 EXECUTIVE KMP REMUNERATION OUTCOMES
                        3.1 2025 FIXED REMUNERATION OUTCOMES
                        There were no changes to fixed remuneration for KMP in 2025.

                        3.2 2025 STIP SCORECARD AND OUTCOMES ACHIEVED
                        The STIP Scorecard is approved by the Board at the commencement of the financial year and focuses executives
                        on business priorities over the one-year performance period. Outlined below are the targets that were set for 2025,
                        and the level of performance achieved.
                        We have provided specific targets for Unit Cash Costs of Production and Operating Cash Flow to provide greater
                        transparency. Specific targets are not disclosed in relation to ROC due to commercial sensitivity. Iluka’s approach
                        to the marketing and pricing of its products is key to achievement of the company’s objective to deliver sustainable
                        value. Iluka believes maintaining confidentiality on financial earnings targets, even on a retrospective basis, is
                        important to maintaining the company’s competitive advantage and is in the best interests of shareholders.




For personal use only
                                                                     Threshold to target            Target to stretch
                                                   Below threshold
                            Scorecard measure                                                                                                             Performance and outcome

                                                                                           Target                       Stretch


                        FINANCIALS (50%)                                                                                          Outcome – 60% of target; 40% of maximum achieved


                                                                                                                                  Unit Cash Costs of Production achieved of $1,067 per tonne represented a
                                                                                                                                  stretch outcome ($1,105/t stretch), supported by Company-wide continued
                                                                                                                                  efforts to reduce production costs and strong performance in production of
                            Unit Cash Costs of                                                                                    Zircon-in-Concentrate (ZIC).
                            Production $/t                                                                                        In 2025, ZIC was included in Group Unit Cash Costs of Production target to
                                                                                                                                  incentivise management to maximise production. The Operations and
                            Target: 1,166 $/t1            Stretch                                                                 Marketing teams employed a number of initiatives to source, blend and
                                                                                                                                  market additional concentrate from remnant material, producing more ZIC
                            Weighted: 20%                                                                                         than the plan and enabling total sales of 111kt in 2025.
                                                                                                                                  The decision to idle the Cataby mine and SR2 kiln from December
                                                                                                                                  to further manage costs and draw down on product stockpiles in
                                                                                                                                  2026 has led to more ongoing cost reductions across the business.2

                            Operating Cash Flow
                                                                                                                                  Challenging cash flow targets were set for 2025 as the Group focused on
                                                                                                                                  cash generation to support growth opportunities. With subdued market
                            Target: $445m                 Below
                                                                                                                                  conditions in mineral sands, Z/R/SR sales volumes were below budget,
                                                          Threshold
                                                                                                                                  resulting in threshold performance not being achieved.
                            Weighted: 15%

                                                                                                                                  Despite the continued focus on cost reduction, subdued market conditions
                            Group ROC (%)3                Below                                                                   have impacted the returns generated, including the recognition of a $351
                                                          Threshold                                                               million impairment charge and the write-down of inventory by $215 million,
                            Weighted: 15%
                                                                                                                                  resulting in negative ROC outcomes, delivering below threshold performance.
                        1
                              Unit Cosh Costs of Production targets and outcomes includes production related to by-products and Zircon-in-Concentrate.
                        2
                              Normalising the 'targets' by removing the associated December costs (post Cataby and SR2 idling) and production ([1/12th]
                              of target in each case) would also have resulted in this metric achieving the stretch outcome.
                        3
                              The targets and outcomes are adjusted to exclude the income derived from Iluka’s investment in Deterra Royalties.




                                                                                                                                                                                            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   51
                                                                    Threshold to target            Target to stretch
                                                  Below threshold
                        Scorecard measure                                                                                                                   Performance and outcome

                                                                                          Target                       Stretch


                 SUSTAINABILITY (25%)                                                                                            Outcome – 112% of target; 75% of maximum achieved
                        Trusted by our people & communities

                                                                                                                                 TRIFR of 3.4 was between target and stretch for 2025.
                        Group Total
                        Recordable Injury                                                                                        Work hours were approximately 30% higher than 2024, reflecting the
                        Frequency Rate                    Between                                                                increased project construction activities and higher risk exposure. There were
                        (TRIFR)                           Target and                                                             18 injuries in 2025 (compared to 16 in 2024). This was largely driven by hand
                                                          Stretch                                                                and finger and musculoskeletal injuries. Only one injury out of the 18 was
                        Target: 3.5                                                                                              classified as a Serious Potential Incident (SPI). Construction activity was well
                                                                                                                                 managed across the year. There were only three SPIs in total in 2025




For personal use only
                        Weighted: 5%                                                                                             compared to 14 in 2024.

                                                                                                                                 In 2025, Iluka Health, Safety and Training focused on system improvement in
                        Health and Safety                                                                                        Contractor Management, Verification of Competency (VOC) and close out of
                        System Improvements                                                                                      hazard identification. These initiatives delivered improved risk management
                                                                                                                                 and system efficiency. The achievements include:
                        Target: Achieve work              Between                                                                • Contractor Health and Safety Management System rolled out including
                        program objectives for            Target and                                                               revised contractor categories, data entry portal, pre-qualification
                        3 key initiatives                 Stretch                                                                  documents and associated processes.
                                                                                                                                 • Standardised VOC process rolled out aligning Iluka process with regulatory
                        Weighted: 5%                                                                                               and industry practices.
                                                                                                                                 • Hazard identification and associated action closure was targeted. The rate
                                                                                                                                   improved from 82% to 97% in 2025.

                        Responsible for the environment

                                                                                                                                 Management focused on minimising the open area for rehabilitation in 2025,
                                                                                                                                 despite expanding footprints at Balranald, resulting in an additional 82ha of
                        Mine Closure Risk (ha)                                                                                   open area in 2025 against a target of 125ha. The outcome reflects continued
                        Minimisation of open                                                                                     progress made on our operating mines (Cataby and Jacinth-Ambrosia) to
                        mining area against                                                                                      optimise their rehabilitation and disturbance activity throughout the year. A
                        plan                              Between                                                                total of 272ha of rehabilitation was achieved across all mine sites, including
                                                          Target and                                                             82ha of progressive rehabilitation at the operating mines.
                        Target: 125ha                     Stretch
                                                                                                                                 Reduced planned disturbances at Cataby, due to the decision to idle
                        Weighted: 3%                                                                                             operations, was taken into account for the final three-months of the year (the
                                                                                                                                 outcome was adjusted to avoid an unintended overstated outcome). The
                                                                                                                                 resulting outcome was between target and stretch.

                        Group environmental                                                                                      For 2025, there were three incidents classified as Level 3 or
                        level 3 and above                                                                                        above , representing a stretch outcome. This is an improvement from seven
                        incidents1                                                                                               Level 3+ in 2024 and was mainly due to a reduction in the number of turbid
                                                          Stretch                                                                water incidences following improved surface water management controls
                        Target: 7.0                                                                                              implemented at Cataby to mitigate off-site discharges during high rainfall
                                                                                                                                 periods. NORM management and ground disturbance processes (factors in
                        Weighted: 6%                                                                                             prior year Level 3 incidents) were also improved.

                        Operating in and providing products for a low carbon world
                        Climate Change Work
                        Program
                                                                                                                                 The 2025 Climate Change Work Program was set against metrics relevant for
                        Target: Achieve work              Between                                                                the seven initiatives tracked throughout the year. Iluka achieved a between
                        program objectives for            Threshold and                                                          threshold and target outcome for progress achieved related to those
                        7 key initiatives                 Target                                                                 initiatives. Full detail of Iluka’s work in relation to those initiatives is set out in
                                                                                                                                 the Sustainability Report (Climate-Related Financial Disclosures) (page 66).
                  Weighted: 6%
                 GROUP SCORECARD2                                                                                                Outcome – 77% of target; 52% of maximum achieved
                 1
                         Group environmental incident classification guidelines effective for 2025, to ensure incident level classifications were based on actual
                         environmental impact rather than potential environmental impact. The 2025 target was set based on the revised historical outcomes over the
                         past five years, applying the 2025 incident classification framework. Calculation of the target and outcome under the prior guidelines would
                         have also resulted in a stretch outcome.
                 2
                         Total Group Scorecard outcome (Financial and Sustainability components)

     52           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        3.3 MANAGING DIRECTOR INDIVIDUAL OBJECTIVES
                        Individual strategic objectives were set based on individual Executive KMP accountabilities. Outlined below is the assessment of
                        the Managing Director (MD)’s performance against the Individual Strategy scorecard measure and corresponding STIP outcome.




                                                                       Threshold to Target            Target to Stretch
                                                     Below threshold
                         Scorecard measure
                                                                                                                                    Performance and outcome
                         (weight) – 25%
                                                                                             Target                       Stretch

                        INDIVIDUAL STRATEGY                                                    Outcome – 88% of target; 59% of maximum
                                                       •                   Good progress with Eneabba construction, with civil works substantially complete and all
                                                                           equipment procured. The project remains on budget at $1.7-$1.8 billion with commissioning
                                                                           in 2027.
                                                       •                   Continued diversifying rare earth feed sources, entering another rare earth concentrate
                                                                           supply agreement, this time with Lindian Resources, securing 10% of the refinery’s capacity
                         Advance diversification                           feedstock for 15 years, with options to significantly increase the volume and duration of the
                         of portfolio into rare




For personal use only
                                                                           contract.
                         earths in a prudent           •                   Operational readiness plans advancing in line with the schedule for Eneabba’s
                         manner                                            commissioning including detailed planning, organisation design, major operational supply
                                                                           contracts and maintenance and asset management strategies.
                                                       •                   Marketing strategy progressing, with broader acknowledgement of the necessity for
                                                                           alternative pricing mechanisms to ensure sustainable returns.
                                                       •                   Metallisation feasibility study progressing.

                                                       •                  Completed construction of Balranald mineral sands project and commenced
                                                                          commissioning activities.
                         Pursue value accretive
                                                       •                  Since 2014, Iluka has invested substantially in resolving a range of technical challenges
                         opportunities in mineral
                                                                          associated with Wimmera’s zircon. This has included the challenge of physical separation
                         sands to deliver
                                                                          (fineness of, and impurities in, the Wimmera region zircon). Absent a suitable processing
                         sustainable value over
                                                                          solution, the Wimmera zircon is ineligible for sale into key markets. Iluka has successfully
                         the long term with a view
                                                                          tested the flowsheet developed for the Iluka Wimmera deposit and produced finished zircon
                         to extending reserve life
                                                                          products; customer testing has confirmed ~40% of extracted zircon sand is suitable for
                                                                          ceramics with markets identified for 60% of all zircon extracted.

                                                       •                   Disciplined approach to production and supply, with production activities at the company’s
                                                                           Cataby mine and Synthetic Rutile kiln 2 (SR2) in Western Australia suspended effective 1
                                                                           December 2025. Suspending production was prudent in dealing with the demand
                                                                           uncertainty in mineral sands and in positioning for recovery. It reflects the discipline that is a
                                                                           longstanding feature of Iluka’s approach. The suspension will enable inventory and cash
                         Optimise price and                                liberation, cost savings and the preservation of balance sheet strength.
                         volume settings               •                   Worked co-operatively with key long-term contract (LTC) customers regarding their offtake
                                                                           obligations, as well as the challenges they face and how they can be accommodated in a
                                                                           manner that was mutually beneficial, resulting in rebalancing some customer obligations
                                                                           over 2025 and 2026.
                                                       •                   A complete cost reset was undertaken in November 2025, reducing costs by ~$36 million
                                                                           per annum ensuring a sustainable cost base for future operations.


                        The Individual strategy scorecard area outcomes for other Executive KMP ranged from 58% to 96% of target.

                        3.4 OVERALL STIP SCORECARD OUTCOME FOR THE MD



                                                                                                                                                                                               Threshold to target            Target to stretch
                                                                                                                                                                             Below threshold
                                                                                                                                              Outcome         Weighted
                         Scorecard measure                                                             Weight
                                                                                                                                              (out of 100%)   Outcome
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Target                       Stretch


                         Group Scorecard                                                               75%                                    77%             58%

                         Individual Strategy MD Outcome                                                25%                                    88%             22%

                         OVERALL MD RESULT                                                                                                                    80%




                                                                                                                                                                         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025                                         53
                 3.5 STIP AWARDS FROM 2025 SCORECARD OUTCOMES
                 The following table presents the outcomes of the STIP awards attributed to the 2025 performance year. The face value of
                 restricted shares has been presented, as the fair value will not be determined until the grant is made in March 2026.

                                                                                           % of             % of                % of
                                                                    Maximum                                                                                              STIP
                         Executive           Target STIP                                  target          maximum             maximum                 STIP
                                                                      STIP                                                                                            restricted            Total
                           KMP               opportunity                                   STIP             STIP                STIP                  Cash
                                                                   opportunity                                                                                          shares
                                                                                          earned           earned             forfeited
                        T O’Leary            $1,120,000            $1,680,000               80.0              53.3                46.7             $448,000           $448,000           $896,000

                        A Stratton            $438,000              $657,000                81.9              54.6                45.4             $179,361           $179,361           $358,722

                        M Blackwell           $438,000              $657,000                72.4              48.3                51.7             $158,556           $158,556           $317,112

                        S Tilka               $390,000              $585,000                77.0              51.3                48.7             $150,150           $150,150           $300,300



                 3.6 VESTING OF 2021 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN (EIP) PERFORMANCE RIGHTS




For personal use only
                 40% of Executive KMPs’ total 2021 EIP award was granted as performance rights. The EIP was the legacy combined incentive
                 plan in place prior to 2023.

                 These performance rights were tested and assessed by the Board based on Iluka’s TSR performance in relation to the S&P / ASX
                 200 Resources Index (excluding companies primarily engaged in the oil and gas sector and non-mining activities) over the five
                 years to 31 December 2025 (as per the vesting schedule below).

                 While TSR was very strong in absolute terms at 58.1%, Iluka ranked at the 31st percentile against Iluka’s peer group, which
                 included many gold companies, the total shareholder returns of which have been exceptionally strong in recent times.

                 The 2021 EIP Performance Rights were assessed as follows:

                 Relative TSR

                        Weighting:                                             100%

                        Actual Score:                                          TSR of 58.1% - 31st percentile of comparator group

                        Outcome:                                               0% vesting - Iluka’s TSR is below the 50th percentile of peer group (as per the terms
                                                                               of the 2021 EIP Performance Rights).



                 3.7 SUMMARY OF REALISED REMUNERATION EARNED BY EXECUTIVE KMP IN 2025
                 This Section uses non-IFRS information to show the “realised remuneration” received by Executive KMP for 2025. This is a
                 voluntary disclosure intended to demonstrate the link between the remuneration received by Executive KMP and the performance
                 of Iluka over 2025. Refer to following Section 3.8 for statutory remuneration disclosure.

                                                                                                                       STIP
                                                     Fixed                                                                                                     2021 EIP
                        Executive KMP                                                                                             Restricted                                                 Total
                                                  remuneration1                Other2                   Cash3                                                Performance
                                                                                                                                   shares3
                                                                                                                                                            rights vesting4
                        T O’Leary                   $1,400,000                $56,110                $448,000                      $448,000                          $0                  $2,352,110

                        A Stratton                    $730,000                $24,551                $179,361                      $179,361                          $0                  $1,113,273

                        M Blackwell                   $730,000                $26,891                $158,556                      $158,556                          $0                  $1,074,003

                        S Tilka                       $650,000                $13,481                $150,150                      $150,150                          $0                   $963,781
                 1
                          Fixed Remuneration earned consists of base salary plus superannuation
                 2
                          Represents car parking for T O’Leary, A Stratton and M Blackwell, FBT value of car benefit for S Tilka, equivalent cash payment for missed dividend for M Blackwell
                          relating to a late grant of his 2024 STIP Restricted Shares valued at $2,229.88 and dividend equivalent payments in relation to vesting of 2021 EIP Tranche 4 and 2022
                          EIP Tranche 3 payable in March 2026 for all KMP. Dividend equivalent payments are no longer made under the STIP or LTIP in place since 2023.
                 3
                          Relates to outcome from 2025 STIP. Restricted shares vest in two tranches in March 2027 and 2028. This represents the face value of the grant being made.
                 4
                          Reflects outcome of the 2021 EIP Performance Rights detailed in Section 3.6.




     54           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                For personal use only
                                             3.8 EXECUTIVE KMP STATUTORY REMUNERATION DISCLOSURES
                                             Details of the remuneration of the Executive KMP, prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and the relevant Australian Accounting
                                             Standards, are set out in the following tables.

                                                                                                                                           Other long-term                   Share based payments4                                      %
                                                                            Short-term benefits         Post-employment benefits                                                                                                    Perform-
                                                                                                                                              benefits
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ance
                                                 Name         Year
                                                                                                          Non-         Superann-        Termin-      Accrued          STIP             LTIP                                           based
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Statutory       remun-
                                                                        Base salary     STIP cash1      Monetary         uation          ation        AL and       restricted      performance       EIP rights
                                                                                                                                                                                      Rights                           total         eration
                                                                                                        benefits2       benefits        benefits       LSL3          shares
                                                              2025        $1,370,034       $448,000      $14,299           $29,966             $0        ($20,719)     $430,697        $814,556         $687,482      $3,774,315        63.1%
                                              T O’Leary
                                                              2024        $1,371,335       $448,000      $13,968           $28,666             $0        ($33,864)     $394,537        $628,883        $1,029,572     $3,881,097        64.4%
                                                              2025         $700,034        $179,361      $14,299           $29,966             $0         $14,734      $192,496        $294,457         $204,197      $1,629,544        53.4%
                                               A Stratton
                                                              2024         $701,334        $186,150      $13,968           $28,666             $0         $14,915      $157,795        $221,846         $293,967      $1,618,641        53.1%
                                               M              2025         $700,034        $158,556      $14,299           $29,966             $0         $22,540      $179,964        $294,457         $204,305      $1,604,121        52.2%
                                               Blackwell      2024         $701,334        $175,748      $16,798           $28,666             $0         ($4,680)     $153,752        $221,846         $293,443      $1,586,907        53.2%
                                                              2025         $620,034        $150,150        $4,622          $29,966             $0         $33,641      $169,591        $262,189         $173,771      $1,443,964        52.3%
                                               S Tilka
                                                              2024         $621,335        $168,675        $8,021          $28,666             $0         $55,676      $142,930        $197,535         $243,136      $1,465,974        51.3%
                                               Total          2025        $3,390,136       $936,067      $47,519          $119,864             $0         $50,196      $972,748       $1,665,659       $1,269,755     $8,451,944        57.3%
                                                              2024        $3,395,338       $978,573      $52,755          $114,664             $0         $32,047      $849,014       $1,270,110       $1,860,118     $8,552,619        58.0%
                                             1
                                                 STIP cash payment for 2025 will be made in March 2026.
                                             2
                                                 Represents car parking for Executive KMP based in Perth and FBT value of car benefit for S Tilka.
                                             3
                                                 Represents the movement in the annual and long-service leave provisions during the year. Any reduction in accrued annual leave reflects more leave taken than which accrued in the period.
                                             4
                                                 Amounts relate to the fair value of awards made under various incentive plans attributable to the year measured in accordance with AASB 2 Share Based Payments.




Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025




            55
                 4.         2026 EXECUTIVE KMP INCENTIVE ARRANGEMENTS
                 4.1 REVIEW OF EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE ARRANGEMENTS
                 In 2025, the Board reviewed executive incentive arrangements to ensure they effectively support Iluka’s strategy, retain and
                 incentivise executives, and focus decision-making on delivering sustainable value over time.

                 Over the last few years, the Managing Director and Executive KMP have been implementing a strategy that provides Iluka with
                 the potential to be a globally significant supplier of rare earths. Securing the delivery of the Eneabba rare earths refinery over
                 the next three years is critical to the success of the rare earths business and our long-term strategy. To support delivery of this
                 important project, the Board has implemented a number of changes to the 2026 executive incentive arrangements. These
                 changes are designed to reward value creation for shareholders by driving an unwavering focus on delivery of Iluka’s strategic
                 priorities through the commissioning and ramp-up of the Eneabba refinery.

                 The Board’s review of current executive incentive arrangements included benchmarking against Iluka’s direct competitors for
                 talent in critical minerals. It is clear from this review that Iluka’s arrangements are not sufficiently competitive to retain the current
                 team or attract future executives into Iluka, particularly given the relative strength of other commodities to mineral sands at this
                 time (and the incentive structures that executives in those companies reap the benefits of), and the competitive market for
                 skilled and experienced executives in critical minerals.




For personal use only
                 Against this backdrop, and to ensure management is delivering significant value creation for shareholders, in 2026 the Board
                 will implement a number of changes to the incentive arrangements. These changes aim to improve competitiveness and tighten
                 alignment of incentive outcomes with delivery of key strategic initiatives. Section 4.2 below summarises the revised incentive
                 arrangements, with the changes detailed in Sections 4.3 to 4.5 below.

                 4.2 2026 REMUNERATION ARRANGEMENTS OVERVIEW
                 The following diagram outlines Iluka’s executive remuneration arrangements for FY26.




                 4.3 2026 STIP ARRANGEMENTS
                 STIP deferral

                 Consistent with the current STIP, 50% of the short-term incentive award is delivered in cash and 50% is deferred into restricted
                 shares. From 2026, the deferral period for the restricted share component will be one year (a change from previous deferral
                 arrangements where half was deferred for one year, with the remaining half deferred for two years). This change simplifies the
                 structure and will align Iluka with its peers in critical minerals and increase the competitiveness of the STIP offering.

                 STIP scorecard

                 Changes have also been made to the 2026 Group STIP scorecard to tightly align the performance assessed to Iluka’s key
                 strategic priorities. The 2026 STIP measures are set out in the following table:

                        Component       Weighting       Measures                                     Rationale

                        Financial       50%             •      ROC (%)                               The financial measures maintain a focus on prudent allocation
                                                        •      EBITDA margin (%)                     of capital, earnings, production and cost performance.
                                                        •      Production (Z/R/SR t)
                                                        •      Unit Cash Costs of Production ($/t)




     56           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                            Projects          20%             •      ERER progress milestones                  The introduction of a project component ensures STIP
                                                              •      Balranald ramp up                         outcomes are aligned to delivery of Iluka’s key strategic
                                                                                                               projects. 2026 targets will focus on meeting earned
                                                                                                               value targets for ERER within the calendar year and
                                                                                                               design production rates for Balranald by the end of the
                                                                                                               first half.

                            Sustainability    10%             •      Group TRIFR                               Sustainability measures have been simplified, prioritising
                                                              •      HSEC audit program performance            safety and environment performance and continuous
                                                              •      Group Level 3+ environmental              improvement.
                                                                     incidents

                            Individual        20%             Individual objectives aligned to delivery of Iluka’s strategy
                            Strategy


                        4.4 2026 ONE-OFF LONG-TERM STRATEGIC AWARD
                        The one-off incentive award, with performance assessed over the next three years, is intended to incentivise the executive over
                        this specific period which is critical to the delivery of the Eneabba refinery.




For personal use only
                        Key terms of the 2026 one-off long term strategic award are:

                            Term                        Detail

                            Award quantum               50% of LTIP Face Value (Maximum) opportunity


                            Award delivery              100% Performance Rights


                            Performance period          Three years from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2028


                            Performance measure         Performance will be assessed and outcome determined by the Board at the end of the
                                                        performance period, against the following objectives:
                                                              •   target 15ktpa of REO feed rate into the plant;
                                                              •   meet on-specification production of PrNd oxide;
                                                              •   meet on-specification production of dysprosium and terbium oxides.

                        1
                         Eneabba refinery maximum plant feed rate of 18ktpa (before recovery losses) of contained REO when processing the Eneabba stockpile, as
                        disclosed in Iluka’s Investor Briefing Day material on 5 May 2025. The incentive hurdle represents over 80% of potential plant capacity (using
                        Eneabba stockpile feed only) in the first year of operation.

                        All other terms and conditions are consistent with those of the LTIP set out in section 2.2.

                        4.5 2026 LTIP ARRANGEMENTS
                        2026 LTIP awards structure remains the same, with the addition of a second measure to assess performance over the four year
                        performance period. All other terms and conditions remain consistent with those set out in section 2.2.

                        2026 LTIP measures

                            Measure           Weighting           Detail                                                Rationale

                            Relative Total    50%                 RTSR measured against a peer group                    This measure directly aligns executive remuneration
                            Shareholder                           consisting of S&P / ASX 200 Resources Index           outcomes with the delivery of shareholder value
                            Return (RTSR)                         (excluding companies primarily engaged in the         over the longer term
                                                                  oil and gas sector and non-mining activities)

                            Delivery of       50%                 Measure to be set each year aligned to the            The inclusion of a second performance
                            strategic                             delivery of key strategic projects and initiatives    measure will align Iluka with market practice
                            initiatives                                                                                 and aligns executive performance with delivery
                                                                  For 2026, performance will be assessed by the         of strategic initiatives which have the potential
                                                                  Board, at the end of the performance period,          to deliver significant value for shareholders
                                                                  against the following measures:                       over the long-term
                                                                        •      target 16ktpa of REO output rate2;
                                                                        •      achieve 90% recovery on PrNd ;
                                                                        •      achieve 90% recovery on DyTb.
                                                                        •      secure additional feedstock
                                                                               (beyond Eneabba monazite
                                                                               stockpile) of 8kt contained NdPr (or
                                                                               Dy or Tb equivalent) minimum


                        2
                          Total REO plant capacity is 23ktpa with all circuits fully utilised, using a blend of feed sources. Plant REO output rate based on Eneabba stockpile
                        feed is 16.0ktpa, as disclosed in Iluka’s Investor Briefing Day material on 5 May 2025.




                                                                                                                                                         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   57
                 5.         NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
                 5.1 2025 NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR FEE POLICY
                 The Board sets the fees for its Non-executive Directors in line with the key objectives of Iluka’s Non-executive Director
                 remuneration policy set out below. Fees are reviewed annually and are set at a level that is sufficient to attract and retain high-
                 calibre Directors with the skills and experience required to oversee a business of Iluka’s size and complexity.



                                                   The Board’s policy is to remunerate Non-executive Directors at market-competitive rates to attract and
                                                   retain Non-executive Directors of the requisite expertise having regard to:
                         Market
                                                   •    market data;
                         competitive
                                                   •    the size and complexity Iluka’s operations; and
                                                   •    the workload and time commitment of Directors.




For personal use only
                         Preserve and              •    Non-executive Director remuneration consists of base fees and additional fees for the Chair and
                                                        members of any Board Committee (with the exception of the Nomination Committee).
                         safeguard
                                                   •    No element of Non-executive Director remuneration is ‘at-risk’ (i.e. Directors are not entitled to
                         independence
                                                        any performance-related pay such as share or bonus schemes designed for Executive KMP or
                         and impartiality               employees) to preserve their independence and impartiality.




                                                   •    Non-executive Directors are required to hold securities in Iluka to create alignment between the
                                                        interests of Non-executive Directors and shareholders.
                         Alignment with
                                                   •    Non-executive Directors are subject to a minimum shareholding requirement equal to 1x their
                         shareholders                   annual Board base member fee (exclusive of superannuation). Refer to section 6.2 for further
                                                        detail.




                 5.2 AGGREGATE FEE
                 The current annual aggregate fee pool for Non-executive Directors is capped at $1.8 million (including statutory contributions),
                 as approved by shareholders at Iluka’s AGM in May 2015.

                 5.3 2025 FEES AND OTHER BENEFITS
                 Non-executive Director fees for 2025 are outlined in the table below. No changes were made to Non-executive Director fees in
                 2025.

                        2025 Board and Committee Fees                                              Chair                                      Member
                        (excl. superannuation)                                           2024                  2025                   2024               2025
                        Board                                                          $321,400              $321,400               $128,800           $128,800
                        Audit and Risk Committee                                       $36,100                $36,100                $18,100            $18,100
                        People and Performance Committee                               $30,600                $30,600                $15,350            $15,350
                        Nomination and Governance Committee                                Nil                   Nil                    Nil                  Nil
                        Sustainability Committee                                       $30,600                $30,600                $15,350            $15,350

                 The minimum required employer superannuation contribution up to the statutory maximum is paid into each Non-executive
                 Director’s nominated eligible fund and is in addition to the above fees. The statutory value for superannuation increased in 2025.
                 Non-executive Directors are not entitled to retirement benefits other than statutory superannuation or other statutory required
                 benefits.




     58           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        5.4 STATUTORY REMUNERATION TABLE
                        The fees paid to Non-executive Directors in 2025 are outlined below, prepared in accordance with the requirements of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and the relevant Australian Accounting Standards.

                                                                                          Non-
                                                                    Board and
                            Name                     Year                                Monetary         Superannuation           Statutory Total
                                                                  Committee Fees
                                                                                         Benefits
                            Current Non-executive Directors
                            J Mactier1              2025              $211,832               $0                $20,880                $232,712
                                                    2024                 $0                  $0                   $0                     $0
                            A Sutton2               2025              $227,624               $0                $24,856                $252,480
                                                    2024              $181,832               $0                $20,512                $202,344
                            S Corlett               2025              $177,500               $0                $20,856                $198,356
                                                    2024              $164,792               $0                $18,545                $183,337
                            L Saint                 2025              $187,886               $0                 $4,947                $192,833
                                                    2024              $180,250               $0                 $9,914                $190,164
                            P Smith3                2025              $159,500               $0                $18,741                $178,241




For personal use only
                                                    2024               $75,234               $0                 $8,652                 $83,886
                            Former Non-executive Directors
                            R Cole4                 2025                 $0                  $0                  $0                      $0
                                                    2024              $278,036               $0                $25,436                $303,472
                            M Bastos5               2025                 $0                  $0                  $0                      $0
                                                    2024              $118,333               $0                $13,165                $131,498
                            Total fees              2025              $964,342               $0                $90,280               $1,054,622
                                                    2024              $998,477               $0                $96,224               $1,094,701
                        1
                          J Mactier appointed Chair on the 5 May 2025.
                        2
                          A Sutton was acting Chair from 13 November 2024 to 4 May 2025.
                        3
                          P Smith became a Non-executive Director on the 28 June 2024.
                        4
                          R Cole retired as Chair on 13 December 2024. Remuneration disclosures for 2024 reflect the period he was a Non-executive
                             Director.
                        5
                          M Bastos retired as a non-executive Director on 31 August 2024. Remuneration disclosure for 2024 reflect the period he was a
                             Non-executive Director.




                                                                                                                                 Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   59
                 6.         REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
                 6.1 REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK

                 Executive KMP remuneration decision-making is governed by the Iluka remuneration governance framework. The Iluka People
                 and Performance Committee Charter can be found at www.iluka.com/about-iluka/governance.


                                                                                  BOARD
                                     Delegation and oversight of remuneration decisions to People and Performance Committee (PPC)

                                                                           WITH ADVICE FROM:
                                                           PPC
                                                                                                                    MANAGEMENT
                        Reports on and recommends people and remuneration strategy,
                        frameworks and outcomes to the Board to support the Company’s                 Proposes appointments, succession plans,
                        purpose to deliver sustainable value. Operating in accordance with the        policies, remuneration structures and
                        Charter as approved by the Board, responsibilities include:                   remuneration outcomes to PPC for review and




For personal use only
                                                                                                      recommendation to the Board.
                        •    Overall remuneration strategy of the Company
                        •    Incentive Plan offers and outcomes including all equity offers to
                             employees
                        •    Workforce planning, capability and engagement strategy and                INDEPENDENT EXTERNAL ADVISORS
                             succession planning for key roles
                                                                                                      Engaged by the Company to provide
                        •    Performance and remuneration for the Managing Director and               information on remuneration related issues
                             Executives, and remuneration of Non-executive Directors                  including market practice, remuneration
                        •    Diversity Strategy, policies and practices of the Company                benchmarking and market data.

                                                                                BASED ON:

                                                                     REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES
                                           Aligned with Iluka’s People Policy and form the basis of Iluka’s remuneration framework




                 6.2 MINIMUM SHAREHOLDING REQUIREMENT (MSR)
                 Executive KMP are required to acquire and hold a personally significant shareholding in Iluka to align to the interests of
                 shareholders over a reasonable time frame taking into account vesting and taxation obligations. See Section 7.3 and 7.4 for details
                 of current KMP shareholdings.
                                        To align the interests of the Executive KMP with those of Iluka, the Company has a minimum shareholding policy
                                        that requires the Executive KMP to hold the minimum shareholding within five years of appointment to an
                                        Executive role and three years from appointment as Managing Director.

                                        The MSR policy for Executive KMP is as below:

                     Executive KMP MSR policy                                                      % of Fixed Remuneration (year-end)

                                        Managing Director                                            200%
                                        Other Executives                                             100%

                                        As of 31 December 2025, all members of the Executive KMP meet the MSR.

                 Non-executive The Board is committed to Non-executive Directors acquiring and holding a shareholding within three years of
                 Directors     appointment. The Chair and other Non-executive Directors are required to hold such a number that the aggregate
                               value is at least equal to 100% of their annual Board base member fee (exclusive of superannuation)1. As at 31
                               December 2025, 4 of the 5 Non-executive Directors meet the MSR.

                 See Section 7 for details of current KMP shareholdings.
                 1
                     Excludes committee fees and superannuation




     60           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        6.3 SECURITIES TRADING POLICY

                        Securities         Directors and employees (including Executive KMP) are prohibited from trading in financial products issued
                        Trading Policy     or created over the company’s securities created by third parties, and from trading in associated products
                                           and entering into transactions which operate to limit the economic risk of holdings of unvested Iluka securities
                                           or vested Iluka securities which are subject to a holding lock.

                                           The Securities Trading Policy is available on the company’s website at www.iluka.com.


                        6.4 EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
                        Iluka’s Executive KMP are employed on terms set out in individual employment agreements which do not contain a fixed term. Key
                        terms of the agreements are as follows:

                                                                                               Termination Notice Period by Termination
                        Executive KMP         Position
                                                                                               Iluka or Employee            Benefit

                        T O'Leary             Managing Director                                6 months                            6 months




For personal use only
                                              Chief Financial Officer and Head of
                        A Stratton                                                             6 months                            6 months
                                              Development

                        M Blackwell           Head of Projects and Sales & Marketing           3 months                            6 months


                        S Tilka               Chief Operating Officer, Mineral Sands           3 months                            6 months


                        If the Executive KMP’s employment is terminated by Iluka (other than for gross misconduct or on other grounds for summary
                        dismissal), the executive may be eligible to receive a termination payment to a maximum of six months fixed remuneration
                        (inclusive of any payment made in lieu of notice).

                        Iluka may terminate Executive KMP’s employment agreements without notice and without providing payment in lieu of notice
                        where there is gross misconduct or other grounds for summary dismissal.

                        6.5 ENGAGEMENT OF EXTERNAL REMUNERATION CONSULTANTS

                        External remuneration consultants were engaged by the PPC in 2025 to provide market data and market insights in relation to
                        executive remuneration arrangements. The remuneration consultants did not provide a ‘Remuneration Recommendation’ as
                        defined in the Corporations Act 2011 during the 2025 financial year.




                                                                                                                                     Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   61
                 7.          ADDITIONAL REMUNERATION DISCLOSURES
                 7.1 EXECUTIVE KMP SHARE–BASED REMUNERATION
                 RESTRICTED RIGHTS/SHARES

                 The table below shows the number of restricted rights/shares (RRs) that were granted, vested and forfeited during the 2025
                 year. The table includes RRs that were granted under the EIP and the STIP that replaced the EIP in 2023. The table also includes
                 additional rights granted to keep participants “whole” in relation to the demerger of Sierra Rutile Ltd in 2022. The terms and
                 conditions of previous years’ incentive awards are outlined in the relevant year’s Remuneration Report, available at
                 www.Iluka.com.
                                                                                                             Number of restricted rights                                   Value of restricted rights
                                                                    Balance                                                                                  Balance                     Value vested
                                                                    at 1 Jan                   Vested / exercised into                                          at        Granted in      / exercised
                                                                                 Granted                                        Lapsed during 2025
                                                                     2025                          shares in 2025                                            31 Dec         2025 1
                                                                                                                                                                                        into shares in
                            Award               Grant date                        during
                                                                      KMP                                                                                     2025                           20252
                                                                                   2025
                                                                     start                                                                                                    $
                                                                                                    #              %              #              %              #                              $
                                                                      date
                        T O’Leary




For personal use only
                                             1 March 2021 and
                        2020 EIP RRs3,6                             18,344            -           (18,344)        (25%)            -              -              -              -              81,046
                                               18 Aug 2022
                                             13 April 2022 and
                        2021 EIP RRs4,6                             78,757            -           (39,394)        (25%)            -              -          39,363             -             174,047
                                               18 Aug 2022

                        2022 EIP RRs5,6        10 May 2023          106,876           -           (35,626)        (25%)            -              -          71,250             -             157,399

                        2023 STIP RRs
                                               7 May 2024           82,071            -           (41,036)        (50%)            -              -          41,035             -             181,301
                          (shares)7
                        2024 STIP RRs
                                               2 May 2025               -          99,472               -           -              -              -          99,472         410,819               -
                          (shares)8
                        A Stratton
                                             1 March 2021 and
                        2020 EIP RRs3,6                              6,451            -           (6,451)         (25%)            -              -              -              -              28,501
                                               18 Aug 2022
                                             23 Feb 2022 and
                        2021 EIP RRs   4,6
                                                                    18,300            -           (9,150)         (25%)            -              -           9,150             -              40,426
                                               18 Aug 2022

                        2022 EIP RRs5,6        16 Feb 2023          29,182            -           (9,728)         (25%)            -              -          19,454             -              42,979

                        2023 STIP RRs
                                               15 Feb 2024          31,815            -           (15,908)        (50%)            -              -          15,907             -              70,283
                          (shares)7
                        2024 STIP RRs
                                               13 Feb 2025              -          41,332               -           -              -              -          41,332         195,500               -
                          (shares)8
                        M Blackwell
                                             1 March 2021 and
                        2020 EIP RRs3,6                              6,443            -           (6,443)         (25%)            -              -              -              -              28,466
                                               18 Aug 2022
                                             23 Feb 2022 and
                        2021 EIP RRs4,6                             18,816            -           (9,408)         (25%)            -              -           9,408             -              41,565
                                               18 Aug 2022

                        2022 EIP RRs5,6        16 Feb 2023          28,548            -           (9,516)         (25%)            -              -          19,032             -              42,043

                        2023 STIP RRs
                                               15 Feb 2024          31,815            -           (15,908)        (50%)            -              -          15,907             -              70,283
                          (shares)7
                        2024 STIP RRs
                                               13 Feb 2025              -          39,023               -           -              -              -          39,023         184,579               -
                           (shares)8
                        S Tilka
                                             1 March 2021 and
                        2020 EIP RRs3,6                              4,118            -           (4,118)         (25%)            -              -              -              -              18,194
                                               18 Aug 2022
                                             23 Feb 2022 and
                        2021 EIP RRs4,6                             16,180            -           (8,090)         (25%)            -              -           8,090             -              35,742
                                               18 Aug 2022

                        2022 EIP RRs5,6        16 Feb 2023          24,135            -           (8,045)         (25%)            -              -          16,090             -              35,544

                        2023 STIP RRs
                                               15 Feb 2024          28,809            -           (14,405)        (50%)            -              -          14,404             -              63,643
                          (shares)7
                        2024 STIP RRs
                                                13 Feb 2025               -          37,452             -              -             -             -          37,452       177,148                 -
                          (shares)8
                 1
                          Value at point of grant, was $4.73 for KMP and $4.13 for MD
                 2
                          Value at point of vest. Share price at 1 March 2025 was $4.41
                 3
                          The initial grant date reflects the original RRs that were allocated in relation to the 2020 EIP award. “Top up” rights were granted in Aug 2022 as a result of the Sierra
                          Rutile Ltd demerger, in order to keep participants “whole” and further details can be found in section 7 of the 2022 Remuneration Report
                 4
                          The initial grant date reflects the original RRs that were allocated in relation to the 2021 EIP award. “Top up” rights were granted in Aug 2022 as a result of the Sierra
                          Rutile Ltd demerger, in order to keep participants “whole” and further details can be found in 2022 Remuneration Report.
                 5
                          The initial grant date reflects the original RRs that were allocated in relation to the 2022 EIP award.
                 6
                          The 2020, 2021 and 2022 EIP Restricted Rights are subject to time based restrictions, vesting in 4 equal tranches over 4 years from grant date. The rights also
                          attract dividend equivalent payments and are subject to cessation of employment, change of control and clawback provisions consistent with those set out in
                          section 2. Further detail can be found in the relevant year’s Remuneration Report.
                 7
                          The initial grant date reflects the original Restricted Shares allocated in relation to the 2023 Executive STIP award.
                 8
                          The initial grant date reflects the original Restricted Shares allocated in relation to the 2024 Executive STIP award.




     62           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        PERFORMANCE RIGHTS

                        The table below shows the number of performance rights (PRs) that were granted, vested and forfeited during the 2025 year.
                        The table includes PRs that were granted under the EIP and the LTIP that replaced the EIP in 2023. The terms and conditions of
                        previous years’ incentive awards are outlined in the relevant year’s Remuneration Report, available at www.iluka.com.
                                                                                                                                                                                 Value of performance
                                                                                                                Number of performance rights
                                                                                                                                                                                         rights
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Value
                                                                        Balance                                                                                   Balance                       vested /
                                                                        at 1 Jan                     Vested / exercised into                                         at         Granted in     exercised
                                                                                      Granted                                        Lapsed during 2025
                                Award                                    2025                            shares in 2025                                           31 Dec          20252           into
                                                       Grant date                      during
                                                                          KMP                                                                                      2025                         shares in
                                                                                       20251
                                                                         start                                                                                                      $            20253
                                                                          date
                                                                                                         #              %               #              %             #                                   $

                            T O’Leary
                                                    1 March 2021 and
                            2020 EIP PRs4,6                              48,923           -              -               -           (48,923)        100%             -              -                   -
                                                      18 Aug 2022
                                                    13 April 2022 and
                            2021 EIP PRs5,6                             105,031           -              -               -              -              -          105,031            -                   -
                                                      18 Aug 2022




For personal use only
                             2022 EIP PRs6            10 May 2023        95,001           -              -               -              -              -           95,001            -                   -

                              2023 LTIP   7
                                                      10 May 2023       160,928           -              -               -              -              -          160,928            -                   -

                              2024 LTIP   8
                                                      7 May 2024        236,744           -              -               -              -              -          236,744            -                   -

                              2025 LTIP               2 May 2025            -         373,019            -               -              -              -          373,019         773,641                -
                            A Stratton
                                                    1 March 2021 and
                            2020 EIP PRs4,6                              17,203           -              -               -           (17,203)        100%             -              -                   -
                                                      18 Aug 2022
                                                    23 February 2022
                            2021 EIP PRs5,6                              36,600           -              -               -              -              -           36,600            -                   -
                                                    and 18 Aug 2022
                             2022 EIP PRs     6
                                                    16 February 2023     38,910           -              -               -              -              -           38,910            -                   -

                              2023 LTIP7              1 May 2023         62,935           -              -               -              -              -           62,935            -                   -

                              2024 LTIP   8
                                                      16 April 2024      92,584           -              -               -              -              -           92,584            -                   -

                              2025 LTIP               2 May 2025            -         145,877            -               -              -              -          145,877         302,549                -
                            M Blackwell
                                                    1 March 2021 and
                            2020 EIP PRs4,6                              17,185           -              -               -           (17,185)        100%             -              -                   -
                                                      18 Aug 2022
                                                    23 February 2022
                            2021 EIP PRs      5,6
                                                                         37,634           -              -               -              -              -           37,634            -                   -
                                                    and 18 Aug 2022
                             2022 EIP PRs     6
                                                    16 February 2023     38,064           -              -               -              -              -           38,064            -                   -

                              2023 LTIP7              1 May 2023         62,935           -              -               -              -              -           62,935            -                   -

                              2024 LTIP   8
                                                      16 April 2024      92,584           -              -               -              -              -           92,584            -                   -

                              2025 LTIP               2 May 2025            -         145,877            -               -              -              -          145,877         302,549                -
                            S Tilka
                                                    1 March 2021 and
                            2020 EIP PRs4,6                              10,307           -              -               -           (10,307)        100%             -              -                   -
                                                      18 Aug 2022
                                                    23 February 2022
                            2021 EIP PRs      5,6
                                                                         32,362           -              -               -              -              -           32,362            -                   -
                                                    and 18 Aug 2022
                             2022 EIP PRs     6
                                                    16 February 2023     32,180           -              -               -              -              -           32,180            -                   -

                              2023 LTIP7              1 May 2023         56,038           -              -               -              -              -           56,038            -                   -

                              2024 LTIP8              16 April 2024      82,438           -              -               -              -              -           82,438            -                   -

                              2025 LTIP               2 May 2025            -         129,891            -               -              -              -          129,891         269,394                -
                        1
                               Performance rights granted in respect of the 2025 LTIP, which form part of the share based payments for 2025 to 2028.
                        2
                               Fair Value of $8.06 at point of grant for KMP and for MD’s grant is $8.24 for the 2022 EIP and a Fair Value of $8.45 at point of grant for KMP and $8.78 for MD’s grant
                               for the 2023 LTIP and a Fair Value of $4.24 at point of grant for KMP and $5.10 for MD’s grant for the 2024 LTIP and a Fair Value of $2.07 at point of grant for KMP
                               and MD 2025 LTIP
                        3
                               No performance rights vested in 2025.
                        4
                               The initial grant date reflects the original performance were allocated in relation to the 2020 EIP award. "Top up" rights were granted in Aug 2022 as a result of the
                               Sierra Rutile Ltd demerger, in order to keep participants "whole" and further details can be found in section 7 of the 2022 Annual Report.
                        5
                               The initial grant date reflects the original performance were allocated in relation to the 2021 EIP award. "Top up" rights were granted in Aug 2022 as a result of the
                               Sierra Rutile Ltd demerger, in order to keep participants "whole" and further details can be found in the 2022 Remuneration Report.
                        6
                               The 2020, 2021 and 2022 EIP Performance Rights are subject to a 5 year performance period, tested against a relative total shareholder return tested against a
                               comparator group consisting of constituents of the S&P / ASX 200 Resources Index (excluding companies primarily engaged in the oil and gas sector and non-
                               mining activities) with vesting based on a sliding scale . The Performance Rights also attract dividend equivalent payments only on those rights that vest and are
                               subject to cessation of employment, change of control and clawback provisions further details can be found in the their respective Remuneration Reports.
                        7
                               The 2023 LTIP Performance Rights are subject to a 4 year performance period, tested against a relative total shareholder return test against a comparator group
                               consisting of constituents of the S&P / ASX 200 Resources Index (excluding companies primarily engaged in the oil and gas sector and non-mining activities) with
                               vesting based on a sliding scale. The LTIP Performance Rights do not attract dividend equivalent payments. Further details can be found in the 2023 Remuneration
                               Report.
                        8
                               The 2024 LTIP Performance Rights are subject to a 4 year performance period, tested against a relative total shareholder return test against a comparator group
                               consisting of constituents of the S&P / ASX 200 Resources Index (excluding companies primarily engaged in the oil and gas sector and non-mining activities) with
                               vesting based on a sliding scale. The LTIP Performance Rights do not attract dividend equivalent payments. Further details can be found in the 2024 Remuneration
                               Report.


                                                                                                                                                                            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   63
                 7.2 FAIR VALUE OF EQUITY GRANTS
                 The fair value of each restricted right or performance right and the vesting year for each incentive plan is set out below. The
                 maximum value of restricted rights and/or performance rights yet to vest is not able to be determined as it is dependent on
                 satisfaction of service and performance conditions and Iluka’s future share price. The minimum value of unvested restricted rights
                 and/or performance rights is nil.

                                                                                                                              Fair Value per
                         Incentive Plan                    Grant Date                          Grant Type                     Right at Grant                       Vesting (Expiry) Date
                                                                                                                                 Date $1
                                                                                                                                                         1 March 2023, 1 March 2024, 1
                                                   23 February 2022                    Restricted rights                             10.99
                        2021 EIP  2                                                                                                                      March 2025, 1 March 2026
                                                   23 February 2022                    Performance rights                             9.90               1 March 2026
                                                                                                                                                         1 March 2023, 1 March 2024, 1
                                                   13 April 2022                       Restricted rights                             12.54               March 2025,
                        2021 EIP (MD)3                                                                                                                   1 March 2026
                                                   13 April 2022                       Performance rights                            11.45               1 March 2026




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                         1 March 2024, 1 March 2025, 1
                                                                                       Restricted rights                             10.92
                        2022 EIP4                  16 February 2023                                                                                      March 2026, 1 March 2027
                                                                                       Performance rights                             8.06               1 March 2027
                                                                                                                                                         1 March 2024, 1 March 2025, 1
                                                                                       Restricted rights                             11.30
                        2022 EIP (MD)5             10 May 2023                                                                                           March 2026, 1 March 2027
                                                                                       Performance rights                             8.24               1 March 2027
                                                                                                                                                         1 March 2025 (Tranche 1), 1 March
                        2023 STIP6                 15 February 2024                    Restricted shares                              7.09
                                                                                                                                                         2026 (Tranche 2)
                                                                                                                                                         1 March 2025 (Tranche 1), 1 March
                        2023 STIP (MD)6            7 May 2024                          Restricted shares                              7.09
                                                                                                                                                         2026 (Tranche 2)
                        2023 LTIP7                 1 May 2023                          Performance rights                             8.45               1 March 2027

                        2023 LTIP (MD)8            10 May 2023                         Performance rights                             8.78               1 March 2027
                                                                                                                                                         1 March 2026 (Tranche 1), 1 March
                        2024 STIP9                 13 February 2025                    Restricted shares                              4.71
                                                                                                                                                         2027 (Tranche 2)
                                                                                                                                                         1 March 2026 (Tranche 1), 1 March
                        2024 STIP (MD)9            2 May 2025                          Restricted shares                              4.13
                                                                                                                                                         2027 (Tranche 2)
                        2024 LTIP10                16 April 2024                       Performance rights                             4.24               1 March 2028

                        2024 LTIP (MD)11           7 May 2024                          Performance rights                             5.10               1 March 2028
                                                                                                                                                         1 March 2027 (Tranche 1, 1 March
                        2025 STIP12                March 2026                          Restricted shares                              5.79
                                                                                                                                                         2028 (Tranche 2)
                        2025 LTIP13                2 May 2025                          Performance rights                             2.07               1 March 2029
                 1
                          The fair value is calculated in accordance with the measurement criteria of Accounting Standard AASB 2 Share Based Payments.
                 2
                          Represents the share price on the grant date of restricted rights, and fair value of $9.90 for performance rights awarded to Executive KMP.
                 3
                          Represents the share price on the grant date of restricted rights and fair value of $11.45 for the Managing Director’s award under the 2021 EIP for which the
                          performance period concluded on 31 December 2021. Shareholder approval for the grant of restricted rights and performance rights to the Managing Director was
                          obtained under ASX Listing Rule 10.14 at the 2021 Annual General Meeting
                 4
                          Represents the share price on the grant date of restricted rights, and fair value of $8.06 for performance rights awarded to Executive KMP.
                 5
                          Represents the share price on the grant date of restricted rights and fair value of $8.24 for the Managing Director’s award under the 2022 EIP for which the performance
                          period concluded on 31 December 2022. Shareholder approval for the grant of restricted rights and performance rights to the Managing Director was obtained under
                          ASX Listing Rule 10.14 at the 2022 Annual General Meeting
                 6
                          Represents the fair value of $7.09 for restricted shares award to Executive KMP for the 2023 STIP in 2024 following the release of the company’s 2023 annual results.
                 7
                          Represents the fair value of $8.45 for performance rights awarded to Executive KMP for the 2023 LTIP at 1 May 2023
                 8
                          Represents the fair value of $8.78 for performance rights awarded to Managing Director for the 2023 LTIP at 10 May 2023. Shareholder approval for the grant of
                          performance rights to the Managing Director was obtained under ASX Listing Rule 10.14 at the 2022 Annual General Meeting
                 9
                          Represents the fair value of $4.50 for restricted shares award to Executive KMP for the 2024 STIP in 2025 following the release of the company’s 2024 annual results..
                 10
                          Represents the fair value of $4.24 for performance rights awarded to Executive KMP for the 2024 LTIP at 16 April 2024
                 11
                          Represents the fair value of $5.10 for performance rights awarded to Managing Director for the 2024 LTIP at 7 May 2024. Shareholder approval for the grant of
                          performance rights to the Managing Director was obtained under ASX Listing Rule 10.14 at the 2023 Annual General Meeting
                 12
                          Represents the estimated fair value of restricted shares to be awarded under the 2025 Executive STIP for which the performance period concluded on 31 December
                          2025, calculated using the closing share price of $5.79 at 31 December 2025. The fair value will be determined in 2026 following the release of the company’s 2025
                          annual results.
                 13
                          Represents the fair value of $2.07 for performance rights award to Managing Director and Executive KMP for 2025 LTIP at 2 May 2025. Shareholder approval for the
                          grant of performance rights to the Managing Director was obtained under ASX Listing Rule 10.14 at the 2024 Annual General Meeting




     64           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        7.3 SHAREHOLDINGS OF EXECUTIVE KMP AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES

                                                                                     Number of shares1
                                                           Vesting/    Awarded as
                                             Balance       exercise                                       Total                                        Minimum
                                                                       Restricted
                                             held at       of share                       Other          Balance                         Unrestri-      share-
                            Name                                         shares                                         Restricted   3
                                                                                                                                                       holding
                                              1 Jan         rights                       changes2       held at 31                        cted4
                                                           pursuant    pursuant to                                                                      met?5
                                              2025                                                      Dec 2025
                                                            to EIP        STIP
                            T O’Leary       1,505,417          -          99,472              -          1,604,889       251,120         1,353,769        Yes
                            A Stratton       229,482           -          41,332          (15,000)        255,814         86,162          169,652         Yes
                            M Blackwell      118,609           -          39,023            (160)         157,472         83,370           74,102         Yes
                            S Tilka          149,280           -          37,452              -           186,732         76,036          110,696         Yes
                        1     Includes shares held directly or through a nominee or agent (e.g. family trust).
                        2     Other changes may include those due to personal trades.
                        3     Restricted includes both restricted shares and rights that have only a time-base vesting component.
                        4
                              Unrestricted are ordinary shares with restrictions on transactions.
                        5     As at 31 December 2025 with share price of $5.79




For personal use only
                        7.4 SHAREHOLDINGS OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES

                                                                                   Number of shares1
                                                                                                                                              Minimum
                            Name                        Balance held at                                       Balance held at            shareholding met?2
                                                                                   Net movement
                                                          1 Jan 2025                                           31 Dec 2025
                            J Mactier3                         -                       50,000                     50,000                         No
                            S Corlett                       25,800                        -                       25,800                         Yes
                            L Saint4                        27,102                        -                       27,102                         Yes
                            A Sutton                        32,000                     15,000                     47,000                         Yes
                            P Smith4                        17,141                     12,139                     29,280                         Yes
                        1     Non-Executive Directors do not receive share based remuneration and movements in their shareholdings reflect on-market trades.
                        2
                              As at 31 December 2025 share price of $5.79
                        3
                              J Mactier appointed Chair from 5 May 2025
                        4
                              Includes shares held indirectly through a nominee or agent (e.g. family trust)



                        7.5 OTHER DISCLOSURES
                        On-market share purchases
                        Iluka issued 1,461,200 shares to satisfy employee incentive schemes in 2025, at an average price of $4.59 per
                        share.
                        Transactions with key management personnel
                        During the financial year there were no products or services purchases by Executive KMP from the Group (2025:
                        nil) and there are no amounts payable at 31 December 2025 (2025: nil).
                        Loans with KMPs
                        There have been no loans to Executive KMP during the financial year (2025: nil).




                                                                                                                                           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   65
                        SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
                        (CLIMATE-RELATED
                        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES)                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




                 1.      Basis of preparation                                           67
                 2.      Judgement and uncertainties                                    67
                 3.      Governance                                                     69
                 4.      Strategy and financial effects                                 73
                 5.      Resilience                                                     81
                 6.      Risk management                                                87
                 7.      Metrics and targets                                            88




For personal use only




     66           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        1.          BASIS OF PREPARATION
                        Iluka’s 2025 Sustainability Report (Climate-related Financial Disclosures) (‘this report’) represents a complete set of
                        climate-related financial disclosures for Iluka Resources Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, ‘Iluka’ or ‘the Group’) for
                        the financial year ended 31 December 2025.
                        This report has been prepared in accordance with AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures (AASB S2), the mandatory
                        Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard (ASRS) issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the
                        Corporations Act 2001.
                        As this is the first year in which Iluka has applied AASB S2, it has applied the following transition reliefs for the first annual
                        reporting period:
                              i)    Not to disclose comparative information in this report; and
                              ii)   Not to disclose Scope 3 GHG emissions
                        This report contains the sustainability-related financial information of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December
                        2025. It aligns with the reporting period of the Group’s consolidated financial statements. Information in the Annual Report
                        referred to in this report, or contained in a note to this report, forms part of, and is to be read in conjunction with, this report.




For personal use only
                        The currency for dollar values presented in this report is AUD, which aligns to the currency presented in the Group
                        consolidated financial statements.
                        This report contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking climate-related information prepared in accordance
                        with AASB S2. Such statements involve inherent risks, uncertainties, assumptions and contingencies, many of which are
                        outside Iluka’s control, and that may cause actual results, performance, outcomes or conditions to differ materially from
                        those expressed or implied. Forward-looking information, including scenario analysis, transition and physical risk
                        assessments, and projected emissions trajectories, is based on information available at the date of publication and
                        reflects assumptions considered reasonable at that time. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on this
                        information. Iluka does not undertake to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect new
                        information, future events or circumstances, except as required by law.


                        2.          JUDGEMENT AND UNCERTAINTIES
                        2.1         Judgements
                        The preparation and presentation of this report involves applying judgements to determine what information is relevant,
                        reliable and useful for disclosure. This includes interpreting reporting requirements and making informed decisions in
                        areas where the standard allows flexibility. Key judgements applied are summarised below.


                         Topic                   Description
                         Materiality             To identify relevant risks and opportunities and material information, Iluka exercised judgement in
                         assessment              assessing impacts and dependencies across the value chain that could reasonably be expected
                                                 to affect the Group’s strategy, business model or financial position. These judgements are
                                                 informed by the previous work it has undertaken under Task Force on Climate-related Financial
                                                 Disclosures (TCFD), external views and publications on industry-relevant risks and opportunities,
                                                 and the scenario analysis undertaken. Refer to section 5.
                         Greenhouse Gas          Iluka applies jurisdictionally-appropriate measurement methodologies for Scope 1 and Scope 2
                         (GHG) emissions         GHG emissions in accordance with AASB S2. For Australian operations (including Australian
                                                 rehabilitation sites), the Group applies the jurisdictional relief permitted under AASB S2 for
                                                 facilities that are registered and operating under the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act
                                                 2007 (NGER Act). Only operational, NGER-registered facilities are included within the Australian
                                                 emissions reporting boundary; all other Australian facilities are currently dormant. Consistent with
                                                 this relief, the Group applies the NGER Act as the applicable jurisdictional methodology, with
                                                 emission factors sourced from the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Measurement)
                                                 Determination 2008 (NGER Measurement Determination).




                                                                                                                                Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   67
                        Topic                  Description
                        Greenhouse Gas         For the Group’s international operations, which are located across the United States, Europe and
                        (GHG) emissions        China, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions are measured in accordance with the GHG Protocol: A
                        (continued)            Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004).
                                               Based on the Group’s materiality assessment, only emissions from United States operations are
                                               considered material to users of the Group’s climate-related financial disclosures. Accordingly,
                                               Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from United States operations are included within the Group’s
                                               defined reporting boundary. Emission factors for rehabilitation activities in the United States are
                                               sourced from the United States Environmental Protection Agency (US EPA) GHG Emission Factors
                                               Hub (2025).
                                               Emissions arising from operations in Europe and China are quantitatively and qualitatively
                                               immaterial, both individually and in aggregate, to the Group’s total GHG emissions and to its
                                               climate-related risks and opportunities. As a result, these emissions have not been separately
                                               measured or disclosed for the reporting period.




For personal use only
                                               Emissions are disclosed on a gross basis, without offsets, in metric tonnes of CO₂ equivalent
                                               (tCO₂e).


                                               Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from operations that are owned or controlled by the
                                               reporting company (diesel, coal consumption, natural gas, fuel, oil, greases and other ancillary
                                               sources). Scope 2 GHG emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased or
                                               acquired electricity that are owned or controlled by the reporting company. Refer to section 7 for
                                               calculation methodology used to derive Scope 2 emissions data.
                        Scenario               Iluka conducted scenario analysis using two distinct climate scenarios: one aligned with limiting
                        selection              global warming to 1.5°C (low warming) and another representing warming well above 2.5°C (high
                                               warming). To assess the resilience of its strategy and business model against transition risks,
                                               Iluka relied on the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) Phase V models—
                                               specifically, the Net Zero and Current Policies scenarios. The Current Policies scenario was chosen
                                               to represent the high warming pathway, as it is widely used according to the 2023 NGFS survey.1
                                               For physical risks, Iluka referenced the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Sixth
                                               Assessment Report (AR6) Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSP): SSP 1-1.9 (very low emissions)
                                               and SSP 5-8.5 (very high emissions). The SSPs are commonly used for physical risk scenario
                                               analysis across the mining and resources sectors.




                 2.2            Measurement uncertainty
                 Measurement uncertainty in this report arises from data gaps, external factors and forward-looking information. This
                 relates to:

                        Topic                        Description
                        GHG emission                 GHG quantification is unavoidably subject to significant inherent limitations because of
                        factors (refer to            incomplete scientific knowledge and inherent limitations in the nature of, and methods used
                        Metrics and Targets)         for, determining emissions factors and data. The selection by management of different but
                                                     acceptable emissions factors or measurement techniques could have resulted in materially
                                                     different GHG emissions reported.
                                                     Inherent limitations in emissions factors noted in the NGER Measurement Determination and
                                                     the US EPA GHG Factors Hub in general may affect GHG measurement outcomes. Iluka has
                                                     not changed its measurement approach for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions collation and
                                                     reporting from prior years.




                 1 NGFS, June. 2023, NGFS Survey on Climate Scenarios key findings.

                 https://www.ngfs.net/sites/default/files/medias/documents/ngfs_survey_results.pdf

     68           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                         Topic                    Description
                         Resilience               Forward-looking disclosures on transition risks rely on assumptions on:
                         assessment                 i) safeguard facility compliance costs, which are subject to regulatory and policy settings
                                                        that are uncertain beyond 2030; and
                                                    ii) assumptions about future energy mix, prices and demand that are subject to a high
                                                        degree of inherent uncertainty
                                                  While scenario analysis for climate-related risk/opportunity and resilience assessment has
                                                  been undertaken by downscaling trends from the global scenarios for carbon pricing and
                                                  energy prices applied to Iluka’s corporate plan assumptions, there is a high degree of
                                                  uncertainty as to the interplay of the assumptions considered in the global scenarios with
                                                  domestic regulation and government energy transition plans. Importantly, the scenarios
                                                  considered do not represent forecast assumptions.

                         Resilience               Physical risk assessments rely on external climate models and internal assumptions about
                         assessment               asset vulnerability. Iluka engaged an external service provider to generate site specific climate




For personal use only
                         (continued)              hazard projections derived from multiple credible Australian climate information sources.
                                                  These inputs involve significant levels of measurement uncertainty due to variability in climate
                                                  projections and assumptions about adaption measures. Resilience assessment for climate-
                                                  related physical risks has been undertaken with historically observed climate-related physical
                                                  risk events used to assess anticipated financial effects from such events in the future.
                                                  However, these effects have not been subject to further quantification beyond this. Physical
                                                  risk resilience assessment sought to identify the potential areas of exposure from material
                                                  climate-related hazards identified – e.g. critical infrastructure (port, roads, power lines)
                                                  disruption from extreme weather events – and understand their potential effects as
                                                  understood by Iluka operations personnel and internal subject matter experts to inform a
                                                  consequence assessment against Iluka’s risk criteria (minor to major in consequence scale).




                        3.       GOVERNANCE
                        3.1      Board and sub-committee oversight
                        The Board is responsible for providing oversight over climate-related risks and opportunities and decisions on how those
                        climate risks and opportunities should be considered in Iluka’s strategy and business plans.
                        The Board is supported by sub-committees, including the Sustainability Committee (SusCo), the Audit and Risk Committee
                        (ARC), and the People and Performance Committee (PPC) – refer table below.

                         Board and        Climate-related oversight role (as reflected in the    Frequency of meetings and review
                         Committees       Charters of each Board and sub-committee)
                         Board            The Board’s relevant responsibilities include:         The Board in 2025:
                                            approving Iluka’s public sustainability and           considered the material climate-related risks
                                             Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)             and opportunities reflected in Iluka’s Key
                                             targets and position statements (including with        Risk Register, reviewed as part of Iluka’s
                                             respect to climate)                                    annual corporate planning cycle
                                            reviewing annually the Company’s climate-             reviewed and approved the update to Iluka’s
                                             related risks and opportunities (as a subset of        internal shadow carbon price (refer section
                                             the Company’s key risks) and approving                 7.2)
                                             climate-related disclosures made by the
                                             Company                                             The Board met 11 times in 2025.
                                            overseeing Iluka’s performance with respect to
                                             sustainability and climate change targets
                                            considering the Company’s climate-related
                                             risks and opportunities when overseeing
                                             strategy,    major     decisions,    and     risk
                                             management processes and related policies;
                                             and
                                            receiving reports from the SusCo on external
                                             material trends with respect to sustainability
                                             and approving any changes required




                                                                                                                         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   69
                        Board and         Climate-related oversight role (as reflected in the     Frequency of meetings and review
                        Committees        Charters of each Board and sub-committee)
                        Sustainability    The SusCo’s relevant responsibilities include:          The SusCo in 2025:
                        Committee           monitoring the Group’s processes and related           reviewed and approved the Climate Change
                        (SusCo)              policies for the identification, assessment,            Work Program
                                             prioritisation and monitoring of sustainability-       received bi-annual updates on progress
                                             related risks and opportunities, including those        against Iluka’s Climate Change Work
                                             relating to climate                                     Program
                                            monitoring the effectiveness of the Group’s            reviewed the risk and resilience assessment
                                             strategies, policies, standards, processes and          of material climate-related risk and
                                             controls, as they relate to climate                     opportunities over the short-, medium- and
                                            reviewing and providing feedback to                     long-term and reviewed the basis of
                                             management (and ARC) where appropriate on               materiality adopted in the report
                                             the Group’s sustainability reporting, including        reviewed and considered the climate-related
                                             AASB S2 reporting and endorsing content to              key risks and opportunities included in this
                                             the ARC                                                 report




For personal use only
                                            reviewing and recommending to the ARC for
                                             approval the sustainability section (including       The SusCo met four times in 2025.
                                             climate) of the annual internal audit plan
                                            reporting to the Board on the Group’s
                                             performance with respect to sustainability,
                                             including the Climate Change Work Program
                                            reviewing and recommending to the Board the
                                             Group’s sustainability targets and position
                                             statements (including climate) and monitoring
                                             the Group’s progress towards those targets
                                            reviewing and reporting to the Board on
                                             external material industry trends relevant to
                                             management of climate-related risks and
                                             opportunities; and
                                            overseeing and recommending to the Board
                                             and other committees (where required) on the
                                             Group’s sustainability key performance and key
                                             risk indicators, including those related to
                                             climate-related risks and opportunities

                        Audit and Risk    The ARC’s relevant responsibilities include:            The ARC in 2025:
                        Committee           monitoring the effectiveness of the accounting         considered risk performance from the bi-
                        (ARC)                and internal control systems including                  annual key risk indicator report, of which
                                             assurance processes, compliance with                    climate and rare earths business are sub-
                                             applicable accounting standards and legal               categories (refer section 5 for more details)
                                             requirements, including discussing with the            received three progress updates in 2025 on
                                             Group’s external auditors matters relevant to           the Executive’s approach to complying with
                                             the Group’s financial reporting obligations             the requirements of AASB S2 and
                                             (including that for AASB S2)                            considered the audit approach from Iluka’s
                                            overseeing the risk management framework                external auditors
                                             for    identifying,   assessing,     prioritising,
                                             monitoring and managing Iluka’s material             The ARC met four times in 2025.
                                             climate-related risks and opportunities, in
                                             conjunction with the SusCo where appropriate
                                            overseeing          senior       management’s
                                             implementation of the risk management
                                             framework, including that senior management
                                             has appropriate processes for identifying,
                                             assessing, and responding to risks and that
                                             those processes are operating effectively;
                                             reviewing and making recommendations to the
                                             Board in relation to the risk disclosures in the
                                             Company’s periodic reporting documents,
                                             including the operating and financial review in
                                             its Annual Report; and




     70           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                         Board and        Climate-related oversight role (as reflected in the   Frequency of meetings and review
                         Committees       Charters of each Board and sub-committee)
                         ARC                  reviewing the full-year financial reports
                         (continued)           (including    Annual     Report,     Financial
                                               Statements and the Directors’ Report
                                               (including the Group’s Climate-related
                                               Financial   Disclosures    and     associated
                                               Director’s opinion) and making necessary
                                               recommendations to the Board (taking into
                                               account feedback received from SusCo).
                         People and       The PPC’s relevant responsibilities include:          The PPC in 2025:
                         Performance        considering any recommendations from the             approved the objectives and outcomes of
                         Committee           SusCo in relation to how broad sustainability         Iluka’s performance scorecard that included
                         (PPC)               and climate-related considerations and                measures that relate to the Climate Change
                                             performance metrics should be factored into           Work Program. Refer to section 7 for further
                                             the Company’s executive remuneration                  detail




For personal use only
                                             arrangement and remuneration policies; and         The PPC in 2026:
                                            reviewing     and    approving     equity-based      reviewed the outcomes of the performance
                                             remuneration plans, including short-term              scorecard relating to the Climate Change
                                             incentive strategy, performance measures, and         Work Program as part of its review of the
                                             bonus payments (including climate-related             Group’s overall performance scorecard
                                             performance measures)                                 outcomes for the 31 December 2025 income
                                                                                                   year.    This    was    informed     by    a
                                                                                                   recommendation from SusCo taking into
                                                                                                   account      progress   updates    received
                                                                                                   throughout 2025

                                                                                                The PPC met three times in 2025.


                        3.2      Board skills and competencies
                        Iluka’s Directors have a combined diverse range of backgrounds, skills and experience that enhance Iluka’s decision-
                        making and oversight. An annual review is conducted to assess the collective competencies of Board members. The 2025
                        review included a review for operating risk, sustainability, and climate-related expertise.
                        The Directors are assessed to have appropriate skills and competencies to review climate-related risks and opportunities,
                        given their broader strategic experience as noted in the competency summary below, and some through having partaken
                        in training during the reporting period as part of their own director skills development. This includes attendances at
                        webinars, conferences, advisory updates or via the companies that they serve on (including Iluka).

                        Key to committee membership


                                Committee Chair                                                             Committee Member


                          AR Audit and Risk                                                            PP People and Performance


                          NG Nominations and Governance                                                 S   Sustainability

                         Board Member       Appointed         Membership        Experience      Competencies
                         J Mactier          Appointed as                        35 years        Experience in the metals and energy sectors
                                            Director:               AR                          globally, with 24 years at Macquarie Bank,
                                            May 2025                                            including 15 years as co-head of its Metals and
                         BAgrEc (Hons),
                                                                                                Energy Capital Division and as a member of its
                         GradDip            Appointed as            PP                          Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities
                         AppFinInv,         Chair:
                                                                                                Group management committee. He spent 10
                         GAICD              May 2025                                            years as a Director (eight as Chair) of Regis
                                                                    NG                          Resources, ASX200 resources company. His
                         (Independent)                                                          expertise encompasses project evaluation and
                                                                                                due diligence, project and corporate finance,
                                                                                                equity investment, and commodity and currency
                                                                                                hedging.

                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   71
                        Board Member          Appointed        Membership   Experience   Competencies
                        T O’Leary             Appointed        N/A          35 years     Experience in commercial, investment banking,
                                              CEO:                                       business      development       and      executive
                                              September                                  management across several sectors. Previously
                        LLB, BJuris                                                      Managing Director of Wesfarmers Chemicals,
                                              2016
                                                                                         Energy and Fertilisers, following roles with Nikko
                                                                                         Principal Investments, Nomura International,
                        (Non-
                                              Appointed as                               Allen & Overy and Robinson Cox (Clayton Utz).
                        Independent)
                                              Director:                                  His expertise encompasses: industrial and
                                                                                         mining; business development; investment
                                              October 2016
                                                                                         banking; finance law; and private equity.
                        S Corlett             Appointed as                  33 years     Experience in exploration, mining, and
                                              Director:                                  investment banking and private equity.
                                                                                         Previously an Investment Director for Pacific
                        BSc (Geo, Hons),      June 2019              NG
                                                                                         Road Capital Ltd (private equity), following a
                        FAusIMM,                                                         career with Standard Bank Limited, Deutsche




For personal use only
                        GAICD                                        S                   Bank, Macquarie Bank, RGC Ltd and Goldfields
                                                                                         Ltd. Her expertise encompasses: geology and
                                                                                         exploration; private equity; finance (including
                        (Independent)                                AR                  mining project finance and mining credit risk
                                                                                         management). Previous Director and Treasurer
                                                                                         of the Foundation of National Parks and Wildlife.

                        L Saint               Appointed as                  38 years     A Certified Practicing Accountant with broad
                                              Director:              AR                  financial and commercial experience from a
                        BCom, GradDip         October 2019                               global career, including more than 19 years with
                        Ed      Studies,                                                 Bechtel Group where she served as Chief Audit
                                                                     NG                  Executive and Chief Financial Officer of the
                        FCPA,    FAICD,
                        Cert   Business                                                  Mining and Metals global business unit. Her
                        Administration                                                   expertise encompasses strong financial skills,
                                                                                         auditing, corporate governance, enterprise risk,
                                                                                         supply chain risk and project management.
                        (Independent)
                        P Smith               Appointed as                  49 years     Extensive international executive career primarily
                                              Director:                                  in the resources sector, including gold, coal,
                                                                      S                  metals and fertiliser operations with Rio Tinto,
                        FAusIMM,              June 2024
                                                                                         WMC Resources, Ensham Resources, Western
                        GAICD, MBA                                                       Metals, Newcrest Mining, Israel Chemicals
                                                                      PP                 Limited, and Kestrel Coal Resources. His
                                                                                         expertise encompasses: business leadership;
                        (Independent)
                                                                                         mining and processing operations; business
                                                                     NG                  development; business improvement; and
                                                                                         change management. Chair and member of
                                                                                         sustainability committees in other listed
                                                                                         companies.

                        A Sutton              Appointed as                  30 years     Experience in the resources and industrial
                                              Director:                                  sectors, with 25 years at Rio Tinto, including a
                                                                     NG                  secondment as CEO and Managing Director of
                        BEng Chemical         March 2021
                                                                                         Energy Resources of Australia (ERA); Head of
                        (Hons),                                      PP                  Health, Safety, Environment and Security;
                        GradDipEcon,                                                     Managing Director Support Strategy Review –
                        GAICD                                                            Human Resources; General Manager of
                                                                     S                   Operations at the Bengalla mine; and General
                                                                                         Manager of Infrastructure, Iron Ore. Her expertise
                        (Independent)
                                                                                         encompasses: mining and industrial operations;
                                                                                         health,   safety    and      environment;     risk
                                                                                         management; business strategy; and control
                                                                                         management.




     72           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        3.3         Management oversight
                        The Board delegates the day-to-day responsibility for executing strategy, including the management of climate-related
                        risks and opportunities, to Iluka’s Managing Director and CEO. The Managing Director and CEO implements this strategy
                        through his Executive team. The Board has oversight through the above-mentioned committees.
                        Iluka has a Climate Change team that is overseen by Iluka’s Chief Technology Officer (CTO), who has carriage of Iluka’s
                        Climate Change Work Program, including day-to-day delivery of work required to meet the targets set as part of this
                        program (discussed under Section 7.3). This includes periodic updates to the SusCo on progress (refer above).
                        Given the increasing complexity and interdependency of climate risks, as well as emerging opportunities, management
                        considers it prudent to review its forward-looking strategy in 2026. The uncertainty on policy direction in the near term
                        makes it challenging to determine commercially-viable response measures. The specific direction and scope of future
                        strategy will be determined through ongoing assessment of the external landscape and stakeholder expectations,
                        balanced against overall strategic priorities. The Board and management consider climate‑related risks and opportunities
                        as part of the Company’s broader strategic and risk management processes. While climate considerations are not
                        assessed in isolation, they are taken into account alongside a range of financial, operational, regulatory and market factors
                        when making strategic decisions, including those relating to acquisitions, divestments and capital allocation. The
                        Company recognises that strategic decisions may involve trade‑offs between climate‑related considerations and other




For personal use only
                        business objectives. Where relevant, climate-related risks and opportunities are weighed alongside factors such as
                        financial performance, growth prospects, risk appetite, and shareholder value in determining the most appropriate course
                        of action.
                        In addition to monitoring risks and opportunities pursuant to the Group’s Risk Policy and Framework (refer to section 6),
                        management also oversees the annual collation of GHG emissions to be reported to NGERs and to inform this report. In
                        doing so, management ensures that the collation is in accordance with the Group’s internal basis of preparation for GHG
                        emissions reporting. The basis of preparation and reporting is subject to independent external review. Controls for climate-
                        related risks and opportunities are integrated into existing Group standard and procedures as discussed in section 6 –
                        Risk Management.
                        Iluka’s Chief Financial Officer is responsible for:
                                   Iluka’s overall risk management process as set out in Iluka’s Risk Policy and Framework. This includes the Key
                                    Risk Register and Risk Appetite Statement which include climate-related risks and opportunities
                                   Ensuring integration of climate-related risks and opportunities into Iluka’s Annual Report
                                   Working with the CTO and the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure adequacy of audit coverage and ongoing
                                    monitoring of climate-related risks and opportunities


                        4.          STRATEGY AND FINANCIAL EFFECTS
                        4.1         Identifying material climate-related risks and opportunities
                        The Group adopted the following materiality assessment process to identify climate-related risks and opportunities that
                        could reasonably impact its strategy, business model and prospects. This materiality process built on previous work
                        undertaken under TCFD to identify climate-related risks and opportunities.


                                                                        Materiality assessment process
                                  Identifying relevant risks and opportunities                       Identifying material information

                               1.   Map impacts and dependencies across the              4.   Identify potentially material information about risks
                             value chain by engaging with key internal                  and opportunities by applying AASB S2 and the application
                             stakeholders, including internal subject matter            guidance contained in the published standard.
                             experts, benchmarking risks and opportunities
                             against those externally published by industry peers,
                             using climate-related scenario analysis. Iluka
                             reviewed its physical risks and opportunities in 2025
                             through externally-facilitated risk assessments
                             across Iluka’s sites and projects in Execution phase.
                             The physical risk scenario analysis considered
                             improved data resolution at sub-regional level (i.e.
                             at asset level).




                                                                                                                            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   73
                                                                  Materiality assessment process
                           Identifying relevant risks and opportunities                       Identifying material information
                          2.   Identifying potentially relevant risks and          5.     Determine material information by assessing
                        opportunities by assessing whether they could            whether the information identified could influence
                        impact the business model or strategy. Transition        decisions of the primary users of the financial information
                        risks and opportunities were assessed at an              and this report. For Transition Risks and Opportunities, Iluka
                        enterprise level. For physical risks, the assessment     leveraged its previous risk and opportunity assessments
                        boundary included inland road logistics and              undertaken in prior years pursuant to TCFD and considered
                        domestic port facilities for transport of heavy          them against Transition Risks and Opportunities published
                        mineral concentrate from mining operations to            by industry peers and TCFD guidance and literature. Where
                        processing facilities and outbound ports from which      some level of quantification could be achieved (e.g.
                        finished goods inventory is shipped.                     safeguard compliance costs and energy costs), the range of
                                                                                 quantified outcomes against the scenarios informed the
                                                                                 Group’s view on materiality. For transition risk related to
                                                                                 decarbonisation         technology    and    the     transition
                                                                                 opportunities identified, they are inherently material as they




For personal use only
                                                                                 directly align to the current net zero ambition which is
                                                                                 predicated on it being commercially and technically feasible
                                                                                 and/or aligned to overall strategic direction with respect to
                                                                                 critical minerals. Physical risks assessed were grouped into
                                                                                 their climate-related hazard categories. The risks were
                                                                                 assessed on a qualitative basis by internal stakeholders.
                                                                                 Materiality assessment was informed by the categories that
                                                                                 had the highest number of physical risks associated that
                                                                                 were rated as being high risk or above, pursuant to Iluka’s
                                                                                 risk criteria (risk rating scale of minor, moderate, high, very
                                                                                 high and major) and enterprise risk management
                                                                                 framework.


                          3.    Determining the risks and opportunities that       6.    Consolidate relevant risks and opportunities into a
                        have the potential to affect cash flows, financing       table for validation by Iluka’s Executive and for the Board’s
                        access or the cost of capital across short-, medium-     approval as part of Iluka’s Key Risk Register.
                        and long-term horizons. For its time horizons, Iluka
                        aligned time horizons considered with the Group’s        Material information about the relevant            risks   and
                        corporate planning process: short-term (now to           opportunities are included in this report.
                        2030), medium-term (2030-2040) and long-term
                        (2040 to 2050). The same time horizons were
                        utilised for resilience assessments (refer section 5).
                        The assessment considered a range of qualitative
                        and quantitative factors including the nature,
                        magnitude and likelihood of impacts assessed with
                        input from management and internal subject matter
                        experts.




     74           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        4.2      Climate-related risks and opportunities
                        The following table contains information about material climate-related risks and opportunities identified, the time horizon
                        in which Iluka considers the effects of each climate-related risk and opportunity could reasonably occur, the value chain
                        that the climate-related risk/opportunity is concentrated in, and the amount of the Group’s assets that are vulnerable to or
                        aligned with the climate-related risk/opportunity disclosed. For assets vulnerable to risks/aligned with opportunities, the
                        values disclosed represent the number of sites impacted by the risk or aligned with the opportunity out of all Iluka’s sites
                        (five in total – Cataby, Jacinth-Ambrosia, Balranald, Eneabba and Narngulu).
                        Key: Transition (T) Physical (P) Risk (R) Opportunity (O)

                         Type     Description of climate-related risk and opportunity         Time horizon*     Value            Assets vulnerable
                                                                                                                chain**          to risks/aligned
                                                                                                                                 with
                                                                                                                                 opportunities1
                         TR       Increased energy costs – the energy transition that         Short, medium     Mining and       All assets
                                  underpins efforts to reach net zero by 2050 has the         and long          processing       100%




For personal use only
                                  potential to increase energy costs (coal, grid-                               Utility
                                  connected energy, natural gas and diesel), which can                          providers
                                  negatively impact the Group’s cost profile.
                         TR       Increase in safeguard compliance costs as a result of       Short to          Processing       1 out of 5
                                  government climate change policy impacts                    medium                             20%
                                  commercial viability of Iluka’s synthetic rutile (SR)
                                  business.
                         TR       Decarbonisation technology not commercially                 Short to          Mining and       1 out of 5
                                  feasible – deployment of technology remains non-            medium            processing       20%
                                  value accretive, impacting Iluka’s ability to decarbonise
                                  its SR kilns in accordance with stated ambition (net
                                  zero where technology is viable, available and
                                  commercially feasible).
                         PR       Increased severity and frequency of extreme rainfall        Short, medium     Mining and       All assets
                                  and storm events – exacerbated water management-            and long          processing       100%
                                  related risks such as flooding of pits/mineral storage
                                  shed/stockpile, offsite water discharge and damage to
                                  associated critical infrastructure (roads, ports, and
                                  electrical infrastructure) negatively impacts operating
                                  conditions.
                         PR       Increase in frequency of extreme temperature days           Long              Processing       2 out of 5
                                  negatively impacts:                                                                            40%
                                     power supply, mining operations and processing
                                      facilities
                                     workforce health and safety and productivity
                         TO       Clean energy transition drives significant increase in      Short, medium     Processing       1 out of 5
                                  demand for rare earth oxides, presenting upside             and long          and              20%
                                  opportunities for the Eneabba refinery and Iluka’s                            customer
                                  critical minerals strategy.                                                   markets
                         TO       Increased deployment of renewable energy                    Short to          Mining and        All assets
                                  generation – higher and less predictable cost and           medium            processing       100%
                                  reliability of grid-connected electricity combined with
                                  levelised cost of renewable energy and policy
                                  incentives drives opportunity for renewable energy
                                  generation,       particularly   off-grid    generation,
                                  contributing to optimisation of Iluka’s energy mix
                                  (supply and cost) and towards achieving Iluka’s net
                                  zero ambition.
                        * Short-term (2025-2030), medium-term (2030-2040) and long-term (2040-2050)
                        **Iluka considered the potential impact of climate-related risks and opportunities across its value chain, including in
                        relation to existing customer markets, operations at its current mining and processing locations (including suppliers of
                        critical infrastructure such as roads, port facilities and transport logistics between its operating and mining sites), and on
                        projects that are currently in execution (i.e. the Eneabba refinery and Balranald mine).



                                                                                                                            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   75
                 4.3            Strategy and current financial effects
                 The following table contains information about the effects of the climate-related risks and opportunities identified on
                 Iluka’s strategy and decision-making, funding consideration, and current financial effects. In this regard, while Iluka has
                 strategic initiatives, including a Climate Change Work Program, that seek to address and manage the risks and
                 opportunities, it does not have a climate-related transition plan and does not have specific emissions reductions targets.

                        Risk/                Strategy and funding                                           Current financial effects
                        opportunity
                        (R/O)
                        (R) Increased            Energy costs associated with grid-connected energy,       Current financial effects
                        energy costs              diesel and natural gas are a key component of Iluka’s
                                                  overall cost structure. Policy decisions in Australia       In 2025, Iluka incurred a total of $74
                                                  regarding both the roll-off of fossil fuel generation        million in respect of coal, diesel,
                                                  and ambitions for greater renewable energy                   natural     gas     and     electricity
                                                  penetration on the Wholesale Energy Market and               consumption




For personal use only
                                                  National Electricity Market have resulted in less
                                                  predictable and higher energy costs. Given the
                                                                                                              Iluka acquired coal in 2025 at total
                                                  timeframe required to give effect to changes in
                                                                                                               cost of $67 million to underpin
                                                  energy markets, it is anticipated that there will
                                                                                                               processing requirements at North
                                                  continue to be uncertainty in relation to energy costs
                                                                                                               Capel for the short-term
                                                  in at least the short- and medium-terms.
                                                 Iluka’s strategy for managing energy costs in 2025
                                                  focused on ensuring security of supply of coal for the    Significant risk of material adjustment in
                                                  SR kilns at North Capel concurrently with pursuing        2026
                                                  renewable energy opportunities (refer to the
                                                  opportunity below). In the short-term, Iluka has            Expected to be materially aligned
                                                  retained sufficient quantities of coal to meet its           with 2025
                                                  operational requirements at North Capel.
                                                 The   Group’s current priority is to develop a
                                                  comprehensive energy strategy that includes
                                                  evaluation of new/emerging renewable energy
                                                  options and alternative power supply opportunities
                                                  across the Iluka portfolio. This work will be
                                                  undertaken internally and accordingly no further
                                                  funding has been allocated at present for this risk.
                                                  The Group will continue to identify opportunities to
                                                  manage energy supply and cost escalation risk as
                                                  part of its business-as-usual activities.
                        (R) Increased            Safeguard compliance and energy costs are                 Current financial effects
                        safeguard                 transition risks that could affect Iluka’s prospects in
                        compliance                the short- to medium-terms. However, the trajectory         In 2025, Iluka purchased 30,376
                        costs                     of domestic policies on carbon pricing is uncertain          ACCUs at total cost of $1.1 million
                                                  from 2030 onwards. This limits the ability to measure        and surrendered 18,431 units to
                                                  impacts beyond the short-term reliably to inform             offset excess emissions associated
                                                  strategic responses (refer to Section 5 for further          with its obligations under the
                                                  information on the range of impacts informed by              Safeguard Mechanism for the period
                                                  scenario analysis).                                          1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024, with a
                                                 The emissions from Iluka’s SR kilns are hard to abate        total cost of $0.6 million recognised
                                                  as required technologies are yet to prove to be              using a weighted average cost
                                                  commercially viable (refer to decarbonisation                methodology
                                                  technology risk below). Accordingly, in the short- to
                                                  medium-terms, Iluka will continue to acquire                ACCUs surrendered were recognised
                                                  Australian Carbon Credit Units (ACCU) to meet its            as expenses to Iluka’s income
                                                  safeguard compliance obligations.                            statement




     76           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        Risk/             Strategy and funding                                            Current financial effects
                        opportunity
                        (R/O)
                        (R) Increased          Iluka will continue to monitor progression of             Significant risk of material adjustment in
                        safeguard               Australian Government climate-related policy and          2026
                        compliance              advocate its position. This includes monitoring             Iluka has idled the operation of SR kiln
                        costs                   eligibility for trade-exposed, baseline-adjusted             2 (SR2) for 2026, effective 1
                        (continued)             status under Safeguard Mechanism.                            December 2025, with the kiln restart
                                               Purchases of ACCUs will be funded via working                timing     dependent     on      market
                                                capital.                                                     conditions. This will result in reduced
                                                                                                             emissions and hence lower carbon
                                                                                                             cost offset required under the
                                                                                                             Safeguard Mechanism. SR1 remains
                                                                                                             idled
                        (R)                    Commercial availability of alternative technologies       Current financial effects




For personal use only
                        Decarbonisation         (e.g. green hydrogen, biochar and tyre-derived fuels)
                        technology not          is an option to adapt to rising safeguard compliance,       In 2025, Iluka incurred $0.2 million as
                        commercially            and energy costs are stress-tested in Iluka’s                part of its Climate Change Work
                        feasible                resilience assessment for the short- to medium-              Program      on progressing the
                                                terms. While the availability of these technologies at       feasibility studies for NewGenSR®
                                                a commercial scale is a material consideration, the          as a long-term solution to displace
                                                time horizon at which these technologies can                 the use of coal (FY24: $1.3 million)
                                                become available at scale is subject to a high degree
                                                of measurement uncertainty due to the vast number
                                                of factors that can impact that time horizon.             Significant risk of material adjustment in
                                                                                                          2026
                                               Iluka’s ambition to be net zero by 2050 incorporates
                                                an assessment of commercial feasibility. Decision-
                                                making regarding Iluka’s response to climate-related        Expected to be materially aligned
                                                risks, particularly those that are influenced by             with 2025
                                                external carbon pricing, is informed by the use of a
                                                Marginal Abatement Cost Curve (MACC). Iluka has
                                                plotted the decarbonisation opportunities it has
                                                explored, or is in the process of evaluating, on the
                                                basis of the cost to abate a tonne of CO2. In addition,
                                                Iluka is also integrating the Technical Readiness
                                                Level (TRL) and the Commercial Readiness Index
                                                (CRI) in the evaluation of decarbonisation projects.
                                                These are standard benchmarking tools that have
                                                been adopted by the Australian Renewable Energy
                                                Agency (ARENA) to support assessment of
                                                technology readiness and commercial feasibility
                                                respectively.
                                               Iluka progressed studies and assessments of various
                                                technologies as part of the 2025 Climate Change
                                                Work Program. Refer to section 7 for further details.
                                               In 2025, Iluka’s strategy in response to this risk
                                                focused on the following priorities:
                                                  o short-term potential substitutes for coal (tyre-
                                                      derived fuels and biochar) in the SR kilns
                                                o    long-term potential substitutes        for   coal
                                                     (NewGenSR® technology); and
                                                o    emerging decarbonisation solutions, including
                                                     those that involve electrification of existing
                                                     processes that are reliant on fossil fuels
                                          Outcomes of existing studies indicate that deployment
                                          of these alternative technologies are dependent on their
                                          commercial feasibility (scale and price). In the short-
                                          term, Iluka will continue to monitor the commercial
                                          viability of these alternatives. As such, no further funding
                                          has been allocated for 2026.



                                                                                                                          Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   77
                        Risk/                Strategy and funding                                          Current financial effects
                        opportunity
                        (R/O)
                        (R) Increased            Physical risk assessment outcomes reflect                Current financial effects
                        severity and              disruption to power supply and disruption to
                        frequency of              operations from the increase in frequency and              No material financial effects
                        extreme rainfall          severity of rainfall and storm events as being the          occurred        from       extreme
                        events                    largest representation of risks with a significant or       rainfall/storm events and/or from
                                                  above level of consequence. The acute nature of             extreme temperature days in 2025
                                                  such hazards means there is a higher potential for
                                                  impact in the short-term compared to other chronic         Iluka also had no related insurance
                                                  hazards such as extreme temperature days.                   claims


                                                 Increase in frequency of extreme temperature days is     Significant risk of material adjustment in
                                                  considered chronic in nature, and the extent of the      2026
                                                  ultimate impact of these will depend on many




For personal use only
                                                  matters which are the subject of high levels of            Expected to be materially aligned
                                                  uncertainty over the medium- and long-terms.                with 2025
                        (R) Increase in
                        frequency of
                                                 Iluka will continue to embed climate resilience
                        extreme
                                                  considerations into its existing risk management
                        temperature
                                                  systems, including engineering and design, asset
                        days
                                                  integrity, water management, logistics and
                                                  emergency management. These include:

                                                      designs of future developments informed by
                                                       climate risk assessment
                                                      ongoing review and maintenance of surface
                                                       water plans considering climate projection data
                                                      landform designs       informed     by   climate
                                                       projections
                                                      tailings management system aligned to ANCOLD
                                                       guidelines and design considering climate
                                                       projections
                                                      logistics management (e.g. port maximisation
                                                       plans; mitigation plans with logistics providers)
                                                      ongoing review and maintenance of site
                                                       emergency management and asset management
                                                       plans together with annual emergency
                                                       management training
                                                      maintaining on-site back-up power generators
                                                       and generator mitigation plans
                                                      manage levels of heavy mineral concentrate
                                                       (HMC) at processing sites to enable continued
                                                       supply
                                                      engagement with critical infrastructure providers
                                                       to manage continuity of power supply
                                                      continuous review of health and safety processes
                                                       and procedures within Iluka’s HSEC framework
                                                       and system.




     78           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        Risk/             Strategy and funding                                         Current financial effects
                        opportunity
                        (R/O)
                        (O) Increased       Iluka considers the global transition toward              Current financial effects
                        demand for rare      electrification, including the growth of electric
                        earth oxides         vehicles and renewable energy technologies, as              Capital expenditure on the Eneabba
                                             being a major structural driver of rare earths demand.       refinery committed and/or spent to
                                             Magnet rare earths are essential to the electrification      date in this business unit is $1,134
                                             of the global economy and this shift towards                 million, with $443 million spent
                                             electrification presents a significant opportunity for       during 2025
                                             the Group. This is particularly through the
                                             development of the Eneabba refinery and Iluka’s
                                             mineral sands deposits containing monazite and
                                             xenotime rare earth assemblages. Independent
                                             forecasts indicate substantial projected increases in
                                             global demand for rare earths (particularly




For personal use only
                                                                                                       Significant risk of material adjustment in
                                             neodymium-praseodymium (NdPr), dysprosium (Dy)
                                                                                                       2026
                                             and terbium (Tb)) in the short- and medium-terms.

                                                                                                         The refinery is scheduled to be
                                            Global rare earths supply and processing is highly
                                                                                                          commissioned    in   2027.    The
                                             concentrated which creates inherent risks. The
                                                                                                          expected materiality in 2026 is
                                             Eneabba refinery is an important step in increasing
                                                                                                          expected to be materially aligned
                                             the resilience of global rare earths supply chains.
                                                                                                          with 2025.

                                            Scenario analysis indicates an increase in rare earths
                                             underpinning the global energy mix in short-,
                                             medium- and long-terms (refer Section 5 for further
                                             details).

                                          Iluka’s short-term strategy for its rare earths business
                                          consists of:

                                                continuing construction and commissioning of
                                                 the Eneabba refinery pursuant to the terms of its
                                                 loan arrangement with Export Finance Australia
                                                securing customer offtake          contracts    on
                                                 sustainable pricing terms
                                                investigating and executing third-party feed
                                                 source opportunities for the Eneabba refinery
                                                continuing the feasibility study into rare earths
                                                 metallisation




                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   79
                        Risk/                Strategy and funding                                          Current financial effects
                        opportunity
                        (R/O)
                        (O) Increased            As the global transition to net zero accelerates, the    Current financial effects
                        deployment of             increasing deployment of renewable energy
                        renewable                 technologies is expected to place downward                 At the end of 2025, Iluka had two
                        energy                    pressure on long-term renewable energy costs. This          operational solar farms in place: one
                        generation                trend is already evident in the material and sustained      at Jacinth-Ambrosia and the other at
                                                  cost reductions achieved in solar photovoltaic              Cataby (which was commissioned in
                                                  technologies as scale, technological efficiency and         Q1 2025). Both solar farms operate
                                                  supply chain maturity have advanced. These                  under a PPA with third parties, with
                                                  developments support Iluka’s broader strategic              Iluka paying an agreed monthly
                                                  context by contributing to a more favourable                charge. Total fees incurred for both
                                                  long-term energy landscape (thereby mitigating the          PPAs in 2025 were $6 million.
                                                  increasing energy cost risk – refer above) and
                                                  aligning with the Group’s net zero ambition.             Significant risk of material adjustment in




For personal use only
                                                                                                           2026
                                                 To date, Iluka has entered into Power Purchase
                                                  Agreements (PPAs) for all three of its mineral sands       Expected to be materially aligned
                                                  mining operations (Cataby, Jacinth-Ambrosia and             with 2025
                                                  Balranald). In 2025, Cataby and Jacinth-Ambrosia
                                                  solar farms contributed 29% and 12% of the
                                                  respective operation’s energy requirements.


                                             In 2025:
                                                 Iluka completed renewable energy studies for North
                                                  Capel and Eneabba
                                                 Identified and assessed opportunities to improve
                                                  pumping efficiency at Cataby and Jacinth-Ambrosia;
                                                  and
                                                 Evaluated the InPipe HydroXS® system, a
                                                  micro‑hydropower technology designed to recover
                                                  energy by converting pressure differentials within
                                                  pressurised water pipelines into electricity (refer
                                                  section 7)

                                             Future plans are currently focused on internal work to
                                             assess and identify the most suitable renewable energy
                                             solutions for Eneabba, guided by the outcomes of the
                                             options analysis undertaken in 2025. No further funding
                                             has been allocated to manage this risk accordingly at
                                             present.

                 Refer resilience assessment at Section 5 for anticipated financial effects.




     80           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        5.       RESILIENCE
                        Iluka assessed its climate resilience by considering its climate-related risks and opportunities in a range of potential future
                        scenarios. The scenarios were chosen based on the requirement under Australian law to use a low and high emissions
                        scenario.
                        Iluka considered the potential impact of climate-related risks and opportunities across its business, including operations
                        at its mining and processing locations (including associated critical infrastructure such as roads, port facilities and
                        transport logistics between its operating and mining sites) and on projects that are currently in execution (i.e. the Eneabba
                        refinery and Balranald).


                        5.1      Scenario assumptions
                        The scenario analysis considers both climate-related transition and physical risks across the four scenarios summarised
                        in the tables overleaf. As discussed in section 4, these scenarios were applied to test the resilience of the business to
                        climate-related risks and opportunities in the short-term (now to 2030), medium-term (2030 to 2040), and long-term (2040
                        to 2050). Refer to section 2 for the basis for scenario selection.




For personal use only




                                                                                                                           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   81
                 Transition risks
                 The key assumptions in scenarios used for transition risks and opportunities are noted below. The (NGFS) Net Zero
                 scenario limits global warming to 1.5°C through stringent climate policies and innovation, reaching global net zero
                 emissions around 2050. This scenario is aligned with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and aligns with containing
                 warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels by 2100. The NGFS Current Policies scenario assumes that only currently-
                 implemented policies are preserved with lower transition risks.

                        Scenario/source (T)             Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS)
                                                        (NGFS) Net Zero                                  (NGFS) current policies
                                                        High transition risk scenario                    Low transition risk scenario
                        Temperature pathway             (1.5°C)                                          (2.9 °C)


                        Assumptions                     Temperature: Warming stabilises at around        Temperature: Warming climbs to around
                                                        1.5°C, with a small overshoot, as coordinated    3.0°C, because no new policies are




For personal use only
                                                        global action achieves net zero emissions by     introduced beyond those already enacted.
                                                        2050.


                                                        Policy reaction Governments implement            Policy reaction: No additional climate
                                                        immediate and smooth policy tightening,          action occurs, meaning emissions decline
                                                        including carbon pricing and clean-energy        slowly or stabilise only in some regions.
                                                        standards, creating a clear long-term
                                                        pathway.


                                                        Carbon prices increase sharply and early,        Carbon prices remain low or stagnant,
                                                        reaching high levels by 2030), creating strong   providing little to no incentive for emissions
                                                        incentives for rapid decarbonisation and         reductions, locking in high-emissions
                                                        technology scale-up.                             pathways.


                                                        Technology change Clean energy and low-          Technology change: Technology adoption
                                                        carbon technologies scale rapidly worldwide,     is slow and market-driven, without
                                                        enabling deep emissions reductions in all        significant regulatory incentives.
                                                        major sectors.


                                                        Energy prices transition downward in the         Energy prices remain volatile and trend
                                                        long-term, as abundant low-cost renewable        upward, as fossil-fuel demand stays high
                                                        power displaces fossil fuels, however, short-    and renewable expansion is insufficient to
                                                        term energy prices may rise temporarily due      stabilise the market.
                                                        to rapid infrastructure buildout.


                                                        Carbon removals expands to medium–high
                                                                                                         Carbon removals remain at low levels,
                                                        levels, supporting achievement of net zero by
                                                                                                         insufficient to offset ongoing high
                                                        removing residual emissions difficult to
                                                                                                         emissions.
                                                        eliminate entirely.

                 * Aligned with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and with containing warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels by
                 2100

                 In addition to the scenarios and parameters above, Iluka has also leveraged its internal shadow carbon price assumptions
                 (refer 7.2) to model impacts to its safeguard compliance costs in the short- and medium-terms.




     82           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        Physical risks

                         Scenario /source (P)      Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)
                                                   Low physical risk scenario                    High physical risk scenario
                         Temperature               SSP1-1.9 (1.4 °C)*                            SSP5-8.5 (4.4 °C)
                         pathway/source            Very low emissions                            Very high emissions


                         Assumptions               Very low emissions, reaching net zero         Very high emissions, continuing to increase and
                                                   around 2050. Strong and immediate             roughly doubling by 2050. Assumes rapid
                                                   global action limits warming to 1.5°C.        economic growth driven by fossil fuels and
                                                   Aligned with the Paris Agreement.             minimal climate mitigation.


                                                   Projected best estimate in global surface     Projected best estimate in global surface
                                                   temperature by 2081 to 2100 of 1.4°C.         temperature by 2081 to 2100 of 4.4°C. Very




For personal use only
                                                   Very likely range of 1.0 to 1.8°C.            likely range of 3.3 to 5.7°C.


                                                   Little increase in the frequency and          Severe and compounding increase in the
                                                   severity of extreme weather events.           frequency and severity of extreme weather
                                                                                                 events.

                                                   For several climate factors, there is a material difference between the climate factors
                                                   experienced in 2050 under the SSP 1-1.9 and the SSP 5-8.5 emissions scenarios. Some of
                                                   the potential change will be experienced incrementally, in the short- and medium-terms,
                                                   under both scenarios, and as a result is not expected to drive significant change from the
                                                   currently experienced climate factors i.e. minimal climate resilience challenge, for example,
                                                   in the context of annual mean temperature increases. Outlier or extremes still likely represent
                                                   the greatest resilience challenge.

                                                   The climate hazard factors considered included an increase in annual mean temperature,
                                                   increase in annual potential evapotranspiration, increase in maximum one-day rainfall for a
                                                   100-year Average Recurrence Interval (ARI) event, and annual severe, extreme or catastrophic
                                                   fire danger days per year, with extreme temperature days per year > 35°C and >40°C
                                                   respectively.

                                                   Where differences in climate factors may become more pronounced in the scenarios used,
                                                   it is the potential divergence beyond 2050 and out to 2100 which is typically the horizon of
                                                   these scenarios. Analysis of the potential impact over that extended timeframe has not
                                                   formed part of Iluka’s analysis. The extended timeframe is well beyond Iluka’s current
                                                   corporate plan. The challenge of measurement uncertainty over that timeframe, and
                                                   therefore the utility of that information, has not been considered in the context of this report.

                        * Aligned with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and with containing warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels by
                        2100. IPCC climate change emissions scenarios.




                                                                                                                          Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   83
                 5.2            Resilience assessment outcomes

                 Transition risk and opportunities and anticipated financial effects
                 There is significant uncertainty around how transition risks informed by the NGFS scenarios will manifest at a domestic
                 level, particularly how assumptions may be translated into domestic policy settings for carbon transition (e.g. Safeguard
                 Mechanism) and energy mix, including supply and demand for key energy inputs used by Iluka across coal, diesel,
                 electricity and natural gas. This makes it challenging to predict the impacts on Iluka’s assets and operations.
                 Resilience assessment outcomes as they relate to climate-related transition risks and opportunities are disclosed below.
                        Risk/                       Assessment of resilience
                        opportunity (R/O)



                        (R) Increased energy        To assess the resilience of its strategies, Iluka stress-tested the potential range of energy prices
                        cost                        derived from diesel, natural gas, coal and grid-connected electricity costs (collectively referred




For personal use only
                                                    to as ‘energy costs’) that are expected to increase under both scenarios against its corporate
                                                    plan energy cost assumptions. This was achieved by overlaying a price index derived from the
                                                    NGFS scenarios to consider potential range of impacts compared to the Group’s current
                                                    corporate plan cash flow assumptions. The stress test reveals that the increase is more
                                                    pronounced under the high transition risk scenario. The increase in energy costs is more
                                                    gradual in the low transition risk scenario, but the trade-off is that under a less orderly transition,
                                                    increases may be less predictable.

                                                    Applying the high transition risk price scenarios assumptions, energy costs represent 24% of
                                                    operating expenditure on annual average over the short-term (at an estimated average annual
                                                    cost increase of approximately $34 million from corporate plan cash flow assumptions) and
                                                    decrease to 17% average (at an estimate average annual cost increase of approximately $15
                                                    million from corporate plan cash flow assumptions) in the medium-term and 12% in the long-
                                                    term (with no average net increase to corporate plan cash flow assumptions). The decrease is
                                                    impact in the medium- to long-term is driven by assumed upfront transition to renewables in
                                                    the short-term and operational asset settings.

                                                    Resilience assessment outcomes will be dependent on future decisions relating to asset mix
                                                    and profile.

                        (R) Increased               Overlaying the current short- to medium-term strategy of purchasing ACCUs to satisfy its
                        safeguard                   safeguard compliance obligations (refer Section 4), the economics of the SR kilns at North
                        compliance cost             Capel are comparatively worse in both the short- and medium-term under the high transition
                                                    risk scenario, thereby negatively impacting operating costs for North Capel due to increasing
                                                    safeguard compliance costs. This means overall economics of North Capel operations will
                                                    become more challenging under a high transition risk scenario assuming that costs cannot be
                                                    passed to customers and alternative technology options (e.g. hydrogen for NewGenSR®
                                                    processing technology) do not become commercially available at scale.

                                                    To inform its resilience assessment, a price index derived from the NGFS Net Zero scenario
                                                    was overlayed onto the Group’s internal shadow carbon price. In the short-term, the safeguard
                                                    compliance costs on average increase to represent 0.8% of operating expenditure per year,
                                                    resulting in an increase to the annual average cost of approximately $3 million from corporate
                                                    plan cash flow assumptions. This increases to 3.6% of operating expenditure in the medium-
                                                    term with an increase to annual average cost over the medium-term of $12 million from
                                                    corporate plan cash flow assumptions. No long-term effects were considered based on the
                                                    current operating life of Iluka’s North Capel facility assumed in current cash flow assumptions.




     84           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        Risk/                 Assessment of resilience
                        opportunity (R/O)



                        (R) Decarbonisation   Under the NGFS Net Zero scenario, with a higher carbon price, decarbonisation projects (in
                        technology not        theory) become relatively more financially attractive earlier compared to carbon intensive
                        commercially          technologies than in the low transition risk scenario.
                        feasible
                                              Iluka has embedded transition risk considerations into its investment decision-making process
                                              by assessing decarbonisation opportunities through its MACC, enabling systematic
                                              identification and prioritisation of emissions reduction initiatives across operations.

                                              The MACC analysis reveals that even with higher carbon price assumption derived from the
                                              NGFS Net Zero scenario, most technologies investigated to date are marginal or commercially
                                              unviable as they do not yet show a net saving. Scalability of the new technologies will be needed




For personal use only
                                              to make the projects viable.

                                              Due to the inherent uncertainty in the commercial viability of these decarbonisation
                                              technologies, no anticipated investment is currently included in Iluka’s corporate plan for
                                              investment in decarbonisation technologies including NewGenSR®. The inability to
                                              decarbonise would means that the Group remains exposed to safeguard compliance costs
                                              (refer above).

                        (O) Increased         Iluka has undertaken extensive work to understand the range of demand scenarios for rare
                        demand for rare       earth oxides (REOs). Demand outlook for REOs is driven by a range of factors, including climate
                        earth oxides          change policy and influence on global energy mix, geopolitics, and technology developments
                                              (e.g. rise of automation and robotics).

                                              The range of outcomes cannot be clearly isolated to any one of these factors, and therefore the
                                              climate-related impact on demand assumptions for REOs cannot be separately identified and
                                              the potential impact on future revenue cannot yet be determined. However, demand for REOs
                                              and associated revenue is likely to increase under both low and high transition risk scenarios.
                                              From a climate perspective, this is driven by the pace at which the global energy mix transitions
                                              to renewables including battery and wind technologies and the transition to electric forms of
                                              transport and mining.

                                              In this context, Iluka’s rare earths business remains resilient and will be an important asset to
                                              support the global transition to sources of clean energy.

                        (O) Increased         Renewable energy remains an opportunity under both low and high transition risk scenarios.
                        deployment of         The opportunity is accelerated in the short-term under the high transition risk scenario and
                        renewable energy      delayed in the low transition risk scenario to the medium- to long-terms. This is driven by a
                                              combination of policy and commercial scalability.

                                              Both scenarios present increased opportunities for renewable energy at Iluka, and both
                                              scenarios feature increased take up of renewable energy as a component of the grid-connected
                                              energy mix.

                                              Iluka is already monitoring these drivers to inform its consideration on deployment of
                                              renewables at its mining and processing sites and the timing of that deployment.

                                              Iluka’s cash flows for the short- and medium-terms anticipate a renewable energy mix based
                                              on committed renewable energy projects (i.e. Cataby, Jacinth-Ambrosia and Balranald) and
                                              reflect the terms of its PPAs. It does not include renewable energy for projects under evaluation
                                              (i.e. Eneabba).




                                                                                                                     Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   85
                 Physical risk and anticipated financial effects
                 There is considerable uncertainty regarding how climate change may evolve at a regional level under different climate
                 scenarios. Factors such as temperature shifts and the frequency and severity of extreme weather events (especially out
                 into the long-term) create challenges in forecasting specific impacts on our mining and processing operations, together
                 with associated logistics. Consequently, there is inherent difficulty in determining the timing, scale and nature of climate-
                 related risks across Iluka’s value chain.

                 It is important to frame the resilience assessment within the current expected operational life of Iluka’s operations and
                 projects. Under Iluka’s current corporate plan, only Eneabba and Wimmera (in definitive feasibility phase) are expected to
                 be operational in the long-term (2040 to 2050). Cataby and Jacinth-Ambrosia are expected to cease operations in the
                 short- to medium-terms. Balranald, Narngulu and North Capel may cease operations in the medium-term. It is noted,
                 however, that there is potential for climate-related physical risks to impact during the closure phase of an asset prior to
                 relinquishment. To this end, climate risk factors are reviewed as part of closure risk assessments.

                 Iluka has not considered the potential impact of physical risks on the corporate offices as part of this assessment given
                 the expected immateriality of climate physical risks to the corporate office relative to Iluka’s operations.




For personal use only
                 Under the low physical risk scenario, the potential physical risks associated with climate change are introduced more
                 gradually. Conversely, under the high physical risk scenario they manifest earlier. Under both scenarios, there is a potential
                 for more severe and more frequent storm events; the primary difference is that under the high physical risk scenario, these
                 events are projected to be more frequent and more intense.

                 Resilience assessment outcomes for physical risk against the IPCC-selected scenarios are set out in the table below. The
                 risk assessment considered impacts informed by management views and that of internal subject matter experts taking
                 into account internal controls in place. Iluka has aggregated the potential impact of physical risks for the operations
                 (including the Eneabba refinery) expected to be operating in the various time horizons. The aggregation does not include
                 projects that are still subject to the Board’s final investment decision.

                 In a low physical risk scenario, the majority of Iluka’s current operations are not expected to be materially impacted beyond
                 what is currently being experienced (i.e. current conditions are expected to be similar/slightly worse in this emissions
                 scenario). The outcomes indicate potential increase in risk exposure in the long-term under the high physical risk scenario.
                 However, given the limited financial impacts from these physical climate risk events to date, there is a high degree of
                 measurement uncertainty associated with the long-term potential anticipated financial effects from these events. Iluka
                 will continue to reassess the Group’s exposure to these events on an annual basis.

                                                                                     Scenarios
                                                  Climate-related hazard             SSP 1-1.9                          SSP 5-8.5
                         Category
                                                                                     (low physical risk scenario)       (high physical risk scenario)
                                                  Time horizons                      Short       Medium     Long        Short       Medium       Long
                                                  Increased severity and frequency   →           →          →           →           →            ↗
                                                  of extreme rainfall and storm



                        Water-related
                                                  events




                                                  Increase in frequency of extreme   ↔           ↔          →           ↔           →            ↗




                        Temperature-related
                                                  temperature days




                 Key:                         ↔ effects managed under existing measures → minor           ↗ potential increasing risk exposure




     86           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        Notwithstanding the uncertainties, the scenario analysis and associated risk assessment outcomes indicate that Iluka’s
                        mining and processing operations are well positioned to adapt to changing physical risks. This confidence is underpinned
                        by a climate risk-driven approach embedded in key technical areas of the business. For example, in 2025, water
                        management risk-related activities included ongoing review and maintenance of Iluka’s ground and surface water
                        management responses at its mining sites.

                        Climate change assessments and climate variable factors have also been considered in the designs for the Eneabba
                        refinery and are part of assessments that will occur for planned developments such as Wimmera. Iluka will continue to
                        evolve its practices taking into account changing technical requirements and guided by internal and external technical
                        experts.


                        6.         RISK MANAGEMENT
                        Iluka manages its climate-related risks pursuant to its Risk Policy and Management Framework, which aligns with the
                        principles of ISO 31000: 2018 risk management – Guidelines.




For personal use only
                        In 2025, Iluka included the material climate-related risks identified in its Key Risk Register. The CEO is accountable for the
                        key risks captured in this register and associated outcomes for risk management actions assigned to members of the
                        Executive team, with progress and outlook considered every six months and monitored through Iluka’s Key Risk Indicator
                        Reporting framework.

                        The approach to identifying, assessing, prioritising, managing, monitoring and communicating climate-related risks and
                        opportunities is consistent with the enterprise risk process. The process for identification of risks and opportunities
                        changed compared to prior periods to more explicitly consider climate-related risks and opportunities, and to incorporate
                        formal SusCo review over climate-related risks and opportunities. This process is managed with oversight by the ARC and
                        SusCo respectively.

                        Relevant risks and opportunities are considered as part of Iluka’s corporate planning process to inform its business plan
                        and budget allocations. Iluka considered the potential impact of climate-related risks and opportunities across its value
                        chain, including in relation to existing customer markets, operations at its current mining and processing locations
                        (including suppliers of critical infrastructure such as roads, port facilities and transport logistics between its operating and
                        mining sites), and on projects that are currently in execution (i.e. the Eneabba refinery).


                        The application of the risk management process to climate-related risks and opportunities consisted of:

                        Identify
                                  Determining time horizons for purposes of assessing risks and opportunities
                                  Reviewing risks previously considered for TCFD reporting
                                  Scenario analysis to identify climate-related risks and opportunities against defined scenarios
                                  Engagement with internal and external subject matter experts to prioritise risks for assessment

                        Assess
                                  Determine assessment approach (quantitative or qualitative) based on data, inputs and sources available
                                   including clarity on legislative context
                                  Evaluate risks, applying Iluka's criteria over each timeframe, taking into account existing state of controls. Assess
                                   impact (consequence and magnitude) and likelihood of each risk along each time scale under each scenario
                                   considered
                                  Physical risks assessed by considering against asset level downscaled data for each scenario
                                  Consider risk drivers (causes) and risk indicators
                                  Consider business impact category (e.g. impact to cost/margins, disruption to operations, asset damage, health
                                   and safety)




                                                                                                                            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   87
                 Prioritise
                             Prioritise risks considering whether it could reasonably impact Iluka's business against each time horizon and
                              consider sufficiency of data/information to support the prioritisation
                             Consider risks against backdrop of Iluka's overall business priorities and value drivers
                             Prioritised risks to include in Key Risk Register to inform corporate plan review

                 Manage
                             Consider adequacy of existing controls
                             Management review and agree additional risk mitigations that are necessary in context of business priorities and
                              determine capital allocations
                             Assign roles and responsibilities and agreed risk mitigations, and implement mitigations

                 Monitor
                             Risks reviewed and outlook assessed by Executive on bi-annual basis




For personal use only
                             Climate-related key risk indicators are reviewed on a bi-annual basis and reported to ARC and SusCo
                             Key risks and status of risk management actions reviewed and reported to ARC annually, with climate-related
                              risks updated and reported to SusCo on an annual basis
                             Progress against defined priorities updated to SusCo (this includes progress update on the Climate Change Work
                              Program)
                             Process controls considered in internal audit planning
                             Review and revisit assessment for material change in internal/external environments – including annual review
                              of Iluka’s shadow carbon price assumptions and its impact on the Group’s safeguard compliance costs and ACCU
                              purchase settings

                   Communicate
                             Risks reviewed and sign-off by Board


                 7.           METRICS AND TARGETS
                 7.1          Metrics – GHG

                 Organisational boundary, measurement and reporting
                 Under the GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004), Iluka applies the operational control
                 approach to define its organisational boundary for GHG emissions. This approach was selected because it enables the
                 Group to distinguish between emissions from activities it controls (through the authority to introduce and implement
                 operating policies) and emissions from activities in the broader value chain, which it does not directly control but may be
                 able to influence. Under the operational control approach, Iluka accounts for 100% of GHG emissions from operations over
                 which it has the authority to introduce and implement operating policies, including health, safety, environmental, and
                 production policies.
                 The operational control approach is applied to capture GHG (Scope 1 and Scope 2) emissions for all of Iluka’s controlled
                 Australian operations and for its international rehabilitation and exploration operations in the United States. Iluka’s equity
                 accounted investment in Deterra Royalties Limited is therefore excluded from the Scope 1 and Scope 2 reporting.
                 Iluka measures and reports greenhouse gas emissions using methodologies that are appropriate to the regulatory and
                 operating context of its activities.
                 For Australian operations that are registered under the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) scheme, Iluka
                 measures and reports Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions in accordance with the NGER Act. This methodology is applied
                 to ensure consistency with Iluka’s mandatory annual reporting to the Clean Energy Regulator.
                 For operations outside Australia, Iluka applies the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. For rehabilitation activities in the United
                 States, emissions are calculated using Greenhouse Gas Protocol methodologies with emissions factors sourced from the
                 United States Environmental Protection Agency (US EPA) 2025 GHG Factors Hub, which are considered most appropriate
                 for US-based activities.
                 The measurement and reporting methodologies applied for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are consistent with those
                 used in prior period voluntary reporting.




     88           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        Emissions are based on Iluka’s corporate reporting year (1 January to 31 December) and reported for Iluka’s Group-wide
                        businesses, which includes all exploration, construction, operations, rehabilitation and corporate activities.
                        Location-based calculation methodologies are applied to derive Scope 1 and 2 GHG (refer calculation methods below).
                        Iluka has PPAs in place in relation to its Cataby solar farm and its hybrid diesel and solar farm at Jacinth-Ambrosia. In
                        2025, Iluka finalised the PPA for its Balranald site, securing a hybrid diesel/solar/BESS power station. Construction of the
                        power station commenced in 2025 and completion of the diesel power station is anticipated in March 2026, with an
                        anticipated operational date of July 2026.


                        2025 Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (applying operational control approach)
                         Total GHG (t CO2-e)                                                           2025

                         Scope 1                                                                       394,828
                         Scope 2 (location based)                                                      61,082
                         Total Scope 1 and Scope 2                                                     455,910




For personal use only
                        * Some total figures may vary due to rounding


                        Scope 1 and 2 GHG calculation methodologies
                        Emissions are quantified using direct measurement, invoice data, and metered or equipment activity records. These
                        activity inputs are converted to GHG emissions by applying the applicable emission factors under the NGER reporting
                        framework (for Australian activities registered under NGER) and the United States EPA 2025 GHG Factors Hub (for all other
                        activities located in the United States) for the reporting period, consistent with legislative and methodological
                        requirements.
                        For Scope 1 GHG emissions originated by coal, Iluka applies a mass balance methodology, consistent a methodology
                        accepted under the NGER legislation. Under this approach, emissions are calculated based on the carbon content of coal
                        inputs, adjusted for carbon retained in products, by-products, and residues, with the balance assumed to be emitted as
                        carbon dioxide through combustion or processing activities. The mass balance method is used where it provides a more
                        accurate representation of emissions than default combustion factors, particularly for processes involving material
                        transformation or variable coal composition.
                        Scope 1 GHG emissions are calculated at each controlled facility level, by using a combination of direct measurement,
                        invoices and consumption data (metered or equipment activity records) . These inputs are then multiplied by the applicable
                        emission factors specified under each relevant reporting framework for the reporting period.
                        Scope 2 GHG emissions are calculated based on electricity consumption at each controlled facility, by using metered data
                        and electricity invoices. In line with legislative requirements, Iluka applies the location-based method, multiplying
                        consumption data by the relevant location-based emission factors published annually in the applicable reporting
                        framework. The location-based emission factors used reflects emissions intensity of the electricity grids where Iluka’s
                        facilities operate.
                        All of Iluka’s PPAs operate as behind-the-meter arrangements, meaning electricity is generated on-site and consumed
                        directly by Iluka’s operations. This approach reduces reliance on grid-supplied electricity. Large Scale Generation
                        Certificates (LGCs) by all of Iluka’s solar solutions are retained by the third-party PPA operator.




                                                                                                                         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   89
                 7.2         Metrics – internal carbon price

                 Iluka uses an internal shadow carbon price. Within Iluka, the main uses of shadow carbon price forecasts are:
                 (i)         To run shadow carbon price sensitivities on feasibility study stage projects
                 (ii)        To assess the relative economics of self-generating ACCUs versus buying on-market
                 (iii)       To anticipate safeguard compliance costs associated at its safeguard facility in North Capel to inform its strategy
                             and planning


                 The 2025 internal shadow carbon price approved by lluka’s Board reflects the Reputex Slow Decarbonisation Scenario
                 (‘Reputex High Scenario). The scenario is characterised by high offset demand coupled with slow industrial
                 decarbonisation.
                 Adopting this scenario enables Iluka to prepare for safeguard facility compliance costs in its corporate plan that might be
                 higher than what may eventuate. RepuTex also maintains other scenarios, including a central scenario characterised by
                 incremental industrial decarbonisation in Australia and a low scenario, characterised by low offset demand and




For personal use only
                 accelerated industrial decarbonisation in Australia. In the short-term (to 2030), the price pursuant to the Reputex High
                 Scenario is below the Government Cost Containment price of $75/tCO2e and increases to $175/tCO2e by the end of 2035.

                 7.3         Net zero ambition and Climate Change Work Program

                 Iluka has the ambition to be net zero by 2050 where technology is viable, available and commercially feasible. This
                 ambition recognises that the commercial and technical viability of technology required to decarbonise its Scope 1 and 2
                 emissions is central to Iluka’s climate resilience in the context of the global transition to net zero.
                 Iluka does not have specific emissions reduction targets. In 2025, Iluka was guided by its Climate Change Work Program,
                 the purpose of which was to identify and assess the feasibility of mitigation and abatement opportunities. This program
                 does not constitute a formal transition plan.
                 In 2025, efforts to mitigate commercial and technical risk were driven through Iluka’s Climate Change Work Program. Work
                 program priorities and outcomes are reviewed and approved by the SusCo on an annual basis. The outcomes are part of
                 the Group’s overall Short-term Incentive Plan (STIP) that apply to all Iluka employees and the Executive and are assessed
                 using Iluka’s scorecard measures (ranging from below threshold to stretch outcomes with threshold, target and stretch
                 outcomes defined at each annual review (the outcomes defined represent the qualitative targets defined under the work
                 program)). These targets are set internally and are not subject to review by a third-party. Progress on initiatives are updated
                 to the SusCo on a bi-annual basis.
                 Outcomes of the 2025 Climate Change Work Program were provided as an update to the SusCo with those outcomes
                 reflected in the overall STIP outcomes reviewed by the PPC (refer section 3). For 2025, the Climate Change Work Program
                 contributed 6% to Iluka’s Group scorecard with overall outcomes achieved being at threshold.
                 For 2025, the Climate Change Work Program targets were qualitative in nature. The ultimate purpose of the work program
                 targets is to identify opportunities to mitigate Scope 1 GHG emissions from Iluka’s North Capel operations, being the
                 Group’s most material source of Scope 1 emissions. This is followed by Scope 2 mitigation opportunities via assessing
                 incremental energy efficiency opportunities at Cataby and Jacinth-Ambrosia and renewable energy evaluations.
                 The targets apply for 2025 and there were no interim targets. Given the targets are exploratory in nature to identify and
                 assess the feasibility of emissions reduction and renewable energy opportunities, they were not specifically aligned to
                 international or jurisdictional agreements or commitments on climate change. No revisions were made to the targets
                 during the year.




     90           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        The qualitative targets that form part of the 2025 Climate Change Work Program and progress made are summarised
                        below.


                          Work program category description                                  What was achieved

                          Energy efficiency
                           Identify opportunities to reduce      Iluka reviewed several energy-efficiency proposals at Cataby and
                            energy use and improve efficiency     Jacinth-Ambrosia. Opportunities were identified, however, current
                            across Iluka’s mineral sands          conditions mean most options are not yet commercially viable. Iluka will
                            operations                            continue to monitor these opportunities as circumstances evolve


                          Renewable energy
                           Assess the feasibility of             Evaluations for North Capel and Eneabba were both completed
                            renewable and lower emissions         Further work to refine suitable renewable energy options for Eneabba will




For personal use only
                            energy solutions for key operating     be considered for future years
                            sites

                          Alternative fuels
                           Evaluate low-emissions fuel           A preliminary trial using tyre-derived fuel confirmed that material handling
                            alternatives for North Capel           characteristics are suitable for further assessment. Additional work will
                                                                   proceed when operational timing is appropriate


                                                                  Initial biochar test work at North Capel showed potential for partial coal
                                                                   replacement in the SR process. Further work is required to validate
                                                                   outcomes at scale. Given the paused status of North Capel’s kiln
                                                                   operations, decarbonisation activities relating to alternative fuels will be
                                                                   progressed when operational readiness allows

                          Technology step-change
                           Advance assessment of the             Independent reviews of the NewGenSR® development plan were
                            NewGenSR® process as a                 completed and will guide future planning. No further development work is
                            potential lower-emissions              scheduled for 2026
                            alternative for SR production




                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   91
                 7.4             Target – compliance with safeguard facility requirements
                 Iluka’s North Capel operation is covered under the Australian Safeguard Mechanism requiring a 4.9% annual decline in the
                 gross emissions baseline for the North Capel facility through to 2030. Pursuant to the requirements of AASB S2, the decline
                 rate is considered to be a quantitative target for reporting purposes. Iluka has no other gross or net GHG reduction targets
                 in addition to complying with the safeguard baseline rules.

                        Target                                 Australian Safeguard Mechanism
                        Target type                            Net GHG emissions target
                        Scope                                  South West SR operations (North Capel)
                        Baseline period                        Pursuant to safeguard legislative framework
                        Milestones          and   interim      4.9% annual decline in the gross emissions baseline through to 2030 and then 3.2%
                        targets                                under current legislative settings
                        Target type                            Absolute quantitative target
                        Alignment with jurisdictional          The Australian Government’s Safeguard Mechanism legislation is aligned with the




For personal use only
                        commitment                             National Determination Contribution within the Paris Agreement
                        Validation                             Not applicable to Iluka due to it being a target imposed by government regulation
                        Metrics       for     monitoring       North Capel Scope 1 emission (annual reporting July to June)
                        progress
                        Progress                               Full 4.9% decline rate compliance achieved through surrendering of ACCUs
                        Verification/certification      of     Iluka acquires ACCUs issued under the Australian Government’s Emissions Reduction
                        carbon credits                         Fund (ERF), administered by the Clean Energy Regulator. These ACCUs are generated
                                                               from projects that comply with approved methodologies under the Carbon Credits
                                                               (Carbon Farming Initiative) Act 2011.
                        Reliance on carbon credits,            100% reliance on carbon credits until technology solutions become commercially
                        carbon credit type and                 available at scale and can be deployed economically (refer sections 4 and 5). For the
                        planned use.                           reporting period 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025, Iluka submitted its emissions data to the
                                                               Clean Energy Regulator and received its notification of position status. In accordance
                                                               with the Clean Energy Regulator’s publication schedule, this information is expected to
                                                               be made publicly available in April 2026. For this period, 51% of ACCUs were sourced
                                                               from nature-based projects and 49% were derived from landfill gas recovery projects.

                                                               Since January 2025, Iluka has adopted a preference for nature-based ACCUs,
                                                               specifically those generated through vegetation-based methods such as Human-
                                                               Induced Regeneration (HIR) while excluding avoided deforestation credits. HIR ACCUs
                                                               are government-issued and deliver co-benefits such as biodiversity and land
                                                               stewardship.

                                                               While operational abatement opportunities were explored through the 2025 Climate
                                                               Change Work Program, they depend on technologies and alternative energy sources to
                                                               become commercially viable as set out in section 4.2. This is being monitored through
                                                               annual review of assumptions in Iluka’s Marginal Cost of Abatement Cost Curves.
                                                               These factors mean that Iluka expects that it will continue to purchase and surrender
                                                               carbon credit units to achieve compliance with the safeguard regime at least in the
                                                               short-term.




     92           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        8.       DIRECTOR’S DECLARATION


                        In the opinion of the Directors of Iluka Resources Limited (the ‘Company’), reasonable steps have been taken to ensure the
                        substantive provisions of the sustainability report, including:
                             (i) the climate statements and notes, and
                             (ii) statements and notes required as at 18 February 2026 by legislative instrument
                        for the consolidated entity set out on pages 66 to 93, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including
                        section 296C and section 296D, and are in compliance with the Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (being AASB
                        S2 Climate-related Disclosures).

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors:




For personal use only
                        JAMES MACTIER                       TOM O’LEARY
                        Chair                               Managing Director and CEO


                        Perth, 18 February 2026




                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   93
                         Independent Auditor’s Review Report
                         To the shareholders of Iluka Resources Limited

                         Report on specified Sustainability Disclosures of Iluka Resources Limited presented in the Sustainability
                         Report titled “2025 Sustainability Report (Climate-related Financial Disclosures)” prepared in accordance
                         with the Corporations Act 2001




For personal use only
                         Review Conclusion on specified Sustainability Disclosures as required under the Corporations Act 2001

                         We have conducted a review of the following specified Sustainability Disclosures presented in the Sustainability
                         Report of Iluka Resources Limited titled 2025 Sustainability Report (Climate-related Financial Disclosures) for the
                         year ended 31 December 2025 in accordance with Australian Standards on Sustainability Assurance (ASSA) 5010
                         Timeline for Audits and Reviews of Information in.Sustainability Reports under the Corporations Act 2001 issued
                         by the Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (AUASB).


                         Specified                  Reporting requirement of Australian                    Locations in Sustainability Report
                         Sustainability             Sustainability Reporting Standard AASB
                         Disclosures                S2 Climate-related Disclosures (AASB
                                                    S2) (including related general disclosures
                                                    required by Appendix D) (the Criteria)

                         Governance                 Paragraph 6                                            Section 3 “Governance”
                         disclosures
                                                                                                           subsection 3.1 “Board and sub-committee
                                                                                                           oversight”, pages 69 to 71
                                                                                                           subsection 3.2 “Board skills and
                                                                                                           competencies”, pages 71 to 72
                                                                                                           subsection 3.3 “Management oversight”,
                                                                                                           page 73


                         Strategy (risk and         Subparagraphs 9(a), 10(a) and 10(b)                    Section 4 “Strategy and Financial Effects”
                         opportunities)
                                                                                                           subsection 4.2 “Climate-related risks and
                         disclosures
                                                                                                           opportunities”, page 75


                         Scope 1 greenhouse         Subparagraphs 29(a)(i)(1) to (2) and 29 (a)(ii)        Section 7 “Metrics and Targets”
                         gas emissions              to (v)
                                                                                                           subsection 7.1 “Metrics – GHG”
                                                                                                             - Paragraph “Organisational Boundary,
                         Scope 2 greenhouse                                                                    measurement and reporting”, page 88
                         gas emissions                                                                         to 89;



                        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG
                        International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo are trademarks used
                        under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a scheme approved under
                        Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                 - Table “2025 Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG
                                                                                                   Emissions (applying operational control
                                                                                                   approach)”, page 89;
                                                                                                 - Paragraph “Scope 1 and 2 GHG
                                                                                                   calculation methodologies”, page 89.


                        The requirements of AASB S2 identified in the table above form the Criteria relevant to the specified
                        Sustainability Disclosures and apply under Division 1 of Part 2M.3 of the Corporations Act 2001 (the Act).
                        We have not become aware of any matter in the course of our review that makes us believe that the specified
                        Sustainability Disclosures specified in the table above do not comply with Division 1 of Part 2M.3 of the
                        Corporations Act 2001.




For personal use only
                        Basis for Conclusion

                        Our review has been conducted in accordance with ASSA 5000 General Requirements for Sustainability
                        Assurance Engagements issued by the AUASB. Our review includes obtaining limited assurance about whether
                        the specified Sustainability Disclosures are free from material misstatement.
                        In applying the relevant Criteria, we note that subsection 296C(1) of the Act includes a requirement to comply
                        with AASB S2.
                        Our conclusion is based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained in
                        accordance with ASSA 5000. The procedures in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent
                        than for, an audit. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially lower than the
                        assurance that would have been obtained had an audit been performed. See the “Summary of the Work
                        Performed“ section of our report.
                        Our responsibilities under ASSA 5000 are further described in the “Our responsibilities” section of our report.
                        We comply with the independence and other ethical requirements of APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                        Accountants (including Independence Standards) issued by the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards
                        Board Limited related to sustainability assurance engagements.
                        We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Act, which has been given to the Directors of
                        Iluka Resources Limited, would be in the same terms if given to the Directors as at the time of this auditor’s
                        report.
                        Our firm applies Auditing Standard ASQM1 Quality Management for Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews of
                        Financial Reports and Other Financial Information, or Other Assurance or Related Services Engagements, issued
                        by the AUASB. This standard requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of quality
                        management, including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional
                        standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
                        We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion.


                        Other Information

                        The Directors of Iluka Resources Limited are responsible for the other information. The other information
                        comprises the financial and non-financial information included in Iluka Resources Limited’s Annual Report, but
                        does not include the specified Sustainability Disclosures and our review report thereon.
                        Our conclusion on the specified Sustainability Disclosures does not cover the other information and we do not
                        express any form of conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Financial Report and our respective audit
                        reports.
                        In connection with our review of the specified Sustainability Disclosures, our responsibility is to read the other
                        information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
                        with the specified Sustainability Disclosures, or our knowledge obtained when conducting the review, or
                        otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there
                        is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
                        report in this regard.


                        Responsibilities for the specified Sustainability Disclosures




For personal use only
                        The Directors of Iluka Resources Limited are responsible for:
                        •   The preparation of the specified Sustainability Disclosures in accordance with the Act; and
                        •   Designing, implementing and maintaining a system of internal control that it determines is necessary to
                            enable the preparation of specified Sustainability Disclosures in accordance with the Act that are free from
                            material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


                        Inherent Limitations

                        Inherent limitations exist in all assurance engagements due to the selective testing of the information being
                        examined. It is therefore possible that fraud, error or material misstatement in the specified Sustainability
                        Disclosures may occur and not be detected. Non-financial data may be subject to more inherent limitations than
                        financial data, given both its nature and the methods used for determining, calculating, and estimating such data.
                        The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary. The absence of a significant body of
                        established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial information allows for different, but
                        acceptable, evaluation and measurement techniques that can affect comparability between entities and over
                        time.
                        For climate risks and opportunities, there is inherent uncertainty as a result of using assumptions about future
                        events and management’s actions that may not occur.
                        Greenhouse gas quantification is subject to inherent uncertainty due to the nature of the information and the
                        uncertainties inherent in: (i) the methods used for determining or estimating the appropriate amounts, (ii)
                        information used to determine emission factors and (iii) the values needed to combine emissions of different
                        gases.


                        Auditor’s Responsibilities

                        Our objectives are to plan and perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether the specified
                        Sustainability Disclosures are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a
                        review report that includes our conclusion. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
                        material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence decisions of users
                        taken on the basis of the specified Sustainability Disclosures.
                        As part of a review in accordance with ASSA 5000, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
                        scepticism throughout the engagement. We also:
                        •   Perform risk assessment procedures, including obtaining an understanding of internal controls relevant to the
                            engagement to identify and assess the risks of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, at the
                            disclosure level but not for the purpose of providing a conclusion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal
                            control.
                        •   Design and perform procedures responsive to the assessed risks of material misstatement at the disclosure
                            level.
                        The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
                        as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
                        control.




For personal use only
                        Summary of the Work Performed

                         A review is a limited assurance engagement and involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about the
                         specified Sustainability Disclosures. The nature, timing and extent of procedures selected depend on
                         professional judgement, including the assessed risks of material misstatement at the disclosure level, whether
                         due to fraud or error. In conducting our review, we:
                        •   Enquire with relevant Iluka Resources Limited personnel to obtain an understanding over the internal
                            controls, governance structure and reporting processes of the specified Sustainability Disclosures;
                        •   Review relevant documentation including the calculation spreadsheets, basis of preparation, policies,
                            reporting procedures, methodologies and other supporting records underlying the specified Sustainability
                            Disclosures;
                        •   Assess the application of the Criteria in respect of the specified Sustainability Disclosures;
                        •   Test the specified Sustainability Disclosures to source documentation on a sample basis;
                        •   Test the mathematical accuracy of a sample of calculations underlying the specified Sustainability
                            Disclosures;
                        •   Reconcile the specified Sustainability Disclosures to underlying data sources on a sample basis; and
                        •   Review the Sustainability Report in its entirety to ensure it is consistent with our overall knowledge of Iluka
                            Resources Limited and our observation of its operations.




                        KPMG                                                  Jane Bailey
                                                                              Partner
                                                                              Perth
                                                                              18 February 2026
                        Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
                        Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                         To the Directors of Iluka Resources Limited

                         I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of the financial report and
                         the review of the sustainability report of Iluka Resources Limited for the financial year ended
                         31 December 2025 there have been:




For personal use only
                          i.   no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act
                               2001 in relation to the audit of the financial report and the review of the sustainability report; and

                          ii. no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit of the
                              financial report and the review of the sustainability report.




                         KPMG                                                 Jane Bailey
                                                                              Partner
                                                                              Perth
                                                                              18 February 2026




                        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated
                        with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo
                        are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a
                        scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                          Iluka Resources Limited ABN 34 008 675 018




                         Consolidated statement of profit or loss                                                                                100
                         Consolidated statement of comprehensive income                                                                          101
                         Consolidated statement of financial position                                                                            102
                         Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                                                             103
                         Consolidated statement of cash flows                                                                                    104
                         Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                                                          105
                         Consolidated entity disclosure statement                                                                                152
                         Directors’ declaration                                                                                                  154
                         Independent auditor’s report to the members                                                                             155




For personal use only   ABOUT THIS REPORT
                        These financial statements are the consolidated financial statements of the Group consisting of Iluka Resources Limited
                        and its subsidiaries (the Group). The financial statements are presented in Australian dollars.
                        Iluka Resources Limited is a company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its registered office and
                        principal place of business is:


                        Iluka Resources Limited
                        Level 17
                        240 St Georges Terrace
                        Perth WA 6000

                        A description of the nature of the Group's operations and its principal activities is included in the operating and financial
                        review section of the Directors' Report, which is not part of these financial statements.
                        The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 18 February 2026. The directors have the power to
                        amend and reissue the financial statements.
                        Through the use of the internet, we have ensured that our corporate reporting is timely and complete. All ASX releases,
                        financial reports and other relevant information are available at www.iluka.com.




                        Iluka Resources Limited                                      99                                          31 December 2025




                                                                                                                                     Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   99
                 CONSOLIDATED
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT
                                STATEMENT         OR LOSS
                                             OF PROFIT  OR LOSS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                                               Notes                  $m               $m
                 Revenue                                                                         4                1,015.4          1,170.3

                 Other gains/(losses)                                                            5                  (0.3)            28.5
                 Expenses                                                                        6              (1,077.7)          (852.8)
                 Impairment loss                                                                 7                (350.6)                -
                 Equity accounted share of profit - Deterra Resources                            24                 29.6             21.5

                 Interest and finance charges                                                                       (18.9)           (9.5)
                 Rehabilitation and mine closure provision discount unwind                       16                 (32.7)          (32.7)
                 Rehabilitation and mine closure provision discount rate changes (closed




For personal use only
                 sites)                                                                                               8.0                -
                 Total finance costs                                                             16                 (43.6)          (42.2)

                 (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                                  (427.2)           325.3

                 Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                    11                138.8            (94.0)

                 (Loss)/profit after income tax for the year                                                      (288.4)           231.3


                                                                                                                    Cents           Cents
                 (Loss)/earnings per share
                 Basic (loss)/earnings per share                                                 20                 (67.3)           54.1
                 Diluted (loss)/earnings per share                                               20                 (67.3)           53.6



                         The above consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                 Iluka Resources Limited                                     100                                        31 December 2025




     100            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025

                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                                                                                     2025                  2024
                                                                                                 Notes                 $m                   $m
                        (Loss)/Profit for the year                                                                 (288.4)                231.3

                        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                        Currency translation of foreign entities                                   18                 (3.5)                  3.8
                        Movements in foreign exchange cash flow hedges, net of tax                 18                 20.8                 (21.5)
                        Share of other compehensive (loss)/income of associate                     24                 (5.4)                  6.4




For personal use only
                        Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                        Remeasurement of post-employment benefit obligations                                          (1.0)                 (0.2)
                        Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                              10.9                 (11.5)

                        Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                             (277.5)                219.8




                               The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   101
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                 As at 31 December 2025

                 AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                                Notes                 $m               $m
                 ASSETS
                 Current assets
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                        16                  45.7           136.0
                 Receivables                                                                      13                 288.1           290.7
                 Prepayments                                                                                          47.8            15.2
                 Assets classified as held for sale                                                                    4.5                -
                 Inventories                                                                      14                 732.0           839.4
                 Current tax receivable                                                                               52.2                -
                 Derivative financial instruments                                                 22                   1.5                -




For personal use only
                 Total current assets                                                                              1,171.8         1,281.3

                 Non-current assets
                 Property, plant and equipment                                                    9                1,988.0         1,670.9
                 Right-of-use assets                                                              10                  13.8            35.9
                 Inventories                                                                      14                 360.8           205.0
                 Investments accounted for using the equity method - Deterra                      24                 444.5           443.6
                 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss - Northern Minerals                             3.8            10.5
                 Derivative financial instruments                                                                      0.1                -
                 Deferred tax assets                                                              12                 237.3            94.2
                 Total non-current assets                                                                          3,048.3         2,460.1

                 Total assets                                                                                      4,220.1         3,741.4

                 LIABILITIES
                 Current liabilities
                 Trade and other payables                                                         15                 268.6           198.4
                 Current tax payable                                                                                     -            26.7
                 Derivative financial instruments                                                 22                     -            13.7
                 Provisions                                                                       8                   53.7            65.6
                 Lease liabilities                                                                10                  12.0            12.6
                 Total current liabilities                                                                           334.3           317.0

                 Non-current liabilities
                 Derivative financial instruments                                                 22                     -            14.4
                 Interest bearing liabilities                                                     16               1,102.3           250.6
                 Provisions                                                                       8                  691.5           770.9
                 Lease liabilities                                                                10                  23.2            28.1
                 Total non-current liabilities                                                                     1,817.0         1,064.0

                 Total liabilities                                                                                 2,151.3         1,381.0

                 Net assets                                                                                        2,068.8         2,360.4

                 EQUITY
                 Contributed equity                                                               17               1,166.7         1,158.4
                 Reserves                                                                         18                  26.5            11.2
                 Retained earnings                                                                18                 875.6         1,190.8
                 Total equity                                                                                      2,068.8         2,360.4



                        The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




     102            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025


                                                                                            Share          Other          Retained
                                                                                           capital      reserves          earnings                 Total
                                                                                Notes         $m             $m                $m                   $m

                        Balance at 1 January 2024                                         1,143.2          21.4              993.9              2,158.5
                        Profit for the period                                    18              -             -             231.3                231.3
                        Other comprehensive loss                                 18              -        (11.3)              (0.2)               (11.5)
                        Total comprehensiven income                                             -         (11.3)             231.1                219.8

                        Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
                        Shares issued                                            17          15.3              -                  -                15.3




For personal use only
                        Issue of treasury shares, net of tax                                (10.7)             -                  -               (10.7)
                        Transfer of shares to employees, net of tax                          10.0         (10.0)                  -                    -
                        Share-based payments, net of tax                         28              -         11.1                   -                11.1
                        Dividends paid                                           19           0.6              -             (34.2)               (33.6)
                                                                                             15.2           1.1              (34.2)               (17.9)

                        Balance at 31 December 2024                                      1,158.4           11.2            1,190.8             2,360.4




                                                                                            Share          Other          Retained
                                                                                           capital      reserves          earnings                 Total
                                                                                Notes         $m             $m                $m                   $m

                        Balance at 1 January 2025                                        1,158.4           11.2            1,190.8             2,360.4
                        Loss for the period                                      18             -              -            (288.4)             (288.4)
                        Other comprehensive income                               18             -          11.9                (1.0)              10.9
                        Total comprehensive loss                                               -           11.9             (289.4)             (277.5)

                        Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
                        Shares issued                                            17           6.2              -                    -                6.2
                        Treasury shares purchased                                            (0.4)                                                  (0.4)
                        Issue of treasury shares, net of tax                                 (4.3)              -                 -                 (4.3)
                        Transfer of shares to employees, net of tax                           6.2           (6.2)                 -                     -
                        Share-based payments, net of tax                         28              -           9.6                  -                  9.6
                        Dividends paid                                           19           0.6               -            (25.8)               (25.2)
                                                                                              8.3            3.4             (25.8)               (14.1)

                        Balance at 31 December 2025                                      1,166.7           26.5              875.6             2,068.8




                           The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                    Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   103
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025

                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                              Notes                 $m                 $m
                  Cash flows from operating activities
                  Receipts from customers                                                                          999.6        1,175.9
                  Payments to suppliers and employees                                                            (938.8)         (923.8)
                  Operating cash flow                                                                               60.8          252.1

                  Interest received                                                                                  2.5           12.9
                  Interest paid                                                                                   (12.4)           (0.8)
                  Income taxes paid                                                                               (93.8)         (128.8)
                  Exploration expenditure                                                                         (14.6)          (12.1)




For personal use only
                  Net cash (outflow)/inflow from operating activities                           30                (57.5)          123.3

                  Cash flows from investing activities
                  Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                     (862.1)         (433.9)
                  Sale of property, plant and equipment                                                              1.5            0.2
                  Redemption of convertible note                                                5                   18.5               -
                  Dividends received - Deterra Royalties                                        24                  23.3           30.8
                  Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                     (818.8)         (402.9)

                  Cash flows from financing activities
                  Proceeds from borrowings                                                      16                821.8           100.0
                  Purchase of treasury shares                                                                      (0.5)               -
                  Dividends paid                                                                19                (25.2)          (33.6)
                  Debt refinance costs                                                                                 -           (5.2)
                  Principal element of lease payments                                           10                (11.0)           (8.6)
                  Net cash inflow from financing activities                                                       785.1            52.6

                  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                       (91.2)         (227.0)

                  Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                          136.0           364.9
                  Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                     0.9            (1.9)
                  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                  16                 45.7           136.0



                           The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes




     104            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                        BASIS OF PREPARATION
                        1.     Reporting entity...............................................................................................................................................................106
                        2.     Basis of preparation .......................................................................................................................................................106
                        KEY NUMBERS
                        3.     Segment information .....................................................................................................................................................108
                        4.     Revenue...........................................................................................................................................................................111
                        5.     Other gains/(losses).......................................................................................................................................................112
                        6.     Expenses .........................................................................................................................................................................113
                        7.     Impairment of assets .....................................................................................................................................................114




For personal use only
                        8.     Provisions .......................................................................................................................................................................115
                        9.     Property, plant and equipment ......................................................................................................................................117
                        10.    Leases .............................................................................................................................................................................120
                        11.    Income tax ......................................................................................................................................................................121
                        12.    Deferred tax ....................................................................................................................................................................123
                        13.    Receivables .....................................................................................................................................................................124
                        14.    Inventories ......................................................................................................................................................................125
                        15.    Trade and other payables ..............................................................................................................................................126
                        CAPITAL
                        16.    Net (debt)/cash and finance costs ...............................................................................................................................127
                        17.    Contributed equity ..........................................................................................................................................................129
                        18.    Reserves and retained earnings ....................................................................................................................................130
                        19.    Dividends.........................................................................................................................................................................131
                        20.    (Loss)/earnings per share..............................................................................................................................................132
                        RISK
                        21.    Financial risk management............................................................................................................................................133
                        22.    Hedging ...........................................................................................................................................................................136
                        GROUP STRUCTURE
                        23.    Controlled entities and deed of cross guarantee .........................................................................................................138
                        24.    Equity accounted associate – Deterra Royalties Limited (Deterra) ............................................................................142
                        OTHER NOTES
                        25.    Contingent liabilities.......................................................................................................................................................144
                        26.    Commitments .................................................................................................................................................................144
                        27.    Remuneration of auditors ..............................................................................................................................................145
                        28.    Share-based payments ..................................................................................................................................................146
                        29.    Post-employment benefit obligations ...........................................................................................................................147
                        30.    Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash inflow from operating activities .............................................148
                        31.    Key management personnel ..........................................................................................................................................149
                        32.    Parent entity financial information ................................................................................................................................150
                        33.    Related party transactions .............................................................................................................................................151
                        34.    New and amended standards........................................................................................................................................151




                                                                                                                                                                           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025    105
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                  BASIS OF PREPARATION
                  1. REPORTING ENTITY
                  Iluka Resources Limited (Company or parent entity) is a for-profit public company listed on the Australian Securities
                  Exchange Limited (ASX) incorporated in Australia and is primarily involved in mineral sands and rare earths exploration,
                  project development, mining operations, processing and marketing.
                  The consolidated financial statements of the Company comprise the Company and its controlled entities (‘Consolidated
                  Group’ or ‘Group’) and the Consolidated Entity’s interest in associates.

                  2. BASIS OF PREPARATION




For personal use only
                  These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with applicable Australian Accounting
                  Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations Act
                  2001.
                  The consolidated financial statements of Iluka Resources Limited also comply with International Financial Reporting
                  Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
                  These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention except for financial assets and
                  liabilities which are required to be measured at fair value. The consolidated financial statements are presented in
                  Australian dollars, which is the Company's functional and presentation currency.
                  New and amended standards adopted by the Group, and their related impacts on the financial statements (if any), are
                  detailed in note 34.

                  a)    Principles of consolidation
                  Subsidiaries
                  Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) controlled by the Company. The Group controls an entity when
                  the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
                  those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
                  The consolidated financial statements are prepared by consolidating the financial statements of all entities within the
                  Group as defined in AASB 10 Consolidated Financial Statements. A list of controlled entities (subsidiaries) at year-end is
                  contained in note 23(a).
                  The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date on which
                  control commences until the date on which control ceases. Accounting policies of subsidiaries are changed where
                  necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
                  Intercompany transactions, balances, and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies, are eliminated.
                  Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of the impairment of the asset transferred.
                  The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred to the Group.
                  Cost is measured as the fair value of the assets given, shares issued, or liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of
                  exchange. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or equity securities.
                  Associates
                  Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control. This is generally the
                  case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                  Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method. Under this method, the Group recognises its share
                  of the associate’s profit or loss in the statement of profit or loss and its share of movements in other comprehensive
                  income (OCI) in the statement of comprehensive income. These OCI movements, including foreign currency translation
                  differences, are recorded directly in the Group’s equity and not in retained earnings. Upon disposal of an associate, the
                  cumulative OCI relating to that associate is reclassified to profit or loss. The Group’s investment in Deterra Royalties
                  Limited is accounted for as an associate (refer to note 24).
                  The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the policy described in
                  note 7.




     106            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        2. BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
                        b)   Principles of consolidation (continued)
                        Employee share trust
                        The Group's Employee Share Schemes are administered through the Iluka Resources Limited Employee Share Plan Trust
                        (the trust). Shares in the Company held by the trust are disclosed as treasury shares in the consolidated financial
                        statements and deducted from contributed equity, net of tax.

                        c)   Rounding of amounts
                        The Company is of a kind referred to in Rounding Instrument 2016/191, issued by the Australian Securities and Investments




For personal use only
                        Commission, relating to the rounding of amounts in the financial statements. In accordance with that Rounding Instrument,
                        amounts in the financial statements have been rounded to the nearest hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise
                        indicated.

                        d)   Critical accounting estimates and judgements
                        The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future in applying its accounting policies. The resulting
                        accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal related actual results. This note provides an overview of areas that
                        involve a higher degree of judgement or complexity, and of items which are more likely to be materially adjusted if
                        estimates or assumptions significantly differ from actual outcomes. Detailed information about each of these estimates
                        and judgements is included in other notes together with information about the basis of calculation for each affected line
                        item in the financial statements.
                        The areas involving significant estimates or judgements are:
                                                                                                                                         Note
                               Asset valuation and impairment                                                                               7
                               Rehabilitation and mine closure provisions                                                                   8
                               Mineral resources and ore reserves                                                                           9
                               Net realisable value and classification of product inventory                                                14

                        Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis, with revisions recognised in the period in which
                        the estimates are revised and future periods affected.
                        The Group recognises the physical and transitional impacts of climate change may affect its assets, productivity, the
                        markets in which it sells its products, and the jurisdictions in which it operates. The Group continues to develop its
                        assessment of the potential impacts of climate change and the transition to a lower carbon economy and, where possible,
                        the potential financial impacts have been considered in the preparation of these financial statements.
                        The Group’s physical and transition risk assessment process is ongoing. Changes in the Group’s climate strategy or global
                        decarbonisation initiatives may impact the Group’s significant judgements and key estimates and materially impact
                        financial results and the carrying values of certain assets and liabilities in future reporting periods.




                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   107
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  KEY NUMBERS
                  3. SEGMENT INFORMATION
                  a)    Description of segments
                  The Group has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the executive
                  management team (the chief operating decision-makers) in assessing performance and in determining the allocation of
                  resources. The operating segments of the Group are:
                          Mineral Sands comprising the mining operations at Jacinth-Ambrosia in South Australia, Cataby in Western
                          Australia, and activities at Balranald in New South Wales. It also includes associated processing operations at the




For personal use only
                          Narngulu mineral separation plant in mid-west Western Australia, and the processing of ilmenite at the Synthetic
                          Rutile Kilns, also located in Western Australia.
                          Rare Earths (RE) comprises the Eneabba Rare Earths Refinery currently being constructed in Western Australia,
                          Phase 1 and 2 of the Eneabba development, and the Group's investment in Northern Minerals Limited.
                          Idle comprises rehabilitation obligations in the United States (Florida and Virginia) where mining and processing
                          activities were substantially completed in December 2015; and certain idle assets located in Australia with no
                          economic path to restart at the present time (Murray Basin).
                  The Rare Earths operating segment has access to a loan facility from Export Finance Australia that is non-recourse to the
                  rest of the Group. As such the associated assets and liabilities are included in the Rare Earths segment assets and segment
                  liabilities below. All other cash, debt, and tax balances are managed at a group level, together with exploration and other
                  corporate activities, and are not allocated to segments.
                  Where finished product capable of sale to a third party is transferred between operating segments, the transfers are made
                  at arm’s length prices. Any transfers of intermediate products between operating segments are made at cost. During the
                  year-ended 31 December 2025, $29.6 million of intermediate material was transferred from Rare Earths to the Minerals
                  Sands segment, and $3.8 million was transferred from Mineral Sands to the Rare Earths Segment (2024: $19.8 million of
                  intermediate material was transferred from Rare Earths to the Minerals Sands segment, and $7.6 million was transferred
                  from Idle to Mineral Sands).


                  b)    Segment results


                                                                                  Mineral Sands     Rare Earths           Idle          Total
                  2025                                                                        $m            $m             $m             $m
                  Total segment sales of critical minerals                                 966.4              -           9.2          975.6
                  Total segment freight revenue                                             39.8              -              -          39.8
                  Depreciation and amortisation expense                                   (228.9)             -          (0.6)        (229.5)
                  Rehabilitation recognised in profit or loss                               20.8              -           5.1           25.9
                  Total segment result                                                    (317.2)         (0.5)         (29.9)        (347.6)
                  Impairment loss - refer note 7                                          (314.7)             -         (25.6)        (340.3)
                  Segment assets                                                         2,492.9         768.9          114.8        3,376.6
                  Segment liabilities                                                      785.5         770.8           35.2        1,591.5
                  Segment capital expenditure                                              400.1         576.5               -         976.6
                  Additions to non-current segment assets                                  406.2         573.4               -         979.6




     108            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        3. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)


                        b)   Segment results (continued)


                                                                                        Mineral Sands    Rare Earths               Idle              Total
                        2024                                                                       $m             $m                $m                $m
                        Total segment sales of critical minerals                              1,128.5              -                  -          1,128.5
                        Total segment freight revenue                                            41.8              -                  -             41.8




For personal use only
                        Depreciation and amortisation expense                                  (188.2)             -              (0.9)           (189.1)
                        Increase/(decrease) in rehabilitation recognised in profit or
                        loss                                                                      2.2               -             3.0                5.2
                        Total segment result                                                    390.7               -           (16.4)             374.3
                        Segment assets                                                        2,591.1          311.0            118.4            3,020.5
                        Segment liabilities                                                     876.1          302.5             70.9            1,249.5
                        Segment capital expenditure                                             286.2          165.2                 -             451.4
                        Additions to non-current segment assets                                 346.6          166.2                 -             512.8



                        Critical minerals revenue is derived from sales to external customers domiciled in various geographical regions. Details of
                        Segment Revenue by location of customers is as follows:


                                                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                                                              $m                    $m
                        China                                                                                               369.9                 367.5
                        Asia excluding China                                                                                116.9                 146.9
                        Europe                                                                                              226.0                 359.2
                        Americas                                                                                            201.3                 240.0
                        Other countries                                                                                      61.5                  14.9
                                                                                                                            975.6               1,128.5



                        Revenue of $158 million was derived from one external customer of the mineral sands segment, which individually
                        accounted for greater than 10% of the total segment revenue (2024: revenues of $190.0 million from one external
                        customer).




                                                                                                                        Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   109
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  3. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
                  b)     Segment results (continued)
                  Segment result is reconciled to profit before income tax as follows:

                                                                                                                     2025      2024
                                                                                                                      $m        $m
                  Total segment result                                                                             (347.6)    374.3
                  Interest income                                                                                     1.9       11.4
                  Marketing and selling                                                                              (1.0)     (2.1)




For personal use only
                  Corporate and other costs                                                                         (34.2)    (48.6)
                  Revaluation gain/(loss) on investment in Northern Minerals                                         11.8      (4.5)
                  Projects, innovation and exploration                                                              (41.9)    (35.6)
                  Depreciation                                                                                       (3.0)     (3.1)
                  Interest and finance charges                                                                      (17.0)     (7.9)
                  Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                                                  (15.5)      19.9
                  Share of profits in associate                                                                      29.6       21.5
                  Impairment loss                                                                                   (10.3)         -
                  (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                                  (427.2)    325.3



                  Total segment assets and total segment liabilities are reconciled to the balance sheet as follows:
                                                                                                                     2025       2024
                                                                                                                      $m          $m
                  Segment assets                                                                                  3,376.6    3,020.5
                  Corporate assets                                                                                   63.8        47.1
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          45.7      136.0
                  Deferred tax assets                                                                               237.3        94.2
                  Current tax receivable                                                                             52.2           -
                  Investment in Deterra Resources Limited                                                           444.5      443.6
                  Total assets as per the balance sheet                                                           4,220.1    3,741.4

                  Segment liabilities                                                                             1,591.5    1,249.5
                  Corporate liabilities                                                                             559.8      104.8
                  Current tax payable                                                                                   -       26.7
                  Total liabilities as per the balance sheet                                                      2,151.3    1,381.0




     110            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        4. REVENUE

                                                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                                         Notes                  $m                     $m
                        Sale of goods                                                                     4(a)                975.6                1,128.5
                        Freight revenue                                                                   4(b)                 39.8                   41.8
                        Total Revenue                                                                                       1,015.4                1,170.3

                        a)   Sale of mineral sands
                        The Group earns revenue by mining, processing, and subsequently selling mineral sands (including zircon, rutile, synthetic




For personal use only
                        rutile and ilmenite) by export to customers based in the Americas, Europe, China, the rest of Asia, and other countries under
                        a range of commercial terms.
                        Revenue from the sale of product is recognised when control has been transferred to the customer, generally being when
                        the product has been dispatched and is no longer under the physical control of the Group. In cases where control of product
                        is transferred to the customer before dispatch takes place, revenue is recognised when the customer has formally
                        acknowledged their legal ownership of the product, which includes all inherent risks associated with control of the product.
                        In these cases, product is clearly identified and immediately available to the customer.
                        Sales to customers are generally denominated in US Dollars, which are translated into Australian dollars using the spot
                        exchange rate applicable on the transaction date. The effect of variable consideration arising from rebates, discounts and
                        other similar arrangements with customers is included in revenue to the extent that it is highly probable that there will be
                        no significant reversal of the cumulative amount of revenue recognised when any pricing uncertainty is resolved. Revenue
                        is recognised net of duties and other taxes.
                        The Group does not expect to have any contracts where the period between the transfer of the promised goods or services
                        to the customer and payment by the customer exceeds one year. Accordingly, the group does not adjust transaction prices
                        for the time value of money.

                        b)   Freight revenue
                        The Group also earns revenue from freighting its products to customers in accordance with the Incoterms in each
                        particular sales contract. Freight revenue is recognised to the extent that the freight service has been delivered, specifically
                        with reference to the proportion of completed freight distance to total freight distance, which is determined by the Group
                        at each reporting date.
                        Freight revenue is allocated from the overall contract price at its standalone selling price (where observable) or otherwise
                        at its estimated cost plus margin.
                        Freight revenue in the current reporting period includes $0.5 million relating to contracts in place at the end of the prior
                        year and excludes $0.4 million relating to contracts in place at the end of the current year for unfulfilled shipping
                        obligations. (2024: Freight revenue included $0.6 million relating to contracts in place at the end of the prior year and
                        excluded $0.5 million for contracts in place at the end of 2024 in relation to unfulfilled shipping obligations.)




                                                                                                                           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   111
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  5. OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES)

                                                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                                 Notes                   $m               $m
                  Interest income                                                                 5(a)                  2.1             12.0
                  Revaluation on investments - Northern Minerals                                  5(c)                 11.8             (4.5)
                  Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                                5(b)                (15.5)            19.9
                  Net gain on sale of fixed assets                                                                      1.3              1.1
                                                                                                                       (0.3)            28.5




For personal use only
                  a)    Interest income
                  Interest income is recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method, net of capitalised borrowing costs.

                  b)    Foreign exchange gains/(losses)
                  Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into Australian dollars using the spot exchange rate when the transaction
                  occurs. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated to Australian dollars at each reporting date
                  exchange rate. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated to
                  Australian dollars at the exchange rate when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured based
                  on historical cost in a foreign currency are not re-translated.
                  Foreign currency differences are recognised in profit or loss (and included in other gains/(losses)) to the extent that they
                  are not part of a designated hedging relationship or form part of the net investment in a foreign operation (notes 22 and
                  18, respectively).

                  c)    Investment in Northern Minerals
                  In October 2022, the Group contributed a total of $20 million to Northern Minerals Limited (ASX:NTU). The investment
                  comprised $5 million for the acquisition of 125 million ordinary shares in NTU and $15 million through the subscription for
                  a convertible note issued by NTU. The investment is carried at fair value through profit or loss, with fair value being
                  determined at each reporting period with reference to the closing share price of Northern Mineral Limited.
                  The $15 million convertible note matured on 31 December 2024, and was redeemed in full. During the year ended 31
                  December 2025 the Group received $18.5 million representing the repayment of the $15 million investment and
                  accumulated interest in accordance with note terms. Following redemption, the Group’s ongoing investment in NTU
                  consists of 125 million ordinary shares.
                  The carrying amount of the investment at 31 December 2025 reflects the derecognition of the convertible note and the fair
                  value of Iluka’s remaining investment in NTU.




     112            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        6. EXPENSES

                                                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                                      Notes                    $m                   $m
                        Expenses
                        Cash costs of production                                                       6(a)               589.1                  644.0
                        Depreciation/amortisation                                                                         208.6                  172.0
                        Purchased inventory                                                                                19.1                       -
                        Inventory movement - cash costs of production                                                    (153.4)                (179.9)
                        Inventory movement - non-cash production costs                                                    (46.0)                 (48.2)




For personal use only
                        NRV write down                                                                  14                215.6                       -
                        Cost of goods sold                                                             6(b)               833.0                  587.9

                        By-product costs                                                               6(c)                  9.7                  16.4
                        Depreciation (idle, corporate and other)                                                            23.9                  20.2
                        Operational readiness                                                          6(d)                 30.3                   7.3
                        Idle capacity charges                                                          6(e)                 32.2                  28.0
                        Rehabilitation costs for closed sites                                          6(f)                (25.9)                 (5.2)
                        Government royalties                                                                                33.5                  35.1
                        Marketing and selling costs                                                                         69.3                  74.3
                        Corporate and other costs                                                      6(g)                 34.2                  48.6
                        Projects, exploration and innovation                                           6(h)                 37.0                  40.0
                        Net loss on sales of assets                                                                          0.5                   0.2
                        Total expenses                                                                                   1,077.7                 852.8

                        a)   Cash costs of production
                        Cash costs of production include costs for mining and concentrating, transport of heavy mineral concentrate, mineral
                        separation, synthetic rutile production, externally purchased ilmenite, and production overheads; but exclude Australian
                        state royalties which are reported separately.

                        b)   Cost of goods sold
                        Cost of goods sold is the inventory value of each tonne of finished zircon, rutile, synthetic rutile and ilmenite sold. All
                        production is added to inventory at cost, which includes direct costs and a portion of fixed and variable overhead
                        expenditure, including depreciation and amortisation, allocated on the basis of relative sales value. The inventory value
                        recognised as cost of goods sold for each tonne of finished product sold is the weighted average value per tonne for the
                        stockpile from which the product is sold.
                        Inventory movement represents the movement in balance sheet inventory of work in progress and finished goods, including
                        the non-cash depreciation and amortisation components and movement in the net realisable value adjustments.

                        c)   By-product costs
                        By-product costs include the costs of processing iron concentrate, processing activated carbon, monazite treatment, and
                        other transport costs.

                        d)   Operational readiness
                        Operational readiness costs represent expenditures incurred after construction is substantially complete but before
                        commercial production is achieved. Costs include personnel costs, site support, training, and commissioning activities
                        that are expensed as incurred because they neither qualify for capitalisation nor represent operating costs.

                        e)   Idle capacity charges
                        Idle capacity charges reflect ongoing costs incurred during periods of no or restricted production.




                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   113
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  6. EXPENSES (CONTINUED)
                  f)    Rehabilitation costs for closed sites
                  These costs relate to adjustments to the rehabilitation provision for closed sites arising from the annual review of
                  rehabilitation programmes and estimates, and are recognised in profit or loss. During the year ended 31 December 2025,
                  a credit of $25.9 million was recognised in the profit or loss reflecting a decrease in the rehab provision for closed sites
                  (2024: credit of $5.2 million). Applicable accounting policy details are outlined in note 8.

                  g)    Corporate and other costs
                  Corporate and other costs reflect expenses required to operate, govern, and grow the business and operations, including
                  employee expenses, office costs, and other overheads for finance, legal, human resources, and senior management.




For personal use only
                  h)    Projects, exploration and innovation
                  These costs relate to activities associated with developing our resources, including exploration and mine planning.

                  i)    Other required disclosures
                  Expenses also include the following:


                                                                                                                      2025             2024
                                                                                                                       $m               $m
                  Employee benefits (excluding share-based payments)                                                 199.2            202.9
                  Share-based payments                                                                                13.6             15.3
                  Exploration expenditure                                                                             14.6             12.1
                  Expenses for short term, low value leases and leases with variable
                                                                                                                        3.2              3.1
                  payments



                  7. IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS
                  Non-financial assets, including equity accounted investments are assessed for the presence of impairment indicators
                  whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that their carrying amounts might not be recoverable. For the
                  purpose of impairment assessments and impairment tests at the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) level, operating assets are
                  grouped at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash flows. The Mineral Sands and Rare Earths CGUs
                  are the same as the operating segments of the Group (refer to note 3).
                  Indicators of impairment
                  During the year, the Group identified impairment indicators present in the Mineral Sands CGU, including the strategic
                  decision to idle the Cataby and Capel minerals sands operations from 1 December 2025 and sustained weakness in the
                  mineral sands market. In addition, the Group recognised a $216 million write down of inventory to net realisable value
                  (refer note 14). These indicators triggered impairment testing of the Group’s assets.
                  Impairment assessments of specific assets
                  The Group assessed the carrying value of assets against recoverable amounts, recognising a $334.1 million impairment
                  to fixed assets (refer note 9 (g) Impairment of Property, plant and equipment). A further $16.5 million impairment was
                  recognised in relation to Right-of-use assets at Cataby (refer note 10 Leases).
                  Impairment assessment of CGUs
                  As impairment indicators were found to be present in the Mineral Sands CGU, the Group has estimated its recoverable
                  amount and compared it to its carrying amount. The recoverable amount was estimated using value-in-use on the
                  discounted present value of future cash flows (a level 3 fair value estimation method) with a nominal discount rate of 10%.
                  This assessment found that there was no additional impairment of the Mineral Sands CGU.
                  Reversal of impairments
                  The Group did not note any conditions that suggest previously recognised impairments can be reversed.




     114            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        8. PROVISIONS
                                                                                                               Notes                2025               2024
                                                                                                                                     $m                 $m
                        Current
                        Rehabilitation and mine closure                                                         8(a)                33.5               46.7
                        Employee benefits - long service leave                                                  8(b)                14.7               14.4
                        Workers compensation and other provisions                                                                    5.5                4.5
                                                                                                                                    53.7               65.6
                        Non-current
                        Rehabilitation and mine closure                                                         8(a)              687.3              757.3




For personal use only
                        Employee benefits - long service leave                                                  8(b)                4.2                5.3
                        Retirement benefit obligations                                                           29                    -               8.3
                                                                                                                                  691.5              770.9

                        Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is
                        probable that resources will be expenses to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
                        obligation.

                        a)   Rehabilitation and mine closure
                        The movements in the rehabilitation and mine closure provision are set out below:


                                                                                                                                                      2025
                        Movements in rehabilitation and mine closure provisions                                                                         $m
                        Balance at 1 January                                                                                                         804.0
                        Amounts spent during the year                                                                                                (21.9)
                        Rehabilitation and mine closure provision unwind                                                                              35.5
                        Change in provisions - movement to property, plant and equipment                                                             (21.6)
                        Change in provisions - profit or loss impact of closed sites                                                                 (25.9)
                        Rehabilitation discount rate changes - for open sites                                                                        (37.2)
                        Rehabilitation discount rate changes - for closed sites                                                                       (8.0)
                        Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                               (4.1)
                        Balance at 31 December                                                                                                       720.8

                        The Group has obligations to dismantle and remove certain items of property, plant and equipment and to restore and
                        rehabilitate the land on which they sit. A provision is raised for the estimated cost of performing the rehabilitation and
                        restoration obligations existing at balance date, discounted to present value using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate.
                        Where the obligation is related to an item of property, plant and equipment, its cost includes the present value of the
                        estimated costs of dismantling and removing the asset, and restoring and rehabilitating the site on which it is located.
                        Costs that relate to obligations arising from waste created by the production process are recognised as production costs
                        in the period in which they arise.
                        The total rehabilitation and mine closure provision of $720.8 million (2024: $804 million) includes $161.6 million (2024:
                        $171.9 million) for assets no longer in use. Changes in the expected rehabilitation liability that relate to closed sites are
                        recognised as a credit to or expense in profit or loss (refer to note 6).
                        Open site rehabilitation liabilities decreased by $78.0 million in the current reporting period (2024: increased by $42.4
                        million), predominantly due to movement in inflation rates used to calculate the present value of future cash flows.




                                                                                                                         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   115
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                 8. PROVISIONS (CONTINUED)
                 a)        Rehabilitation and mine closure (continued)



                        Key estimate: Rehabilitation and mine closure provisions
                        The Group’s assessment of the present value of the rehabilitation and mine closure provisions requires the use of
                        significant estimates and judgements, including the future cost of performing the work required, timing of the cash
                        flows, discount rates, final remediation strategy, and future land use requirements. The provision can also be impacted
                        prospectively by changes to legislation or regulations.




For personal use only
                        The provisions are reassessed at least annually. A change in any of the assumptions used to determine the provisions
                        could have a material impact on the carrying value of the provision. In the case of provisions for assets which remain in
                        use, adjustments to the provision are offset by a change in the carrying value of the related asset. Where the provisions
                        are for assets no longer in use, such as mines and processing sites that have been closed, any adjustment is reflected
                        directly in profit or loss.



                        Key estimate: Discount rate for provisions
                        Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market
                        assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability to the extent they are not included in the
                        cash flows.
                        Rehabilitation and mine closure provisions for Australia and the US are remeasured at each reporting date by
                        discounting risk adjusted cash flows at discount rates representing the risk-free rates of applicable government bonds
                        for the currencies in which each respective provision is recognised.
                        Rehabilitation and mine closure provisions have been calculated by discounting risk adjusted cash flows at discount
                        rates of 5.0% and 3.7% for Australia and the US, respectively (2024: 4.3% and 3.9% for Australia and the US, respectively).
                        An increase of one percent in only the discount rate used to calculate rehabilitation and mine closure provisions would
                        result in a decrease to their closing balance of $59.0 million. Of this amount, $48.7 million would be recognised as a
                        decrease in rehabilitation assets for open sites, and $10.3 million would be recognised as a credit in profit or loss for
                        closed or previously impaired sites.


                 b)        Employee benefits
                 The employee benefits provision includes long service leave entitlements measured as the present value of expected
                 future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date, discounted using
                 market yields at the reporting date on corporate bonds with terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as
                 possible, the estimated future cash outflows. Liabilities for annual leave are included in payables.
                 The current provision includes amounts for vested long service leave for which the Group does not have an unconditional
                 right to defer settlement, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur. However, based on past
                 experience, the Group does not expect all employees to take the full amount of accrued leave or require payment within
                 the next 12 months.




     116            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        9. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                Plant,      Mine
                                                                  Land &                          Exploration & Assets under
                                                                          machinery &  reserves &                                                     Total
                                                                buildings                           evaluation construction
                                                                           equipment development
                                                                      $m              $m           $m            $m                  $m                  $m
                        At 1 January 2024³
                        Cost                                       186.8        1,984.5       1,161.8          27.2              368.5            3,728.8
                        Accumulated depreciation¹                  (41.3)      (1,698.7)       (638.6)        (16.5)                  -          (2,395.1)
                        Opening written down value                 145.5          285.8         523.2          10.7              368.5            1,333.7




For personal use only
                        Additions                                    6.5          72.1           40.7           1.6              396.3               517.2
                        Disposals                                   (0.1)         (0.3)              -             -                  -               (0.4)
                        Depreciation                                (1.9)        (81.5)        (102.4)             -                  -             (185.8)
                        Exchange differences²                        6.2              -              -             -                  -                6.2
                        Closing written down value                 156.2         276.1          461.5          12.3              764.8             1,670.9

                        At 31 December 2024³
                        Cost                                       199.5        2,056.6       1,202.5          28.8              764.8            4,252.2
                        Accumulated depreciation¹                  (43.3)      (1,780.5)       (741.0)        (16.5)                  -          (2,581.3)
                        Closing written down value                 156.2          276.1         461.5          12.3              764.8            1,670.9
                        Plant
                        Year ended 31 December 2025
                        Additions                                   47.8         156.4            3.6           0.6             674.2               882.6
                        Disposals                                   (1.3)         (0.1)          (0.3)             -                 -               (1.7)
                        Depreciation                                (5.7)       (110.3)        (105.5)             -                 -             (221.5)
                        Transfer to assets held for sale            (4.5)             -              -             -                 -               (4.5)
                        Exchange differences²                       (4.9)         (2.5)           3.7              -                 -               (3.7)
                        Impairment                                  (7.9)       (155.6)        (160.2)        (10.4)                 -             (334.1)
                        Closing written down value                 179.7         164.0          202.8           2.5           1,439.0             1,988.0
                        Plant
                        At 31 December 2025
                        Cost                                       230.3        2,089.2         874.7          20.0           1,439.0             4,653.2
                        Accumulated depreciation¹                  (50.6)      (1,925.2)       (671.9)        (17.5)                 -           (2,665.2)
                        Closing written down value                 179.7          164.0         202.8           2.5           1,439.0             1,988.0

                        1 Accumulated depreciation includes cumulative impairment charges

                        2 Exchange differences arising on translation of the gross cost and accumulated depreciation of items of property, plant

                        and equipment held by foreign operations are reflected net.
                        3 Presentation of prior year figures have been restated to align with current year presentation with Assets Under
                        Construction disclosed as a separate category.



                         Key estimate: determination of mineral resources and ore reserves
                         The determination of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves impacts the accounting for asset carrying values. The Group
                         estimates its Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves in accordance with the Australian Code for Reporting of Exploration
                         Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves 2012 (the "JORC Code"). The information on Mineral Resources and Ore
                         Reserves was prepared by or under the supervision of Competent Persons as defined in the JORC Code. The amounts
                         presented are based on the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves determined under the JORC Code.
                         There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves, and assumptions that
                         are valid at the time of estimation may change significantly when new information becomes available.
                         Changes in the forecast prices of commodities, exchange rates, production costs or recovery rates may change the
                         economic status of Reserves and may ultimately result in Reserves being restated.


                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   117
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  9. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                  a)           Property, plant and equipment
                  Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment charges. Cost includes:
                               •   expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items;
                               •   direct costs associated with the commissioning of plant and equipment, including pre-commissioning costs in
                                   testing the processing plant;
                               •   if the asset is constructed by the Group, the cost of all materials used in construction, direct labour on the project,
                                   project management costs and unavoidable borrowing costs incurred during construction of assets with a
                                   construction period greater than 12 months and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overheads; and




For personal use only
                               •   the present value of the estimated costs of dismantling and removing the asset, and restoring and rehabilitating
                                   the site on which it is located.
                  As set out in note 8, in the case of rehabilitation provisions for assets which remain in use, adjustments to the carrying
                  value of the provision are offset by a change in the carrying value of the related asset. Total assets derecognised in the
                  current year relating to rehab totalled $58.8 million (2024: additions of $42.4 million) relating to rehabilitation.

                  b)           Maintenance and repairs
                  Certain items of plant used in the primary extraction, separation and secondary processing of extracted minerals are
                  subject to a major overhaul on a cyclical basis. Costs incurred during such overhauls are characterised as either capital in
                  nature or repairs and maintenance. Work performed may involve:
                        (i)        the replacement of a discrete sub-component asset, in which case an asset addition is recognised and the book
                                   value of the replaced item is written off; and
                        (ii)       demonstrably extending the useful life or functionality of an existing asset, in which case the relevant cost is
                                   added to the capitalised cost of the asset in question.
                  Costs incurred during a major cyclical overhaul which do not constitute (i) or (ii) above, are written off as repairs and
                  maintenance as incurred. General repairs and maintenance which are not characterised as part of a major cyclical overhaul
                  are expensed as incurred.

                  c)           Depreciation and amortisation
                  Items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. The estimated useful
                  life of buildings is the shorter of applicable mine life or 25 years; plant and equipment is between 2 and 20 years. Land is
                  not depreciated.
                  Expenditure on mine reserves and development is amortised over the life of mine, based on the rate of depletion of the
                  economically recoverable reserves (units of production methodology). If production has not yet commenced, or the mine
                  is idle, amortisation is not charged.

                  d)           Assets not being depreciated
                  Within property, plant and equipment, excluding exploration and land assets, are amounts totalling $124.1 million which
                  have not been depreciated in the year as mining of the related area of interest has not yet commenced (2024: $100.7
                  million). All assets under construction are not depreciated as they are not yet ready for use.




     118            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        9. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                        e)   Exploration, evaluation and development expenditure
                        Exploration and evaluation expenditure is accumulated separately for each area of interest. Such expenditure comprises
                        net direct costs and an appropriate portion of related overhead expenditure. Expenditure is carried forward when incurred
                        in areas for which the Group has rights of tenure and where economic mineralisation is indicated, but activities have not
                        yet reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable
                        ore reserves, and active and significant operations in relation to the area are continuing. Each such project is regularly
                        reviewed. If the project is abandoned or if it is considered unlikely the project will proceed to development, accumulated
                        costs to that point are written off immediately.
                        Each area of interest is limited to a size related to a known mineral resource capable of supporting a mining operation.




For personal use only
                        Identifiable exploration assets acquired from another mining company are recognised as assets at their cost of
                        acquisition.
                        Projects are advanced to development status when it is expected that accumulated and future expenditure on development
                        can be recouped through project development or sale. Capitalised exploration is transferred to Mine Reserves once the
                        related ore body achieves JORC reserve status (reported in accordance with JORC, 2012) and has been included in the life
                        of mine plan.
                        All of the above expenditure is carried forward up to commencement of operations at which time it is amortised in
                        accordance with the reserves and development depreciation policy noted in (c) above.

                        f)   Capitalised borrowing costs
                        Refer to note 16 for details on capitalised borrowing costs.

                        g)   Impairment of PPE
                        During the year, the Group identified impairment indicators including the strategic decision to idle the Cataby and Capel
                        minerals sands operations from 1 December 2025 and subdued demand in the mineral sands market. In addition, the
                        Group recognised a $216 million write down of inventory to net realisable value (refer note 14). These indicators triggered
                        impairment testing of the Group’s assets.
                        The Group assessed the carrying value of assets against recoverable amounts where practicable. Operation‑specific tests
                        were performed for Cataby and Capel (including the SR2 kiln), reflecting the asset‑specific idling decisions and available
                        stand‑alone valuation models. $240.1 million impairment was recognised on operation‑specific assets at Cataby and
                        Capel. Cataby and Capel/SR2 were impaired to individually determined recoverable amounts, with some residual value
                        retained for expected future recoverability.
                        Impairment of $94 million was recognised for specific assets with limited expected economic value (including suspended
                        studies, idled infrastructure, and selected exploration assets).




                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   119
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                 10. LEASES
                 a)     Amounts recognised in the statement of financial position
                                                                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                                                                              $m            $m
                 Right-of-use assets
                 Buildings                                                                                                    4.1           5.2
                 Plant, machinery and equipment                                                                               9.7          30.7
                 Total right-of-use assets                                                                                   13.8          35.9
                 Lease Liabilities
                 Current                                                                                                     12.0          12.6




For personal use only
                 Non-current                                                                                                 23.2          28.1
                 Total lease liabilities                                                                                     35.2          40.7

                 Additions to the right-of-use assets during the reporting period were $5.5 million (2024: $24.4 million). Right-of-use assets
                 are reflected net of incentives received. The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is included in note 21(d).
                 Impairment of right-of-use assets
                 The impairment indicators identified for PPE (refer note 9(g)) also applied to right-of-use. Consistent with the Group’s
                 approach across all non‑current assets, right-of-use assets were tested for impairment on an individual‑asset basis.
                 This assessment resulted in an impairment of $16.5 million to right-of-use assets at Cataby in the current year.

                 b)     Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss
                                                                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                                                                              $m            $m
                 Amortisation charge of right-of-use assets
                 Buildings                                                                                                    1.0           1.0
                 Plant, machinery and equipment                                                                              10.0           5.9
                                                                                                                             11.0           6.9

                 Borrowing costs                                                                                              1.9           0.8
                 Expenses relating to short term leases, low value leases and leases with variable
                                                                                                                              3.2           3.1
                 payments
                 Impairments                                                                                                 16.5              -



                 Payments for the principal element of leases of $11.0 million (2024: $8.6 million) are included in the statement of cash
                 flows.
                 The group leases various offices, warehouses, equipment and vehicles. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed
                 periods of 6 months to 10 years, but may have extension options as described below.
                 Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The group allocates the consideration in the contract to the
                 lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices.
                 Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease
                 agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
                 Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.
                 Lease liabilities
                 Liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis by discounting the following lease payments
                 to their present value:
                        •     Fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
                        •     variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
                              commencement date;
                        •     amounts expected to be payable by the group under residual value guarantees;
                        •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the group is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
                        •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the group exercising that option.

     120            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        10. LEASES (CONTINUED)
                        b)   Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss (continued)
                        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
                        liability.
                        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined,
                        which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual
                        lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a
                        similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions. The weighted average borrowing rate used for
                        the year was 4.6% (2024: 4.6%).




For personal use only
                        Subsequent to initial recognition, lease liabilities are carried at amortised cost. Payments are allocated between repayment
                        of principal and borrowing costs, which are charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant
                        periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.
                        Right-of-use assets
                        Right-of-use assets are initially recognised at cost, comprising:
                             •   the amount of the lease liability;
                             •   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any incentives received;
                             •   initial direct costs; and
                             •   restoration costs.
                        Subsequently, right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-
                        line basis. Where the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over
                        the underlying asset’s useful life.
                        Short term leases, leases of low value assets and leases containing variable payments
                        Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets are recognised
                        on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

                        11.INCOME TAX
                        Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax and is recognised in profit or loss, as disclosed in (a) below, except
                        to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income as disclosed in (c) below.

                        a)   Income tax expense



                                                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                 $m                     $m
                        Current tax                                                                                             11.9                 121.9
                        Deferred tax                                                                                         (149.9)                 (24.8)
                        (Over)/under provided in previous years                                                                (0.8)                  (3.1)
                                                                                                                             (138.8)                  94.0




                                                                                                                           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   121
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                 11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)
                 b)     Reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable
                                                                                                                      2025             2024
                                                                                                                        $m               $m
                 (Loss)/profit before income tax expense                                                            (427.2)            325.3

                 Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2024: 30%)                                                  (128.2)             97.6
                 Tax effect of amounts not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                    Equity accounted share of profit - Deterra                                                        (9.1)             (6.6)
                    Share based payments                                                                               0.9                1.4




For personal use only
                    Remeasurement loss on Northern Minerals                                                           (3.5)               1.3
                    Non-deductible expenses                                                                            0.3                0.4
                    Other items                                                                                        0.1                0.8
                    Losses not recognised by overseas operations                                                       1.8                2.2
                                                                                                                    (137.7)             97.1

                 Over provision in prior years                                                                        (1.1)             (3.1)
                 Income tax (benefit)/expense                                                                       (138.8)             94.0

                 No tax benefits have been recognised in respect of exploration activities of overseas operations as their recovery is not
                 currently considered probable.
                 The idling of the US operations at the end of 2015 means that the recovery of US state and federal tax losses are not
                 considered probable. Unrecognised US state and federal tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised
                 are US$728.8 million (equivalent to $1,088 million) at 31 December 2025 (2024: US$679.4 million, equivalent to $1,026
                 million).
                 Unused capital losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised are approximately $104.5 million (2024: $101.7
                 million) (tax at the Australian rate of 30%: $31.3 million (2024: $30.5 million)). The benefit of these unused capital losses
                 will only be obtained if sufficient future capital gains are made and the losses remain available under tax legislation.

                 c)     Tax expense relating to items of other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                                        $m               $m
                 Changes in fair value of foreign exchange cash flow hedges                                           (6.2)               6.5
                 Actuarial gains on retirement benefit obligation                                                       0.4               0.1
                                                                                                                      (5.8)              6.6

                 The income tax expense or benefit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the
                 applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to
                 temporary differences and to unused tax losses. The current tax charge is calculated using the tax rates and tax laws
                 enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable
                 income.

                 d)     International tax reform – pillar two model rules
                 The Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Pillar Two legislation has been substantively enacted in Australia and applies
                 to the Group for the income year commenced 1 January 2024. BEPS Pillar Two establishes a global minimum tax rate of
                 15% for multinational enterprise groups with consolidated global revenues over €750 million. This initiative, part of the
                 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)/G20 Inclusive Framework seeks to curb profit-shifting
                 and create uniform tax regulations across different jurisdictions.
                 Consistent with amendments to AASB 112 Income Taxes, the Group has applied the mandatory exception to recognising
                 and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities relating to Pillar Two income taxes.
                 The Group has satisfied the de-minimis test under the transitional safe harbours which allows the Group to use existing
                 country-by-country reporting and financial accounting data as a basis. As the Group has qualified for safe harbor relief,
                 there will be no Pillar Two current tax expense for the Group.


     122            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        12. DEFERRED TAX
                                                                                                                                    2025            2024
                                                                                                                                     $m              $m
                        Deferred tax asset:
                        The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                        Employee provisions                                                                                        10.0             10.8
                        Rehabilitation provisions                                                                                 213.8            234.7
                        Provisions                                                                                                  1.6                 -
                        Property, plant & equipment                                                                                 6.4                 -
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                          10.5             12.2
                        Cash flow hedge reserve (in equity)                                                                           -              9.2




For personal use only
                        Other                                                                                                       8.3             11.1
                        Gross deferred tax assets                                                                                 250.6            278.0

                        Amount offset from deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provision                                 (13.3)          (183.8)
                        Net deferred tax assets                                                                                   237.3             94.2

                        Deferred tax liability:
                        The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                 -           (149.8)
                        Inventory                                                                                                   (8.1)          (20.5)
                        Treasury shares                                                                                             (0.1)           (0.7)
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                                         (4.2)          (10.8)
                        Receivables                                                                                                 (0.3)           (0.3)
                        Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                     (0.5)              -
                        Other                                                                                                       (0.1)           (1.7)
                        Gross deferred tax liabilities                                                                             (13.3)         (183.8)
                                                                                                                                                       -
                        Amount offset to deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provision                                          13.3           183.8
                        Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   -                 -

                        Movements in net deferred tax balance:
                        Balance at 1 January                                                                                       94.2              62.1
                        Credited to the income statement                                                                          149.9              24.8
                        Under/(over) provision in prior years                                                                       3.8              (1.9)
                        Charged directly to equity                                                                                (10.6)              9.2
                        Balance at 31 December                                                                                    237.3              94.2

                        Deferred tax policy
                        Deferred income tax is provided on all temporary differences at the balance sheet date between accounting carrying
                        amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities.
                        Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, other than for the exemptions permitted
                        under accounting standards.
                        Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax assets
                        and unused tax losses, to the extent it is probable that taxable profit will be available to utilise these deductible temporary
                        differences, other than for the exemptions permitted under accounting standards. The carrying amount of deferred income
                        tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
                        taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised.
                        Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the
                        asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted
                        at the balance sheet date.
                        Income taxes relating to items recognised directly in equity are also recognised in equity and not in the income statement.
                        Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax
                        assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to the same taxable entity and the
                        same taxation authority.
                        No deferred tax liability is recognised on the Iluka Group’s equity accounted investment in Deterra Royalties, which
                        generates dividends for the Group. It is Deterra Royalties’ current policy to frank all dividends to the maximum percent
                        possible, which means no tax is payable on the dividends by the Group. The Group continuously monitors this position
                        and will update it as required.

                        Iluka Resources Limited                                      123                                           31 December 2025

                                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   123
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025

                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                 13. RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                           2025           2024
                                                                                                                            $m              $m
                 Trade receivables                                                                                        266.8           268.1
                 Other receivables                                                                                         21.3            22.6
                                                                                                                          288.1           290.7



                 Trade receivables are recognised initially at the value of the invoice sent to the customer and subsequently at the amount




For personal use only
                 considered recoverable, translated using the spot exchange rate at balance date with translation differences accounted
                 for in line with the Group's accounting policy (refer note 1). Recognition occurs at the earlier of dispatch or formal
                 acknowledgement of legal ownership by a customer, as this is the point in time that the consideration is unconditional
                 because only the passage of time is required before payment is due. Trade receivables are generally paid within 75 days
                 of the invoice being issued (2024: 76 days).
                 The Group has applied the simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses (ECL), which uses a lifetime expected
                 loss allowance for all trade receivables. Based on the payment profiles of sales over the past three years and historical
                 credit losses experienced within this period, the Group concluded that the lifetime ECL would be negligible and therefore
                 no loss allowance was required at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil). The amount of any impairment loss is recognised in the
                 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income within other expenses.
                 Trade receivables are written off where there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no
                 reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the
                 group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than 120 days past due. Impairment losses on
                 trade receivables and subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off of $nil are included in other expenses (2024:
                 $nil).
                 There was $2.3 million overdue at balance date (2024: $27.2 million), of which $nil is more than 28 days overdue (2024:
                 $nil).
                 Due to the short-term nature of the Group’s receivables, their carrying value is considered to approximate fair value.

                 a)     Trade receivables purchase facility
                 Iluka has a purchase facility for the sale of eligible trade receivables. Sold trade receivables are not derecognised because
                 the majority of the risks and rewards of ownership, including credit risk, are retained by the Group. Instead, the amount of
                 sold receivables is reflected as a continuing involvement asset (included in other receivables) with a corresponding
                 continuing involvement liability (included in payables) for the same amount. Trade receivables include $nil of sold trade
                 receivables at the reporting date (2024: $nil million).

                 b)     Credit risk
                 At 31 December 2025 the trade receivables balance was $266.8 million, with $52.8 million secured by letters of credit. As
                 a result, the Group had $215.3 million of uninsured receivables at the reporting date (2024: $215.3 million uninsured
                 receivables). Further details regarding the Group's approach to managing customer credit risk are outlined in note 21(b).




                 Iluka Resources Limited                                     124                                          31 December 2025

     124            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        14. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                                                                  $m                 $m
                        Current
                        Work in progress                                                                                         60.9               284.6
                        Finished goods                                                                                          525.0               476.0
                        Consumables stores                                                                                      146.1                78.8
                        Total current inventories                                                                               732.0               839.4




For personal use only
                        Non-Current
                        Finished goods                                                                                           82.4                 2.9
                        Work in progress                                                                                        278.4               202.1
                        Total non-current inventories                                                                           360.8               205.0

                        Total Inventories                                                                                     1,092.8            1,044.4



                        Inventories are valued at the lower of weighted average cost and estimated net realisable value. The net realisable value
                        is the estimated selling price in the normal course of business, less any anticipated costs of completion and the estimated
                        costs to sell, including royalties.
                        There are separate inventory stockpile values for each product, including Heavy Mineral Concentrate (HMC) and other
                        intermediate products, at each inventory location.
                        Weighted average cost includes direct costs and an appropriate portion of fixed and variable overhead expenditure,
                        including depreciation and amortisation. As a result of mineral sands being co-products from the same mineral separation
                        process, costs are allocated to inventory on the basis of the relative sales value of the finished goods produced. No cost
                        is attributed to by-products, except direct costs.
                        Consumable stores include ilmenite feedstock acquired from third parties, flocculant, coal, diesel and warehouse stores.
                        A regular and ongoing review is undertaken to establish the extent of surplus, obsolete or damaged stores, which are then
                        valued at estimated net realisable value.
                        Inventories expected to be sold (or consumed in the case of stores) within 12 months after the balance sheet date are
                        classified as current assets; all other inventories are classified as non-current assets.



                         Key estimate: Net realisable value and classification of product inventory
                         The Group’s assessment of the net realisable value and classification of its inventory holdings involves significant
                         judgement and estimation. Key assumptions include estimated future product prices, product quality adjustments,
                         expected costs to complete and sell, and the anticipated timing of sale of inventory.
                         During the year, the Group recognised inventory write downs of $215.6 million (2024: $nil) arising primarily from changes
                         in forecast mineral sand prices and demand. These amounts have been recognised in cost of goods sold. At 31 December
                         2025, a total of $829 million is held at net realisable value (2024: all inventory held at cost).
                         If forecast selling prices were 5% higher or lower than those used in the assessment at balance sheet date, the carrying
                         value of inventory would increase or decrease, respectively, by approximately $70.0 million (2024: negligible impact).
                         Inventory of $360.8 million (2024: $205.0 million) was classified as non-current as it is not expected to be processed and
                         sold within 12 months of the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   125
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                 15.TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES


                                                                                                                        2025           2024
                                                                                                                         $m             $m
                 Trade payables                                                                                         48.4           58.9
                 Accruals                                                                                              199.4          118.4
                 Employee entitlements (annual leave)                                                                   14.9           17.0
                 Government royalties payable                                                                            5.9            4.1
                                                                                                                       268.6          198.4




For personal use only
                 a)     Trade payables
                 Trade payables are recognised at the value of the invoice receive from a supplier. This represent liabilities for goods and
                 services provided to the Group prior to the end of the financial year that are unpaid and arise when the Group becomes
                 obligated to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services. The amounts are unsecured
                 and generally paid within 30 days of recognition.

                 b)     Accruals
                 Accruals are recognised when the Group has incurred an obligation for goods or services but not yet received at the
                 reporting date. Accruals are measured at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at
                 the reporting date.




     126            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        CAPITAL
                        16. NET (DEBT)/CASH AND FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                                                       $m                 $m
                        Cash and cash equivalents
                        Cash at bank and in hand                                                                                      45.7                96.0
                        Deposits at call                                                                                                 -                40.0
                                                                                                                                      45.7




For personal use only
                        Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  136.0

                        Non-current interest bearing liabilities (unsecured)
                        EFA loan facility                                                                                          (609.7)            (248.8)
                        MOFA loan facility                                                                                         (499.9)             (10.0)
                        Deferred borrowing costs                                                                                      7.3                 8.2
                        Total interest-bearing liabilities                                                                       (1,102.3)            (250.6)

                        Net debt                                                                                                 (1,056.6)            (114.6)




                        a)     Cash and cash equivalents
                        Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and deposits held at call with financial institutions with original maturities
                        of three months or less.
                        Cash and deposits are at floating interest rates between 0.1% and 5.0% (2024: 0.1% and 5.3%) on Australian and foreign
                        currency denominated deposits.
                        Cash and cash equivalents includes $7.1 million (2024: $7.4 million) which is restricted by legal or contractual
                        arrangements.

                        b)     Interest-bearing liabilities
                        Interest-bearing liabilities are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs, with subsequent
                        measurement at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Under the amortised cost method the difference
                        between the amount initially recognised and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the
                        borrowings on an effective interest basis.
                        Interest-bearing liabilities are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has a substantive right to defer settlement
                        for at least 12 months after the balance sheet date.
                        The Group has access to the following facilities at the reporting date:

                        (i)    Multi Option Facility Agreement (MOFA)
                        The Multi Optional Facility Agreement comprises a series of unsecured committed five year bilateral revolving credit
                        facilities with several domestic and foreign institutions. The facility totals $800 million, expiring in 2029 (31 December
                        2024: $800 million expiring in 2029).
                        At 31 December 2025, $499.9 million cash and $40 million bank guarantees was drawn against the MOFA, with $261
                        million remaining undrawn (2024: $10 million cash and $39 million bank guarantees drawn, $751 million undrawn).
                        The MOFA is subject to both financial and non-financial covenants, including maintaining certain interest cover and gearing
                        ratios. The Group tests for compliance semi-annually to align with full and half year reporting dates. As at 31 December
                        2025 Iluka was in compliance, with no covenant breaches or waivers.

                        (ii)   Export Finance Australia
                        The Group (via Iluka Eneabba Pty Ltd, a special purpose entity) has access to funds for construction and commissioning
                        of the Eneabba Rare Earths Refinery (ERER) under a risk sharing agreement with the Australian Government (as part of its
                        Critical Minerals Facility initiative).
                        The facility is non-recourse to Iluka, secured against the ERER asset, has a variable interest rate equal to the BBSY + 3%
                        and has a total term of up to 16 years expiring in 2038. Facility payments commence on project completion.
                                                                                                                            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   127
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  16. NET (DEBT)/CASH AND FINANCE COSTS (CONTINUED)
                  b)     Interest bearing liabilities (continued)
                  The facility was originally established at $1,250 million, accompanied by cash equity contributions from the Group totalling
                  $200 million, provided on a 1:3 basis with initial drawdowns. In February 2025 the facility limit was increased to $1,650
                  million, with the Group’s cash contribution rising to $414 million. Access to the increased facility amount is subject to the
                  Group securing offtake agreements that meet the requirements of the Australian Government, and the additional funding
                  can only be drawn once the initial $1,450 million of funding arrangements has been fully utilised.
                  The EFA facility is subject to covenants designed to support ongoing lender oversight and risk management, primarily
                  outlining that funds from the facility may only be used for the construction, commissioning and related activities of the
                  Eneabba Rare Earths Refinery. The Group tests for compliance each time an amount is drawn down from the facility. As




For personal use only
                  at 31 December 2025 Iluka was in compliance with applicable covenants.

                  c)     Interest rate exposure
                  As at the reporting date, $609.7 million was drawn down (2024: $248.8 million) on the EFA facility and is subject to an
                  effective weighted average floating interest rate of 7.8% (2024: 7.5%). The $75 million overrun facility was undrawn.
                  Additionally, $499.9 million (2024: $10) was drawn on the MOFA facility subject to an interest rate of 5.2% (2024: 5.9%).
                  The contractual repricing date of all floating rate interest-bearing liabilities at the balance date is within one year.


                  d)     Finance costs
                                                                                                                               2025          2024
                                                                                                                                 $m            $m
                  Interest charges on interest-bearing liabilities                                                             12.4            0.8
                  Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs                                                                      0.6            3.2
                  Bank fees and similar charges                                                                                 4.0            4.7
                  Lease borrowing costs                                                                                         1.9            0.8
                  Rehabilitation and mine closure provision discount unwind                                                    32.7           32.7
                  Rehabilitation provision discount rate changes                                                               (8.0)             -
                  Total finance costs                                                                                          43.6           42.2

                  (i)    Capitalisation of borrowing costs
                  The Group capitalises borrowing costs incurred on the EFA facility to the extent they are incurred for the construction of
                  the Eneabba Rare Earths Refinery. Borrowing costs comprise interest and related amortisation of deferred borrowing costs
                  on the EFA facility, net of interest income. $0.5 million of deferred borrowing costs were capitalised to the cost of the
                  Eneabba Rare Earths Refinery during the current reporting period (2024: $11.4 million), which is included in additions to
                  property, plant and equipment.

                  (ii)   Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs
                  Fees paid on establishment of borrowing facilities are recognised as transaction costs and amortised over the shorter of
                  the loan term or expected repayment (or modification) date through profit or loss to the extent they are not capitalised to
                  qualifying assets.

                  (iii) Rehabilitation and mine closure provision discount unwind
                  Rehabilitation and mine closure unwind represents the cost associated with the passage of time. Rehabilitation provisions
                  are recognised as the discounted value of the present obligation to restore, dismantle and rehabilitate with the increase in
                  the provision due to passage of time being recognised as a finance cost in accordance with the policy described in note
                  8(a).

                  (iv) Rehabilitation provision discount rate changes
                  Differences arising from changes to the discount rates used to calculate rehabilitation provisions for closed sites are
                  recognised in profit or loss as finance costs. The risk free discount rate used in 2025 was 5.0% (2024: 4.3%) for Australian
                  sites. For closed sites in the US, the risk free discount rate used in 2025 was 3.7% (2024: 3.9%). Refer to note 8.




     128            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        17. CONTRIBUTED EQUITY

                                                                                   2025               2024                 2025                     2024
                                                                                  Shares             Shares                 $m                       $m
                        Balance on 1 January, comprising
                        Ordinary shares - fully paid                       428,249,335          426,032,302            1,159.8                   1,143.9
                        Treasury shares - net of tax                          (379,526)            (99,643)               (1.4)                     (0.7)
                                                                           427,869,809          425,932,659            1,158.4                   1,143.2

                        Movement in ordinary share capital




For personal use only
                        2025 Interim Dividend - DRP                              41,852                   -                  0.3                        -
                        2024 Final Dividend - DRP                                72,718                   -                  0.3                        -
                        2024 Interim Dividend - DRP                                   -              37,703                    -                      0.4
                        2023 Final Dividend - DRP                                     -              51,728                    -                      0.2
                        Share issue                                           1,340,000           2,127,602                  6.2                     15.3

                        Movements in treasury shares, net of tax
                        Employee share allocations                            1,770,750            1,847,719                6.2                      10.0
                        Treasury share issues                                (1,340,000)         (2,127,602)               (4.3)                   (10.7)
                        Treasury share purchase                                (121,200)                   -               (0.4)

                        Balance on 31 December, comprising                 429,633,929          427,869,809            1,166.7                   1,158.4
                        Ordinary shares - fully paid                       429,703,905          428,249,335            1,166.6                   1,159.8
                        Treasury shares - net of tax                           (69,976)           (379,526)                0.1                      (1.4)


                        a)   Ordinary Share Capital
                        Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion
                        to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. On a show of hands, every holder of ordinary shares present at a
                        meeting in person or by proxy is entitled to one vote, and upon a poll each share is entitled to one vote. Incremental costs
                        directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
                        The Group issues ordinary shares to shareholders who elect to receive shares instead of cash dividends as part of the
                        Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP). During the year, the Group issued the following shares under the DRP:


                                                                                                                                   Number of ordinary
                                                                                  Date issued            Price per share
                                                                                                                                       shares issued
                        2024 final                                            24 March 2025                        $4.16                      72,718
                        2025 interim                                      22 September 2025                        $6.03                      41,852




                        b)   Treasury Shares
                        Treasury shares are shares in Iluka Resources Limited issued and held by the Group for the purpose of allocating shares
                        under the Directors, Executives and Employees Share Acquisition Plan and the Employee Share Plan.




                                                                                                                           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   129
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  18. RESERVES AND RETAINED EARNINGS
                                                                                                        Notes             2025           2024
                                                                                                                           $m             $m
                  Asset revaluation reserve
                  Balance at 1 January                                                                                    10.7           10.7
                  Balance at 31 December                                                                 18(a)            10.7           10.7

                  Hedge reserve
                  Balance at 1 January                                                                                   (20.1)           1.4
                  Changes in the fair value of hedging instruments recognised in equity                                   29.7          (29.4)




For personal use only
                  Reclassified to profit or loss                                                                             -           (1.3)
                  Deferred tax                                                                                            (8.9)           9.2
                  Balance at 31 December                                                                 18(b)             0.7          (20.1)

                  Share-based payments reserve
                  Balance at 1 January                                                                                    11.5           10.4
                  Share-based payments, net of tax                                                                         9.6           11.1
                  Transfer of shares to employees, net of tax                                                             (6.2)         (10.0)
                  Balance at 31 December                                                                 18(c)            14.9           11.5

                  Foreign currency translation
                  Balance at 1 January                                                                                      9.1          (1.1)
                  Share of foreign currency translation reserve of associate - Deterra                    24               (5.4)          6.4
                  Translation differences on other foreign entities                                                        (3.5)          3.8
                  Balance at 31 December                                                                 18(d)              0.2           9.1


                  Total reserves                                                                                          26.5           11.2

                  Retained earnings
                  Balance at 1 January                                                                                 1,190.8          993.9
                  Net (loss)/profit for the year attributable to the equity holders of the parent                       (288.4)         231.3
                  Dividends paid                                                                                         (25.8)         (34.2)
                  Actuarial gains on retirement benefit obligation, net of tax                                            (1.0)          (0.2)
                  Balance at 31 December                                                                                 875.6        1,190.8


                  a)     Asset revaluation reserve
                  The asset revaluation reserve records revaluations of non-current assets prior to the adoption of AIFRS. Transfers are
                  made to retained earnings on disposal of previously revalued assets.

                  b)     Hedge reserve
                  Iluka uses foreign currency instruments as part of its foreign currency risk management strategy associated with its US
                  dollar denominated sales, as described in note 22. The foreign currency instruments are designated to cash flow hedge
                  relationships. To the extent these hedges are effective, the change in fair value of the hedging instrument is recognised in
                  the cash flow hedge reserve.




     130            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES
                        NOTES  TO
                              TO   THE
                                 THE    CONSOLIDATED
                                     CONSOLIDATED        FINANCIAL
                                                  FINANCIAL
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                    STATEMENTS
                                                            STATEMENTS

                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                        18. RESERVES AND RETAINED EARNINGS (CONTINUED)
                        c)   Share-based payments reserve
                        The employee share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the fair value of equity instruments granted but not yet
                        issued to employees under the Group's various equity-based incentive schemes. Shares issued to employees are acquired
                        on-market prior to the issue. Shares not yet issued to employees are shown as treasury shares. When shares are issued
                        to employees the cost of the on-market acquisition, net of tax, is transferred from treasury shares (refer note 17) to the
                        share-based payment reserve.

                        d)   Foreign currency translation reserve
                        Exchange differences arising on translation of the net investment in foreign operations are recognised in the foreign




For personal use only
                        currency translation reserve net of applicable income tax and reclassified to retained earnings when the net investment is
                        disposed of.

                        e)   Other reserves
                        The impact on equity of transactions related to changes in the structure of the Group are accumulated in other reserves.
                        There were no such transactions in the current reporting period.



                        19. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                                                                              $m                     $m
                        Final dividend
                        for 2024 of 4 cents per share, fully franked                                                          17.2                      -
                        for 2023 of 4 cents per share, fully franked                                                             -                   17.1

                        Interim dividend
                        for 2025 of 2 cents per share, fully franked                                                           8.6                      -
                        for 2024 of 4 cents per share, fully franked                                                             -                   17.1
                        Total Dividends                                                                                       25.8                   34.2



                        Of the total $8.6 million interim dividend declared for 2025 and the total $17.2 million final dividend declared for 2024,
                        shareholders respectively took up $0.3 million and $0.3 million as ordinary shares as part of the Dividend Reinvestment
                        Plan. Refer to note 17(a).
                        Since balance date the directors have determined a final dividend for 2025 of 3 cents per share, fully franked. The dividend
                        is payable on 30 March 2026 for shareholders on the register as at 6 March 2026. The aggregate amount of the proposed
                        dividend is $12.9 million, which has not been included in provisions at balance sheet date as it was not declared on or
                        before the end of the financial year.
                        Franking credits
                        The balance of franking credits available as at 31 December 2025 is $905.9 million (2024: $813.0 million). This balance is
                        based on a tax rate of 30% (2024: 30%).




                                                                                                                        Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   131
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  20. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE


                                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                                     Cents             Cents
                  Basic (loss)/earnings per share                                                                    (67.3)             54.1
                  Diluted (loss)/earnings per share                                                                  (67.3)             53.6

                  Total earnings per share (EPS) is the amount of post-tax earnings attributable to each share for continuing operations.




For personal use only
                  Total basic EPS is calculated on the loss for the period of $288.4 million (2024: profit of $231.3 million) divided by the
                  weighted average number of shares on issue during the year, excluding treasury shares, being 428,812,233 shares (2024:
                  427,260,625 shares).
                  Total diluted EPS takes into account the dilutive effect of all outstanding share rights vesting as ordinary shares. For the
                  year ended 31 December 2025 the weighted average number of issued shares and outstanding share rights was
                  433,968,835 (2024: 431,329,631).




     132            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        RISK
                        21. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
                        The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk and interest rate risk),
                        credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial
                        markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group. Financial risk
                        management is managed by a central treasury department under policies approved by the Board.

                        a)      Market risk
                        Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the




For personal use only
                        Group’s income or value of its holdings of financial instruments.

                        (i)     Foreign exchange risk
                        The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising predominantly from the US dollar, which
                        is the currency the Group’s sales are generally denominated in.
                        Foreign exchange risk is managed through entering into forward foreign exchange contracts and collar contracts detailed
                        in note 22.
                        The treasury function of the Group manages foreign currency risk centrally. The Group hedges foreign exchange exposures
                        for firm commitments relating to a portion of sales, where the hedging instrument must be in the same currency as the
                        hedged item.
                        The Group's exposure to USD foreign currency risk (by entities which have an Australian dollar functional currency) at the
                        end of the reporting period, expressed in Australian dollars, was as follows:


                                                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                                                                    $m                $m
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   9.7               5.4
                        Receivables                                                                                              263.2              259.0
                        Payables                                                                                                 (22.9)           (104.0)
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                             (23.9)                 -
                        Derivative financial instruments                                                                            1.5            (28.1)
                                                                                                                                 227.6              132.3

                        The Group’s balance sheet exposure to other foreign currency risk is not significant.
                        The objective of Iluka’s policy on foreign exchange hedging is to protect the Group from adverse currency fluctuations.
                        Derivative financial instruments amounts above reflect those recognised in the financial statements; gross foreign
                        exchange exposure and notional amounts are outlined in note 22.

                        (ii)    Group sensitivity
                        The average US dollar exchange rate during the year was 0.6454 (2024: 0.6602). The US dollar spot rate at 31 December
                        2025 was 0.6697 (31 December 2024: 0.6220). Based on the Group's net financial assets at 31 December 2025, the
                        following table demonstrates the estimated sensitivity to a -/+ 10% movement in the US dollar spot exchange rate, with all
                        other variables held constant, on the Group's post-tax profit for the year and equity:



                                                                              -10%                                        +10%
                                                                           Strengthen                                    Weaken
                                                           Profit (loss)                Equity           Profit (loss)                 Equity
                                                                $m                        $m                  $m                         $m
                               31 December 2025               (20.5)                    (13.2)               25.3                       14.1
                               31 December 2024                2.0                      (45.7)              (24.7)                      29.5




                                                                                                                           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   133
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                 21. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
                 a)     Market risk (continued)

                 (iii) Interest rate risk
                 Interest rate risk arises from the Group’s borrowings (to the extent that borrowing costs are not capitalised, as is the case
                 for the EFA facility – refer to note 16) and cash deposits. All borrowing costs related to the EFA facility subject to interest
                 rate risk were capitalised during the current and prior reporting periods, therefore a change in variable interest rates would
                 not have impacted pre-tax profit in either period.
                 Borrowing costs related to the MOFA facility are not capitalised and are recognised on profit or loss as incurred. As the
                 MOFA facility is subject to a variable interest rate, the Group is exposed to changes in market interest rates.




For personal use only
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025, an increase of 1% to market interest rates would have increased interest expenses
                 related to the MOFA facility by $2.5 million (2024: no impact).
                 Interest-bearing liability balances ranged between $267.3 million and $1,109.6 million during the year (2024: $145.9 million
                 and $248.8 million).

                 b)     Credit risk
                 Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents and hedging instruments held with financial institutions, as well as credit
                 exposure to customers.
                 The Group’s policy is to ensure that cash deposits are held by financial institutions with a minimum A-/A3 credit rating.
                 Exposure limits are approved by the Board based on credit ratings from external ratings agencies.
                 Derivative counterparties and cash transactions are limited to high credit quality financial institutions and policies limit the
                 amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution.
                 The Group manages customer credit risk subject to established policies, procedures and controls. Credit limits are
                 established for all customers. The Group trades primarily with recognised, creditworthy third parties. Customers who wish
                 to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures, including an assessment of their independent credit
                 rating (if available), financial position, past experience, and industry reputation.
                 Credit risk management practices include reviews of trade receivables aging by days past due, the timely follow-up of past
                 due amounts, and the use of letters of credit.
                 The expected credit loss on trade receivables is not material.

                 c)     Liquidity risk
                 Liquidity risk is the risk the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. Liquidity risk
                 management involves maintaining sufficient cash on hand or undrawn credit facilities to meet the operating requirements
                 of the business. This is managed through committed undrawn facilities under the MOFA facility of $261 million and EFA
                 facility of $1,040.3 million at balance date (refer note 16(b)), cash and cash equivalents of $45.7 million, and prudent cash
                 flow management.

                 d)     Maturities of financial liabilities
                 The tables below analyse the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities into maturity groupings based on the remaining period at
                 the reporting date to the contractual maturity date. For the MOFA facility, the contractual maturity dates and contractual
                 cash flows are until the next contractual re-pricing date in 2029. For the EFA facility, the contractual maturity dates and
                 contractual cash flows are until the facility expires in 2038. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
                 undiscounted cash flows based on expected repayment timeframes at the reporting date. Balances due within 12 months
                 equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant. All other non-derivative financial liabilities are
                 due within 12 months. Derivative cash flows include the net amounts expected to be received for foreign exchange collar
                 contracts.




     134            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        21. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)


                        d)   Maturities of financial liabilities (continued)
                                                                                                                                  Total     Carrying
                                                            Weighted      < 1 year      1 < 2 years 2 < 5 years    > 5 years
                                                                                                                               contractual amount in
                                                           average rate
                                                                                                                               cash flows liabilities
                                                                %           $m             $m           $m           $m            $m         $m
                        At 31 December 2025
                        Non-derivatives




For personal use only
                        Payables                                               268.6             -            -           -            268.6            268.6
                        Lease liabilities                      4.6              12.1            8.9          6.0        13.4            40.4             35.2
                        Interest-bearing variable rate -
                                                               7.8                 -             -       719.2             -           719.2            609.7
                          non-recourse debt
                        Interest-bearing variable rate -
                                                               5.2                 -             -       499.9             -           499.9            499.9
                          recourse debt
                        Total non-derivatives                                  280.7            8.9    1,225.1          13.4        1,528.1          1,413.4

                        Derivatives
                        Foreign exchange collar contracts                          -             -            -            -                -                -

                        At 31 December 2024
                        Non-derivatives
                        Payables                                               198.4             -          -             -            198.4            198.4
                        Lease liabilities                      4.6              11.7            9.5       10.2          16.1            47.5             40.7
                        Interest-bearing variable rate -
                          non-recourse debt                    7.5                 -             -       298.3             -           298.3            248.8
                        Interest-bearing variable rate -
                                                               5.9                               -            -         10.0             10.0             10.0
                          recourse debt
                        Total non-derivatives                                  210.1            9.5      308.5          26.1           554.2            497.9

                        Derivatives
                        Foreign exchange collar contracts                        13.7         14.4            -            -             28.1             28.1



                        Non-recourse and recourse debt comprises the EFA and MOFA facilities, respectively. Maturities are reflected above taking
                        into account the Group’s expectations on repayment timing. Repayment terms are outlined in note 16(b).
                        Refer to note 22 for detail on derivative instruments.




                                                                                                                               Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   135
                 NOTES
                 NOTES TOTO THE
                          THE    CONSOLIDATED
                              CONSOLIDATED        FINANCIAL
                                           FINANCIAL          STATEMENTS
                                                     STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                  22. HEDGING

                                                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                                                        $m                $m
                  Assets
                  Foreign exchange forward contracts - current                                                           1.5                 -
                  Foreign exchange forward contracts - non current                                                       0.1                 -
                  Total Assets                                                                                           1.6                 -

                  Liabilities




For personal use only
                  Foreign exchange collar hedges - current                                                                 -             13.7
                  Foreign exchange collar hedges - non current                                                             -             14.4
                  Total liabilities                                                                                        -             28.1

                  The Group is exposed to risk from movements in foreign exchange in relation to its forecast US dollar denominated sales
                  and as part of the risk management strategy has entered into foreign exchange collar contracts.

                  a)     Recognition
                  Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently re-
                  measured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value
                  depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument and, if so, the nature of the item being hedged
                  and the type of hedge relationship designated.

                  b)     Fair value of derivatives
                  The fair value of hedging instruments is determined using valuation techniques with inputs that are observable market
                  data (a level 2 measurement). The valuation of the options making up the collars is determined using forward foreign
                  exchange rates, volatilities and interest rates at the balance date. The only unobservable input used in the calculations is
                  the credit default rate, movements in which would not have a material effect on the valuation.




     136            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        22. HEDGING (CONTINUED)
                        c)      Hedge accounting
                        At the start of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship, including the
                        risk management strategy for undertaking the hedge. This includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged
                        item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the hedging instrument’s
                        effectiveness. Hedge accounting is only applied where effective tests are met on a prospective basis.
                        Iluka will discontinue hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship, or part of the hedging
                        relationship, no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. This includes where there has been a change to the risk
                        management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge and instances when the hedging instrument expires or is
                        sold, terminated or exercised. The replacement or rollover of a hedging instrument into another hedging instrument is not




For personal use only
                        treated as an expiration or termination if such a replacement or rollover is consistent with our documented risk
                        management objective.
                        The foreign exchange collars Iluka holds are classified as cash flow hedges. Hedges are classified as cash flow hedges
                        when they hedge a particular risk associated with the cash flows of recognised assets and liabilities and highly probable
                        forecast transactions.

                        Cash flow hedges
                        For cash flow hedges, the portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is effective is recognised directly in
                        equity, while the ineffective portion is recognised in profit or loss. The ineffective portion was immaterial in the current and
                        prior periods. The maturity profile of these hedges is shown in note 21(d). The recognition of the future gain or loss is
                        expected to be consistent with this timing.
                        Foreign exchange collar contracts in relation to expected USD revenue, predominantly from contracted sales to 31
                        December 2026, remain open at the reporting date. The foreign exchange collar hedges cover US$200.0 million of expected
                        USD revenue to 31 December 2026 and comprise US$200.0 million worth of purchased AUD call options with a weighted
                        average strike price of 68.5 cents and US$200.0 million of AUD put options with a weighted average strike price of 63.3
                        cents.
                        US$308.6 million in foreign exchange collar contracts matured during the current financial year, consisting of;
                         (i)      US$290.6 million of bought AUD call options with weighted average strike prices of 68.3 cents and US$290.6 million
                                  of sold AUD put options with weighted average strike prices of 63.0 cents
                         (ii)     US$18 million in forward contracts at a strike price of 63.0 cents
                        The Group entered into hedging contracts in March 2025, US$35.6 million in collars with a call strike of 66 cents and a Put
                        strike of 59.3 cents and US$18 million in forwards with a forward rate of 62.97cents.
                        Amounts recognised in equity are transferred to the income statement when the hedged sale occurs or when the hedging
                        instrument is exercised.
                        If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, amounts previously recognised in equity are transferred to the
                        income statement. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised without replacement or roll over,
                        or if its designation as a hedge is revoked, amounts previously recognised in equity remain in equity until the forecast
                        transaction occurs.




                                                                                                                           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   137
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                 GROUP STRUCTURE
                 23. CONTROLLED ENTITIES AND DEED OF CROSS GUARANTEE
                 a)     Subsidiaries
                 The consolidated financial statements incorporate the following subsidiaries


                                                                                                             Ownership interest held
                                                                              Note      Place of business/
                                                                                                                 by the group
                                                                                            country of
                                                                                                               2025         2024




For personal use only
                                                                                          incorporation
                                                                                                                %            %
                 Iluka Resources Limited (Parent Company)                      (i)              Australia              -            -
                 Ashton Coal Interests Pty Limited                                              Australia       96           96
                 Associated Minerals Consolidated Ltd                          (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Basin Minerals Holdings Pty Ltd                               (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Basin Minerals Limited                                        (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Basin Properties Pty Ltd                                      (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Glendell Coal Ltd                                             (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Gold Fields Asia Ltd                                          (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Ilmenite Proprietary Limited                                  (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka (Eucla Basin) Pty Ltd                                   (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka Consolidated Pty Limited                                (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka Corporation Limited                                     (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka Eneabba Pty Ltd                                                          Australia      100          100
                 Iluka Exploration Pty Limited                                 (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka Finance Limited                                         (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka International (China) Pty Ltd                           (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka International (ERO) Pty Ltd                             (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka International (Lanka) Pty Ltd                           (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka International (MRO) Pty Ltd                             (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka International (Netherlands) Pty Ltd                     (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka International Limited                                   (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka International Trading Pty Ltd                         (i),(ii)           Australia      100          100
                 Iluka Midwest Limited                                         (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka Rare Earths Pty Ltd                                                      Australia      100          100
                 Iluka RE Investments Pty Ltd                                                   Australia      100          100
                 Iluka Royalties (Australia) Pty Ltd                           (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka Share Plan Holdings Pty Ltd                             (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka WA Investments Pty Ltd                                  (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Lion Properties Pty Limited                                   (i)              Australia      100          100
                 NGG Holdings Ltd                                              (i)              Australia      100          100
                 PURE Exploration Pty Ltd                                      (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Renison Limited                                               (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Southwest Properties Pty Ltd                                  (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Swansands Pty Ltd                                             (i)              Australia      100          100
                 The Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company Limited            (i)              Australia      100          100
                 The Nardell Colliery Pty Ltd                                  (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Western Mineral Sands Proprietary Limited                     (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Western Titanium Limited                                      (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Westlime (WA) Limited                                         (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Yoganup Pty Ltd                                               (i)              Australia      100          100
                 Iluka Exploration (Canada) Limited                                             Canada         100          100




     138            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        23. CONTROLLED ENTITIES AND DEED OF CROSS GUARANTEE (CONTINUED)
                        a)     Subsidiaries (continued)


                                                                                                                       Ownership interest held
                                                                                       Note      Place of business/
                                                                                                                           by the group
                                                                                                     country of
                                                                                                                         2025         2024
                                                                                                   incorporation
                                                                                                                          %            %
                        Iluka Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd                                              China             100          100
                        Iluka International (Eurasia) Pte. Ltd                                       Singapore           100          100




For personal use only
                        Neurika Innovations SLU                                                        Spain             100          100
                        Iluka Lanka P.Q. (Private) Limited                                           Sri Lanka           100          100
                        Iluka Lanka Resources (Private) Limited                                      Sri Lanka           100          100
                        Iluka International Coöperatief U.A.                                      The Netherlands        100          100
                        Iluka Investments 1 B.V.                                                  The Netherlands        100          100
                        Iluka (UK) Ltd                                                            United Kingdom         100          100
                        Iluka Technology (UK) Ltd                                                 United Kingdom         100          100
                        Associated Minerals Consolidated Investments                                    USA              100          100
                        Iluka (USA) Investments Inc.                                                    USA              100          100
                        Iluka Atlantic LLC                                                              USA              100          100
                        Iluka Resources (TN) LLC                                                        USA              100          100
                        Iluka Resources Inc.                                                            USA              100          100
                        IR RE Holdings LLC                                                              USA              100          100
                        PURE Exploration (USA) LLC                                                      USA              100          100




                        (i)    Deed of cross guarantee
                               These companies are parties to a Deed of Cross Guarantee (the Deed) under which each company guarantees the
                               debts of the others. By entering into the Deed, the wholly-owned entities represent a closed group and have been
                               relieved from the requirements to prepare a Financial Report and Directors’ Report under ASIC Corporations (Wholly-
                               owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785. The closed group is also the extended closed group.

                        (ii)   Formerly Iluka International (Brazil) Pty Ltd




                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   139
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  23. CONTROLLED ENTITIES AND DEED OF CROSS GUARANTEE (CONTINUED)
                  b)     Condensed financial statements of the extended closed group


                  Condensed statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income        2025      2024
                                                                                               $m         $m
                  Revenue from ordinary activities                                         1,006.2   1,170.3
                  Other income                                                              (12.3)      33.5
                  Expenses from ordinary activities                                      (1,136.4)    (814.6)
                  Impairment of assets                                                     (350.6)          -




For personal use only
                  Finance costs                                                             (44.5)     (40.2)
                  Equity accounted share of profit - Deterra                                  29.6      21.9
                  Income tax benefit/(expense)                                               136.6     (95.8)
                  (Loss)/profit for the period                                             (371.4)     275.1

                  Other comprehensive income
                  Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                 -     (21.5)
                  Share of other comprehensive income - Deterra                             (5.4)       6.4
                  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the period                        (376.8)     260.0

                  Summary of movements in consolidated retained earnings
                  Retained earnings at the beginning of the year                          1,270.9    1,044.5
                  Net (loss)/profit after tax for the year                                (371.4)      275.1
                  Reserves                                                                   (5.4)     (15.1)
                  Dividends provided for or paid                                           (24.7)      (33.6)
                  Retained earnings at the end of the year                                  869.4    1,270.9

                  Condensed balance sheet
                  Current assets
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                  17.6       88.8
                  Receivables                                                               166.2      280.2
                  Prepayments                                                                 9.6       14.9
                  Inventories                                                               720.6      839.4
                  Current tax receivable                                                     27.9           -
                  Derivative financial instruments                                            1.5           -
                  Assets held for sale                                                        4.5           -
                  Total current assets                                                      947.9    1,223.3
                  Non-current assets
                  Property, plant and equipment                                           1,038.3    1,225.1
                  Deferred tax assets                                                       252.1      103.6
                  Inventories                                                               360.8      205.0
                  Other financial assets - investments in non-closed group entities         363.8      269.5
                  Investments accounted for using the equity method                         444.5      443.6
                  Derivative financial instruments                                            0.1           -
                  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       3.8       10.5
                  Right-of-use assets                                                        12.3       35.1
                  Total non-current assets                                                2,475.7    2,292.4

                  Total assets                                                            3,423.6    3,515.7




     140            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        23. CONTROLLED ENTITIES AND DEED OF CROSS GUARANTEE (CONTINUED)
                        b)   Condensed financial statements of the extended closed group (continued)


                                                                                                                 2025               2024
                        Condensed balance sheet                                                                   $m                 $m
                        Current liabilities
                        Payables                                                                                134.7              180.1
                        Derivative financial instruments                                                            -               13.7
                        Current tax payable                                                                         -               43.3




For personal use only
                        Provisions                                                                               47.8               53.6
                        Lease liabilities                                                                        12.0               12.6
                        Total current liabilities                                                               194.5              303.3

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Provisions                                                                             672.2               725.5
                        Interest-bearing liabilities                                                           498.5                10.0
                        Lease liabilities                                                                       21.8                27.3
                        Derivative financial instruments - non current                                             -                14.4
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                        1,192.5               777.2

                        Total liabilities                                                                    1,387.0            1,080.5

                        Net assets                                                                           2,036.6            2,435.2

                        Equity
                        Contributed equity                                                                   1,166.8            1,158.5
                        Reserves                                                                                 0.4                5.8
                        Retained earnings                                                                      869.4            1,270.9
                        Total equity                                                                         2,036.6            2,435.2




                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   141
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  24. EQUITY ACCOUNTED ASSOCIATE – DETERRA ROYALTIES LIMITED
                     (DETERRA)
                  Deterra was formed on 2 November 2020 when it was demerged from the Group. Deterra is the largest resource-focused
                  royalty company listed on the ASX. Since demerger, the Group has held a 20% equity ownership interest in Deterra. The
                  Group accounts for its investment in Deterra as an equity accounted associate.

                  a)    Investment carrying amount
                  Movements in the carrying value of the Group’s investment in Deterra are as follows:
                                                                                                                           2025           2024
                                                                                                                             $'m            $'m




For personal use only
                  Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                    443.6          446.3
                  Gross equity accounted profit                                                                             35.8           28.1
                  Depreciation                                                                                             (6.2)          (6.4)
                  Equity accounted other comprehensive income                                                              (5.4)            6.4
                  Dividends received                                                                                      (23.3)         (30.8)
                  Balance at the end of the year                                                                          444.5          443.6

                  The Group recognises its share of the profits of Deterra, being 20% of its net profit after tax, as income in each reporting
                  period. The Group adjusts its share of the profit of Deterra by depreciating the value attributed to the Mining Area C (MAC)
                  Royalty right (materially all of its initial value) over a period of 50 years on a straight-line basis, which aligns with the
                  estimated life of mine of the mining operations in the MAC Royalty area. At the reporting date, the expected remaining life
                  of mine was 46 years.
                  The Group initially recognised its investment at its cost to the Group, which was equal to the carrying value of the net
                  assets of Deterra immediately prior to demerger in 2020. The retained interest was immediately remeasured to its fair
                  value on the demerger date. This fair value was allocated to the assets acquired on a notional basis, with the value uplift
                  attributed to MAC Royalty rights held by Deterra.

                  b)    Summarised financial information of Deterra (as at 31 December)
                  The following is a summary of the financial information presented in the financial statements of Deterra, amended to
                  include adjustments made by the Group in applying the equity method:




     142            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        24. EQUITY ACCOUNTED ASSOCIATE – DETERRA ROYALTIES LIMITED
                        (DETERRA) (CONTINUED)
                        b)   Summarised financial information of Deterra (continued)
                                                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                                                              $'m                 $'m
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              7.2                5.5
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                           76.0               63.9
                        Income tax receivable                                                                                  5.6                3.2




For personal use only
                        Prepayments                                                                                            1.6                1.8
                        Total current assets                                                                                  90.4               74.4

                        Non-current assets
                        Royalty and other intangible assets                                                                  276.8              323.8
                        Offtake financial assets                                                                                 -               96.7
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                          0.1                0.1
                        Prepayments                                                                                            1.2                0.5
                        Other assets                                                                                           1.0
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                                    0.3                0.4
                        Total non-current assets                                                                             279.4              421.5

                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                                6.3                5.2
                        Provisions                                                                                              0.4                0.2
                        Lease liability                                                                                         0.1                0.1
                        Total current liabilities                                                                               6.8                5.5

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Lease liability                                                                                        0.2                0.3
                        Borrowings                                                                                           156.0              314.0
                        Contingent consideration                                                                                 -                1.7
                        Deferred tax                                                                                          68.0               72.8
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                        224.2              388.8

                        Net assets                                                                                           138.8              101.6


                        Deterra's movement in net assets reconcile as follows:                                               2025               2024
                                                                                                                              $'m                 $'m
                        Opening net assets                                                                                  101.6                82.3
                        Profit for the period                                                                               178.9               140.5
                        Other comprehensive income and reserve movements for the period                                    (27.2)                33.1
                        Dividends                                                                                         (114.5)             (154.3)
                        Closing net assets                                                                                  138.8               101.6

                        The Group' share of Deterra's net assets is reconciled to its carrying value as follows:               20%                20%

                        Group's share of net assets                                                                           27.8               20.3
                        Iluka's gain on demerger, net of accumulated depreciation                                            416.7              423.3
                        Carrying value of investment in Deterra                                                              444.5              443.6



                        Deterra is a listed ASX royalty company. The market value of Iluka's interest at 31 December 2025 was $430.7 million
                        (2024: $393.4 million).


                                                                                                                   Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   143
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  OTHER NOTES
                  25. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
                  a)     Bank guarantees
                  The Group has a number of bank guarantees in favour of various government authorities and service providers to meet its
                  obligations under exploration and mining tenements. At 31 December 2025, the total value of performance commitments
                  and guarantees was $157.9 million (2024: $156.3 million).

                  b)     Native title




For personal use only
                  There is some risk that native title, as established by the High Court of Australia's decision in the Mabo case, exists over
                  some of the land over which the Group holds tenements or over land required for access purposes. It is impossible at this
                  stage to quantify the impact, if any, which these developments may have on the operations of the Group.

                  c)     Other claims
                  In the course of its normal business, the Group occasionally receives claims arising from its operating or historic activities.
                  In the opinion of the directors, all such matters are covered by insurance or, if not covered, are without merit or are of such
                  a kind or involve such amounts that would not have a material adverse effect on the operating results or financial position
                  of the Group if settled unfavourably.



                  26. COMMITMENTS
                  a)     Exploration and mining lease commitments


                  Commitments in relation to leases contracted for at reporting date but not                                 2025           2024
                  recognised as liabilities payable:                                                                          $m             $m
                  Within one year                                                                                            17.3           13.5
                  Later than one year but not later than five years                                                          51.1           83.2
                  Later than five years                                                                                      23.1           70.1
                                                                                                                             91.5          166.8

                  These costs are discretionary. If the expenditure commitments are not met then the associated exploration and mining
                  leases may be relinquished.

                  b)     Capital commitments
                  Capital expenditure contracted for and payable, but not recognised as liabilities is $314.8 million (2024: $494.6 million).
                  All of the commitments relate to the purchase of property, plant and equipment of which $257.1 million is payable within
                  one year and $57.7 million is payable between one and 5 years of the reporting date.




     144            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        27. REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS
                        During the current reporting period, the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by KPMG Australia Pty
                        Limited, as the auditor of the parent entity, Iluka Resources Limited, by KPMG’s related network firms, and by non-related
                        audit firms.

                        a)   Auditors of the Group – KPMG and related network firms


                                                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                                                                 $'000              $'000
                        Audit and review of financial reports




For personal use only
                        Group                                                                                                     568                525
                        Controlled entities                                                                                        77                 50
                                                                                                                                  645                575
                        Other assurance services
                        Assurance over sustainability report                                                                        60                  -
                        Other assurance services                                                                                    19                 28
                                                                                                                                    79                 28
                        Other services
                        Tax compliance and advisory services                                                                         -                23
                        Other advisory services                                                                                     40                77
                                                                                                                                    40               100

                        Total services provided by the external auditor of the Group                                              764                703


                        b)   Other auditors and their related network firms


                        Audit and review of financial statements                                                                    26                 36
                                                                                                                                    26                 36




                                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   145
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  28. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
                  Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via the Equity Incentive Plan (specifically, the Executive
                  Incentive Plan, Long Term Incentive Plan and Short Term Incentive Plan).
                  The fair value of shares granted is determined based on market prices at grant date, taking into account the terms and
                  conditions upon which those shares were granted. The fair value is recognised as an expense through profit or loss on a
                  straight-line basis over the vesting period for each respective plan.
                  The fair value of share rights is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation that takes into account the exercise price, the
                  term of the share right, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying
                  share, the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate of the term of the share right. The fair value of the Long
                  Term Incentive Plan (LTIP - TSR tranche) and Executive Incentive Plan also take into account the Company's predicted




For personal use only
                  share prices against the comparator group performance at vesting date.
                  A credit to the share-based payments expense arises where unvested entitlements lapse on resignation or the non-
                  fulfilment of the vesting conditions that do not relate to market performance. Payroll tax payable on the grant of restricted
                  shares or share rights is recognised as a component of the share-based payments expense when paid.
                  The share-based payment expense recognised in profit or loss of $14.7 million (2024: $15.3 million) results from several
                  schemes summarised below:


                                                                                                 Shares /     Expense     Shares /     Expense
                         Schemes                Grant date         Vesting date    Fair value
                                                                                                 rights at     2025       rights at     2024
                                                                                       $        31 Dec 2025     $m      31 Dec 2024       $m
                  STIP (i)
                     2025                         Mar-26           Mar-27/28         5.79            -          1.3           -            -
                     2024                         Mar-25           Mar-26/27         4.50            -          1.2           -           1.8
                     2023                         Mar-24           Mar-25/26         6.60            -          0.6           -           1.5
                     2022                         Mar-23           Mar-24/25         9.53            -          0.1           -           0.7

                  EIP (ii)                 Mar-22/23/24/25       Mar-26/27/28/29      5.4         4,359,837     5.3       3,079,350       5.6

                  Restricted Share Plan (iii)                                                                   5.0                       5.6
                                                                                                                13.5                     15.3


                  (i)    Short Term Incentive Plan (STIP)
                  The fair value of the STIP is determined as the volume weighted average price of ordinary shares over the five trading days
                  following the release of the Company’s annual results.

                  (ii)   Executive Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)
                  Equity awarded under the Executive Incentive Plan is vested on 1 March each year. The number of restricted shares and
                  performance rights to be awarded is determined based on a volume weighted average market price of Iluka shares for the
                  five trading days following the release of the Company’s full year results.
                  The fair value at grant date for the Executive Incentive Plan (EIP) with market vesting conditions takes into account the
                  exercise price of $nil (2024: $nil), the share price at grant date of $4.13 (2024: $7.15 for KMP other than Tom O’Leary and
                  $7.99 for Tom O’Leary), the expected share price volatility (based on historical volatility) of 40% (2024: 35%), the expected
                  dividend yield of 3.14% (2024: 2.5%), the risk free rate of return of 3.40% (2024: 3.87% for KMP other than Tom O’Leary and
                  3.91% for Tom O’Leary), and vesting dates for a period of three years commencing one year after the grant date. The fair
                  value of the TSR tranche also takes into account the Company’s predicted share prices against the comparator group
                  performance at vesting date. The fair value at grant date for the Executive Incentive Plan (EIP) with non-market vesting
                  conditions is calculated as the volume weighted average market price of Iluka shares for the five days following the end
                  of performance year.

                  (iii) Restricted share plan
                  No restricted shares were issued to eligible employees (2024: no restricted shares issued to eligible employees) who
                  participated in the plan.



     146            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        29. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
                        a)   Superannuation plans
                        All employees of the United States (US) operations are entitled to benefits from the US operations' pension plans on
                        retirement, disability or death. The US operations have one defined benefit plan and one defined contribution plan.
                        The defined contribution plan receives an employee's elected contribution and an employer's match-up to a fixed
                        percentage. Iluka’s legal or constructive obligation is limited to these contributions.
                        The defined benefit plan provides a monthly benefit based on average salary and years of service. The Group is in the
                        process of settling the defined benefit superannuation plan. Immediately prior to settlement, Iluka will remeasure plan
                        assets to their fair values and plan liabilities to their updated carrying values (using applicable actuarial techniques) and




For personal use only
                        any surplus or deficit that arises will be recognised as an employee cost in profit or loss.
                        During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group completed settlement of the defined benefit superannuation plan. All
                        remaining obligations were settled in full through a lump-sum payment to participants and the purchase of annuities with
                        an external provider in accordance with regulatory requirements. Following settlement, the Group has no ongoing
                        obligations in respect of defined benefit superannuation arrangements in the US. The only remaining balance at 31
                        December 2025 relates to residual administrative activity prior to final transfer to the annuity provider.

                        b)   Financial position
                        At the reporting date, the deficit between the fair value of plan assets and the carrying value of liabilities is $nil (2024:
                        deficit of $8.3 million), determined with reference to information supplied from the plans' actuarial advisors, and is included
                        in non-current provisions in note 8.
                        The table below provides a summary of the net financial position at 31 December for the past five years:


                                                                                    2025           2024           2023            2022               2021
                                                                                      $m             $m             $m              $m                 $m
                        Defined benefit plan obligation                             (0.2)         (31.2)         (29.8)          (33.8)             (57.5)
                        Plan assets                                                  0.2           22.9           22.1            26.2               30.9
                        Deficit                                                         -          (8.3)          (7.7)           (7.6)             (26.6)


                        c)   Defined benefits superannuation expense
                        In 2025, $0.6 million (2024: $0.6 million) was recognised in expenses for the year in respect of the defined benefit plans.
                        Other disclosures in respect of retirement benefit obligations required by AASB 119 are not included in the financial report
                        as the directors do not consider them to be material to an understanding of the financial position and performance of the
                        Group.




                                                                                                                           Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   147
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  30. RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT AFTER INCOME TAX TO NET CASH INFLOW
                     FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                                                                              Notes      2025     2024
                                                                                           $m      $m
                  (Loss)/Profit for the year                                          (288.4)    231.3
                  Depreciation and amortisation                                9        221.5    185.8
                  Amortisation of right-of-use assets                          10        11.0      6.9
                  Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs                                 0.6        -
                  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment            6           0.5     0.2
                  Capitalised interest                                                   29.0         -




For personal use only
                  Net exchange differences and other                                         -    (5.8)
                  Rehabilitation and mine closure provision discount unwind    8         32.7     32.7
                  Rehabilitation discount rate change                                    (8.0)        -
                  Non-cash share-based payments expense                        28        13.6     15.3
                  Equity accounted share of profit                             24      (35.8)    (28.1)
                  Inventory NRV write-down                                     14       215.6         -
                  Net impairment                                               7        350.6         -
                  Changes in rehabilitation provisions for closed sites        8       (25.9)     (5.2)
                  Borrowing costs on leases                                    10          1.9     0.8

                  Change in operating assets and liabilities
                  (Increase)/decrease in receivables                                   (24.3)     (22.8)
                  (Increase) in inventories                                           (263.7)    (239.7)
                  (Decrease)/increase in net current tax liability                     (79.3)     (20.1)
                  (Increase) in net deferred tax                                      (143.4)     (32.1)
                  Increase/(decrease) in payables                                        14.8     (40.4)
                  (Decrease) in provisions                                             (80.5)      44.5
                  Net cash (outflow)/inflow from operating activities                  (57.5)     123.3




     148            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        31. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
                        a)    Key Management Personnel
                        Key Management Personnel of the Group comprise directors of Iluka Resources Limited as well as other specific
                        employees of the Group who met the following criteria: "personnel who have authority and responsibility for planning,
                        directing and controlling the activities of the Group, either directly or indirectly."

                        (i)   Key Management Personnel compensation
                        The below provides a summary of the remuneration received by Key Management Personnel:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                                                                            $000               $000
                        Short-term benefits                                                                                                5,388              5,553
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                             210                115
                        Share-based payments                                                                                               3,908              3,979
                        Total                                                                                                              9,506              9,647


                        b)    Transactions with Key Management Personnel
                        There were no transactions between the Group and Key Management Personnel that were outside of the nature described below:
                              (i)    Occurrence was within a normal employee, customer or supplier relationship on terms and conditions no more favourable
                                     than those it is reasonable to expect the Group would have adopted if dealing at arm’s length with an unrelated individual;
                              (ii)   information about these transactions does not have the potential to adversely affect the decisions about the allocation of
                                     scarce resources made by users of the financial report, or the discharge of accountability by the Key Management
                                     Personnel; and
                              (iii) the transactions are trivial or domestic in nature.




                                                                                                                                  Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   149
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                  32. PARENT ENTITY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                  a)     Summary financial information for Iluka Resources Limited
                                                                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                                                                              $m             $m
                  Balance sheet
                  Current assets                                                                                            604.6          493.2
                  Non-current assets                                                                                      1,653.7        1,910.6
                  Total assets                                                                                            2,258.3        2,403.8

                  Current liabilities                                                                                       215.6          305.6




For personal use only
                  Non-current liabilities                                                                                 1,684.0        1,064.4
                  Total liabilities                                                                                       1,899.6        1,370.0

                  Net assets                                                                                                358.7        1,033.8
                  Shareholders' equity
                  Contributed equity                                                                                      1,166.9        1,159.8
                  Other reserves                                                                                             37.1            2.7
                  Profit reserve¹                                                                                           534.7          534.7
                  Accumulated loss                                                                                       (1,380.0)        (663.4)
                  Total Equity                                                                                              358.7        1,033.8

                  (Loss)/profit for the year                                                                               (345.6)          86.5

                  Other comprehensive income
                  Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax                                                  20.8          (21.5)
                  Share of profit of associate's other comprehensive income                                                  (5.4)           6.4
                  Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                                        (330.2)          71.4

                  ¹Profits have been appropriated to a profits reserve for future dividend payments.


                  b)     Contingent liabilities of the parent entity
                  The parent had contingent liabilities for performance commitments and guarantees of $4.7 million as at 31 December
                  2025 (2024: $4.4 million).

                  c)     Contractual commitments for the acquisition of property, plant or equipment
                  As at 31 December 2025, the parent entity had contractual commitments for the acquisition of property, plant or equipment
                  totalling $1.8 million (2024: $7.6 million).

                  d)     Parent entity financial information
                  The financial information for the parent entity has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated financial
                  statements, except as set out below.

                  (i)    Investments in subsidiaries
                  Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost.

                  (ii)   Tax consolidation legislation
                  Iluka Resources Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation
                  legislation as of 1 January 2004. On adoption of the tax consolidation legislation, the entities in the tax consolidation group
                  entered into a tax sharing agreement which limits the joint and several liability of the wholly-owned entities in the case of
                  a default by the head entity, Iluka Resources Limited.




     150            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 31 December 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                        33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                        The only related party transactions are with Key Management Personnel (refer note 31). Details of material controlled
                        entities are set out in note 23, and details of the Group's equity accounted associate are set out in note 24. The ultimate
                        Australian controlling entity and the ultimate parent entity is Iluka Resources Limited.

                        34. NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS
                        New standards and amendments adopted
                        There are no new or amended accounting standards that required the Group to change its accounting policies in the current
                        reporting period.




For personal use only
                        Forthcoming standards and amendments not yet adopted - AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial
                        Statements
                        AASB 18 was issued in June 2024 and replaces AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements. The new standard
                        introduces new requirements for the Statement of Profit or Loss, including:
                            (i)    new categories for the classification of income and expenses into operating, investing and financing categories,
                                   and
                            (ii)   presentation of subtotals for “operating profit” and “profit before financing and income taxes”.
                        Additional disclosure requirements are introduced for management-defined performance measures and new principles for
                        aggregation and disaggregation of information in the notes and the primary financial statements and the presentation of
                        interest and dividends in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or
                        after 1 January 2027 and will first apply to the Group for the financial year ending 31 December 2027.
                        This new standard is not expected to have an impact on the recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, income
                        and expenses, however there will likely be changes in how the Statement of Profit or Loss and Statement of Financial
                        Position line items are presented as well as some additional disclosures in the notes to the financial statements. The
                        Group is in the process of assessing the impact of the new standard.




                                                                                                                        Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   151
                 CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
                 As at 31 December 2025
                  CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
                  AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025


                  BASIS OF PREPARATION
                  The consolidated entity disclosure statement has been prepared in accordance with subsection 295(A) of the Corporations
                  Act 2001. The entities listed in the statement are Iluka Resources Limited and all its controlled entities in accordance with
                  AASB 10 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                                                                   Trustee,
                                                                                                    Place of                             Place of foreign
                                                                                  partner or                      % of issued Australian
                  Name of entity                                 Type of entity                 incorporation or                          residence (if
                                                                                  participant                                3
                                                                                                                 capital held resident 4
                                                                                                   formation2                              applicable)5
                                                                                    in JV1
                  Ashton Coal Interests Pty Limited              Body corporate       No           Australia        96%          Yes           N/A




For personal use only
                  Associated Minerals Consolidated
                                                                     Trust            No             N/A            N/A          No            USA
                  Investments
                  Associated Minerals Consolidated Ltd           Body corporate       No           Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Basin Minerals Holdings Pty Ltd                Body corporate       No           Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Basin Minerals Limited                         Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Basin Properties Pty Ltd                       Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Glendell Coal Ltd                              Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Gold Fields Asia Ltd                           Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Ilmenite Proprietary Limited                   Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka (Eucla Basin) Pty Ltd                    Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka (UK) Ltd                                 Body corporate      No         United Kingdom      100%         No      United Kingdom
                  Iluka (USA) Investments Inc.                   Body corporate      No               USA           100%         No            USA
                  Iluka Atlantic LLC                             Body corporate      No               USA           100%         No            USA
                  Iluka Consolidated Pty Limited                 Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka Corporation Limited                      Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka Eneabba Pty Ltd                          Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka Exploration (Canada) Limited ⁶           Body corporate      No             Canada          100%         Yes         Canada
                  Iluka Exploration Pty Limited                  Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka Finance Limited                          Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka International (China) Pty Ltd            Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka International (ERO) Pty Ltd              Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka International (Eurasia) Pte. Ltd         Body corporate      No            Singapore        100%         No         Singapore
                  Iluka International (Lanka) Pty Ltd            Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka International (MRO) Pty Ltd              Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka International (Netherlands) Pty Ltd      Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka International Trading Pty Ltd            Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka International Coöperatief U.A.           Body corporate      No         The Netherlands     100%         No      The Netherlands
                  Iluka International Limited                    Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka Investments 1 B.V.                       Body corporate      No         The Netherlands     100%         No      The Netherlands
                  Iluka Lanka P.Q. (Private) Limited             Body corporate      No            Sri Lanka        100%         No         Sri Lanka
                  Iluka Lanka Resources (Private) Limited        Body corporate      No            Sri Lanka        100%         No         Sri Lanka
                  Iluka Midwest Limited                          Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka Rare Earths Pty Ltd                      Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka RE Investments Pty Ltd                   Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka Resources (TN) LLC                       Body corporate      No               USA           100%         No            USA
                  Iluka Resources Inc.                           Body corporate      No               USA           100%         No            USA
                  Iluka Resources Limited                        Body corporate      No            Australia         N/A         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka Royalties (Australia) Pty Ltd            Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka Share Plan Holdings Pty Ltd              Body corporate      Yes           Australia        100%         Yes           N/A
                  Iluka Technology (UK) Ltd                      Body corporate      No         United Kingdom      100%         No      United Kingdom
                  Iluka Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd              Body corporate      No              China          100%         No           China
                  Iluka WA Investments Pty Ltd                   Body corporate      No            Australia        100%         Yes           N/A




     152            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
                        CONSOLIDATED
                        As at 31 December 2025 ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
                        AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                                                         Trustee,
                                                                                                          Place of                             Place of foreign
                                                                                        partner or                      % of issued Australian
                        Name of entity                                Type of entity                  incorporation or                          residence (if
                                                                                        participant                    capital held3 resident4
                                                                                                         formation2                              applicable)5
                                                                                          in JV1
                        IR RE Holdings LLC                           Body corporate         No              USA              100%           No                 USA
                        Lion Properties Pty Limited                  Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A
                        Neurika Innovations SLU                      Body corporate         No             Spain             100%           No                Spain
                        NGG Holdings Ltd                             Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A
                        PURE Exploration Pty Ltd                     Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A
                        PURE Exploration (USA) LLC                   Body corporate         No              USA              100%           No                 USA
                        Renison Limited                              Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A




For personal use only
                        Southwest Properties Pty Ltd                 Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A
                        Swansands Pty Ltd                            Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A
                        The Iluka Resources Limited Executive &
                                                                           Trust            No               N/A              N/A           Yes                N/A
                        Employee Share Acquisition Plan
                        The Mount Lyell Mining and Railway
                                                                     Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A
                        Company Limited
                        The Nardell Colliery Pty Ltd                 Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A
                        Western Mineral Sands Proprietary
                                                                     Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A
                        Limited
                        Western Titanium Limited                     Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A
                        Westlime (WA) Limited                        Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A
                        Yoganup Pty Ltd                              Body corporate         No            Australia          100%           Yes                N/A



                        1 This item disclosures whether, as at 31 December 2025, the relevant entity was a trustee of a trust within the consolidated entity, a

                        partner in a partnership within the consolidated entity, or a participant in a joint venture within the consolidated entity.
                        2This item discloses the place at which the entity was incorporated or formed. It is only required for those entities that are body
                        corporates, and accordingly, no disclosure have been made for entities that are disclosed as a trust or partnership.
                        3If the entity is disclosed as a body corporate, this item states the percentage of the entity’s issued share capital that was held, directly
                        or indirectly, by Iluka Resources Limited as at 31 December 2025. This disclosure is not required for entities that are not body corporates.
                        4For each entity, this item discloses whether an entity was an Australian resident in accordance with subsection 295(3B) of the
                        Corporations Act 2001, as at 31 December 2025. An entity will be considered an Australian tax resident if the entity is:
                            •     an Australian resident (within the meaning of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997) at that time; or
                            •     a partnership at least one member of which is an Australian resident (within the meaning of the Income Tax Assessment Act
                                  1997) at that time; or
                            •     a resident trust estate (within the meaning of Division 6 of Part III of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936) in relation to the
                                  year of income (within the meaning of that Act) that corresponds to the financial year.
                        5 This item discloses the jurisdiction(s) outside of Australia in which the entity was a resident for the purposes of the income tax law of

                        the relevant jurisdiction(s).
                        6Iluka Exploration (Canada) Ltd may be considered as a tax resident of both Canada and Australia. A formal determination of tax residency
                        is currently being undertaken by the Group.




                                                                                                                                      Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   153
                 DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
                 DIRECTORS' DECLARATION




                 In the directors' opinion:


                        1)    In the opinion of the directors of Iluka Resources Limited (the ‘Company’):
                                    a.    The consolidated financial statements and the notes to the financial statements are in accordance with
                                          the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                                  i.   giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2025 and of its
                                                       performance for the financial year ended on that date; and
                                                 ii. complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001;
                                    b.    the Consolidated entity disclosure statement as at 31 December 2025 set out on pages 152 to 153 is




For personal use only
                                          true and correct; and
                                    c.    there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they
                                          become due and payable.
                        2)    There are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the extended closed group identified in note 23 will
                              be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject to by virtue of the deed of
                              cross guarantee described in that note.
                        3)    The directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 by the Chief
                              Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 31 December 2025.
                        4)    The directors draw attention to note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, which includes a statement of
                              compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.



                 This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




                 J Mactier
                 Chair




                 T O’Leary
                 Managing Director


                 Perth, 18 February 2026




     154            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                 Iluka Resources Limited                                              154                                         31 December 2025
                           Independent Auditor’s Report
                           To the shareholders of Iluka Resources Limited

                           Report on the audit of the Financial Report



                           Opinion




For personal use only
                           We have audited the Financial Report of            The Financial Report comprises:
                           Iluka Resources Limited (the Company).
                                                                              •   Consolidated statement of financial position as at
                           In our opinion, the accompanying                       31 December 2025
                           Financial Report of the Company gives a
                                                                              •   Consolidated statement of profit or loss,
                           true and fair view, including of the
                                                                                  Consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
                           Group’s financial position as at
                                                                                  Consolidated statement of changes in equity, and
                           31 December 2025 and of its financial
                                                                                  Consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
                           performance for the year then ended, in
                                                                                  then ended
                           accordance with the Corporations Act
                           2001, in compliance with Australian                •   Consolidated entity disclosure statement and
                           Accounting Standards and the                           accompanying basis of preparation as at
                           Corporations Regulations 2001.                         31 December 2025
                                                                              •   Notes, including material accounting policies
                                                                              •   Directors’ Declaration.
                                                                              The Group consists of the Company and the entities it
                                                                              controlled at the year end or from time to time during the
                                                                              financial year.


                           Basis for opinion

                           We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit
                           evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                           Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
                           the audit of the Financial Report section of our report.
                           We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                           Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                           Accountants (including Independence Standards) issued by the Accounting Professional & Ethical
                           Standards Board Limited (the Code) that are relevant to audits of the financial report of public interest
                           entities in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
                           requirements.




                        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated
                        with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo
                        are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a
                        scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Key Audit Matters

                        The Key Audit Matters we identified         Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our
                        are:                                        professional judgement, were of most significance in our
                                                                    audit of the Financial Report of the current period.
                        •   Net realisable value of work in
                            progress and finished goods             These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
                            inventory                               of the Financial Report as a whole, and in forming our
                                                                    opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
                        •   Rehabilitation and mine closure
                                                                    opinion on these matters.
                            provision


                        Net realisable value of work in progress and finished goods inventory ($946.7m)




For personal use only
                        Refer to Note 14 to the financial report

                        The key audit matter                                How the matter was addressed in our audit

                        Net realisable value of work in progress and        Our procedures included:
                        finished goods inventory is a key audit matter
                                                                            •   Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s key
                        due to the:                                             processes for determining net realisable value
                        •   size of the work in progress and finished           of work in progress and finished goods
                            goods inventory balance relative to the             inventory;
                            Group’s financial position (22% of total        •   Assessing the methodology applied by the
                            assets);                                            Group in determining the net realisable value
                        •   current year inventory write-down recorded          of work in progress and finished goods
                            of $215.6 million, increasing our focus in          inventory against the requirements of the
                            this area;                                          accounting standards.

                        •   sales for the Group’s products are currently    •   Assessing the key assumptions in the Group’s
                            challenging given sustained weakness in             model used to determine the net realisable
                            the mineral sands market; and                       value by:

                        •   extent of judgement involved by the Group           –   Assessing forecast sales prices of
                            in determining the net realisable value. Such           inventory against recent sales prices,
                            judgements may have a significant impact                contracted sales prices and published
                            on the Group’s write-down and therefore                 external analysts’ data for prices expected
                            the overall carrying value of inventories,              to prevail in the future.
                            necessitating additional audit effort.
                                                                                –   Comparing future processing costs to
                        The most significant areas of judgement we                  previous actual costs.
                        focused on were in assessing the Group’s:
                                                                                –   Evaluating the assumed timing of sales
                        •   forecast sales prices of inventory;
                                                                                    based on the Group’s latest approved
                        •   estimated cost of completion for work in                budget and historical sales volumes.
                            progress; and
                                                                            •   Recalculating the inventory write-down
                        •   the assumed timing of forecast sales.               recorded to assess the accuracy of the
                                                                                underlying calculations;
                        We involved our senior audit team members in
                        assessing this key audit matter.                    •   Attending stocktakes in significant locations,
                                                                                observing the Group’s inventory survey
                                                                                processes, and comparing the inventory
                                                                                survey results to the Group’s records; and
                                                                             •   Assessing the disclosures in the Group’s
                                                                                 financial report using our understanding
                                                                                 obtained from our testing against the
                                                                                 requirements of accounting standards.


                        Rehabilitation and mine closure provision ($720.8m)

                        Refer to Note 8 to the Financial Report

                        The key audit matter                                 How the matter was addressed in our audit

                        The Group has a significant rehabilitation           Our procedures included:
                        provision as a consequence of its operational
                                                                             •   Assessing the basis for recognition and




For personal use only
                        activities.
                                                                                 measurement of the rehabilitation provision for
                        The rehabilitation provision is a key audit matter       consistency with environmental and regulatory
                        due to the additional audit effort required by us        requirements and criteria in the accounting
                        for the following reasons:                               standards;
                        •   The Group’s estimation of future                 •   Evaluating the methodology applied by the
                            environmental restoration and rehabilitation         Group’s internal and third-party experts in
                            costs is inherently complex; and                     determining the nature and extent of
                                                                                 rehabilitation activities by comparison to
                        •   The Group applies significant judgement,
                                                                                 industry practice;
                            and we exert considerable effort in
                            gathering persuasive audit evidence on the       •   Critically evaluating the Group’s rehabilitation
                            expected costs, especially for those costs           provision estimation by:
                            to be incurred several years in the future.
                                                                                 –    Involving our closure specialists, we
                        The Group’s estimation of the rehabilitation                  tested key assumptions incorporated into
                        provision is influenced by:                                   the financial modelling of closure cost
                        •   The complexity in current environmental                   activities against environmental laws and
                            and regulatory requirements, and the                      regulations and industry guidelines;
                            impact to completeness of the rehabilitation
                                                                                 –    Comparing the planned timing of
                            provision;
                                                                                      rehabilitation activities to the Group’s
                        •   The expected environmental remediation                    strategy and plans for commencement
                            strategy of the Group and the nature of the               and completion of rehabilitation activities;
                            costs incorporated into the rehabilitation
                            provision; and                                       –    Assessing the competence, scope and
                                                                                      objectivity of the Group’s internal and
                        •   The expected timing of expenditure which
                                                                                      third party experts used in the
                            is planned to occur several years into the
                                                                                      determination of the rehabilitation
                            future, and the associated inflation and
                            discounting of costs in the present value                 provision estimate; and
                            calculation of the rehabilitation provision.         –    Analysing, with the involvement of our
                        The Group uses third party and internal experts               valuation specialists, the inflation rate and
                        when assessing their obligations for restoration              discount rate assumptions in the Group’s
                        and rehabilitation activities and associated                  rehabilitation provision determination.
                        estimates of future costs.
                                                                             •   Evaluating the completeness of the
                        We involve our closure specialists to                    rehabilitation provision against the Group’s
                        supplement our senior audit team members in              analysis of where disturbance requires
                        assessing this key audit matter.                         rehabilitation and comparing to our
                                                                                 understanding of the Group’s operations; and
                                                                            •   Assessing the disclosures in the financial
                                                                                report using our understanding obtained from
                                                                                our testing and against the requirements of the
                                                                                accounting standards. This included evaluating
                                                                                the current and non-current rehabilitation
                                                                                provision disclosure for consistency to the
                                                                                Group’s planned timing of the rehabilitation
                                                                                expenditure.


                        Other Information

                        Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Iluka Resources Limited’s annual report
                        which is provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor's Report. The Directors are




For personal use only
                        responsible for the Other Information.
                        Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not
                        express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the
                        Remuneration Report and specified sustainability disclosures within the Sustainability Report and our
                        respective assurance conclusions.
                        In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other
                        Information. In doing so, we consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with
                        the Financial Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
                        misstated.
                        We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other
                        Information, and based on the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained
                        prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report we have nothing to report.


                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                        The Directors are responsible for:
                            •   preparing the Financial Report in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including giving
                                a true and fair view of the financial position and performance of the Group, and in compliance
                                with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001
                            •   implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report in
                                accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a true and fair view of the
                                financial position and performance of the Group, and that is free from material misstatement,
                                whether due to fraud or error
                            •   assessing the Group and Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and whether the
                                use of the going concern basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as
                                applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
                                unless they either intend to liquidate the Group and Company or to cease operations, or have
                                no realistic alternative but to do so.
                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objective is:
                            •   to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from
                                material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                            •   to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
                        exists.
                        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the
                        aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
                        the basis of the Financial Report.




For personal use only
                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the
                        Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                        https://www.auasb.gov.au/media/bwvjcgre/ar1_2024.pdf. This description forms part of our Auditor’s
                        Report.


                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        Opinion                                      Directors’ responsibilities
                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report      The Directors of the Company are responsible for the
                        of Iluka Resources Limited for the year      preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report
                        ended 31 December 2025, complies             in accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations Act
                        with Section 300A of the Corporations        2001.
                        Act 2001.
                                                                     Our responsibilities
                                                                     We have audited the Remuneration Report included in
                                                                     pages 41 to 65 of the Directors’ report for the year ended
                                                                     31 December 2025.
                                                                     Our responsibility is to express an opinion as to whether
                                                                     the Remuneration Report complies in all material
                                                                     respects with Section 300A of the Corporations Act
                                                                     2001, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                                                                     Australian Auditing Standards.




                        KPMG                                         Jane Bailey
                                                                     Partner
                                                                     Perth
                                                                     18 February 2026
For personal use only




                 PHYSICAL,                                       IN THIS SECTION


                 FINANCIAL AND
                                                                 Five year summary                      161
                                                                 Operating mines data                   164

                 CORPORATE                                       Ore reserves and mineral resources     165


                 INFORMATION
                                                                 Shareholder and investor information   170
                                                                 Corporate information                  172
                                                                 Information about this report          173




     160            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        FIVE YEAR SUMMARY




                        Production volumes (kt)                           2025      2024      2023                  2022                 2021

                        Production volumes (kt)
                          - Zircon                                        270.3     227.2      327.0                302.7                324.2
                          - Rutile                                         78.9       57.8      52.7                 139.1               196.6
                          - Synthetic rutile                              209.9      211.2    259.5                  237.6                198.7

                        Total Z/R/SR                                     559.1     496.2      639.2                679.4                719.5

                          - Ilmenite                                      335.3     398.1     460.6                 590.9                563.7




For personal use only
                          - Monazite concentrate                               -         -         -                      -                57.7
                        Sales volumes (kt)
                          - Zircon                                        267.9     229.9     234.7                 333.6                354.7
                          - Rutile                                         70.8      45.2      48.3                 140.2                 207.2
                          - Synthetic rutile                              136.2     200.1      211.0                246.1                305.9

                        Total Z/R/SR                                     474.9     475.2      494.0                719.9                867.8

                          - Ilmenite                                        51.2    121.3     148.8                 218.2                 189.6
                          - Monazite concentrate                               -         -         -                      -                62.4
                        Weighted average annual prices (US$/t)
                          - Zircon (premium and standard)                1,643.0   1,882.0   2,066.0              1,943.0               1,414.0
                          - Zircon (all products)                        1,422.0   1,721.0   1,849.0              1,850.0              1,330.0
                        Rutile (excluding HYTI and TIC)                  1,216.0   1,694.0   1,887.0              1,550.0              1,264.0
                        Synthetic rutile                                 1,112.0   1,205.0   1,258.0       Not disclosed        Not disclosed

                        Average AUD:USD spot exchange rate (cents)         64.5      66.0      66.5                  69.5                 75.2




                        Unit revenue and cash cost ($/t)                  2025      2024      2023                  2022                 2021

                        Revenue per tonne Z/R/SR sold (A$/t)              1,913      2,196     2,314                 2,215                1,593
                        Unit cash costs of production per tonne Z/R/SR
                                                                          1,054     1,298       947                    938                  777
                        produced excluding by-products
                        Unit cost of goods sold per tonne of Z/R/SR       1,274      1,190     1,040                 1,031                  916




                                                                                                       Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   161
                   Summary financials ($m)                                2025       2024       2023       2022       2021

                   Z/R/SR revenue                                         908.3     1,043.4    1,143.2    1,416.3    1,381.9
                   Ilmenite and other revenue                              67.3        85.1       95.1      107.5     103.9
                   Revenue from operations                                975.6     1,128.5    1,238.3    1,523.8    1,485.8
                   Cash costs of production                               (589.1)    (644.0)    (605.2)    (508.3)    (579.2)
                   Inventory movement - cash costs of production          153.4      179.9      173.6        29.1      (67.0)
                   Restructure and idle capacity charges                   (32.2)     (35.3)     (20.1)     (12.5)     (33.4)
                   Government royalties                                   (33.5)      (35.1)     (47.1)     (47.2)     (38.0)
                   Marketing and selling costs                             (29.5)     (32.5)     (27.4)     (29.0)     (34.4)
                   Asset sales and other income                             0.8         0.9      23.9         0.9        2.0
                   Corporate and other costs                              (34.2)      (49.0)     (79.7)     (61.4)     (64.3)
                   Major projects, exploration and innovation              (37.0)     (40.0)     (61.2)     (49.1)     (45.2)




For personal use only
                   Mineral sands EBITDA                                   299.7      477.3      581.8      549.4      633.9
                   Underlying Group EBITDA¹                               329.3      498.8      609.1      879.0      652.3
                   Rehabilitation and holding costs for closed sites       25.9         5.2        4.3      (11.1)     60.8
                   Depreciation and amortisation                         (232.5)     (192.2)    (167.8)    (144.6)    (171.2)
                   Inventory movement - non-cash production costs          46.0       48.2        51.7        9.9      (12.6)
                   Net interest and finance charges                        (14.3)       6.5       12.3        3.1       (5.7)
                   Income tax (expense) benefit                           138.8       (94.0)    (128.9)    (212.8)    (139.1)
                   Net profit/(loss) after tax for the period (NPAT)     (288.4)     231.3      342.6      588.5      365.7
                   Operating cash flow                                     60.8      252.1      346.7      681.7       527.7
                   Capital expenditure (capex) - Mineral Sands            (419.1)    (271.8)    (160.7)    (141.8)     (53.6)
                   Free cash (outflow) inflow² ($m)                       (887.8)    (288.1)    (159.6)    430.6      299.6
                   Net (debt) cash                                      (1,056.6)    (114.6)    225.4      488.6      294.8




                   Capital and Dividends                                  2025       2024       2023       2022       2021

                   Ordinary shares on issue (millions)                    429.6      427.9      426.0      424.5      422.0
                   Dividends per share in respect of the year (cents)         3          4          4         20         24
                   Franking level %                                         100        100        100        100        100
                   Opening year share price ($)³                           5.03       6.64       9.65        9.76      6.58
                   Closing year share price ($)³                           5.79       5.04       6.60       9.53        9.73




     162            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                         Financial ratios                                                                     2025                   2024                    2023                   2022                   2021

                         Underlying Group EBITDA/revenue margin %                                              33.8                    44.2                   49.2                    57.4                   43.9
                         Mineral sands EBITDA/revenue margin %                                                  30.7                   42.3                    47.0                   55.4                   42.7
                         Basic earnings (loss) per share (cents)                                               (67.3)                  54.1                   80.5                  138.6                    86.7
                         Free cash flow per share (cents)                                                     (207.0)                  (67.5)                 (37.5)                100.0                     71.0
                         Return on shareholders' equity %         4
                                                                                                               (12.0)                  10.2                    17.1                   32.8                   25.9
                         Return on capital %5                                                                  (16.2)                  21.7                    41.8                   88.8                    69.1
                         Gearing (net debt/net debt + equity) %
                                                                                                               33.9                      4.6                    n/a                    n/a                     n/a
                         (including non-recourse debt facility)

                         Financial position as at 31 December ($m)
                             Total assets                                                                   4,163.5                 3.741.4               3,330.8                 3,001.8                2,636.2
                             Total liabilities                                                             (2,100.0)               (1,381.0)               (1,172.3)              (1,107.0)              (1,041.6)




For personal use only
                             Net assets                                                                     2,063.5                2,360.4                 2,158.5                1,894.8                1,594.6
                             Shareholders' equity                                                           2,063.5                2,360.4                 2,158.5                1,894.8                1,594.6
                             Net tangible asset backing per share ($)                                          3.22                    4.24                   3.84                    3.27                   2.60




                         Employees (at 31 December 2025)                                                      2025                   2024                    2023                   2022                   2021

                         Full-time equivalent employees                                                         909                     971                   1035                     950                  3,252




                         Iluka Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources                                             2025                   2024                    2023                   2022                   2021

                         Mineral Resources In Situ HM million tonnes                                            192                     194                     171                    176                    185
                         Ore Reserves In Situ HM million tonnes                                                   15                     18                      18                       9                     11
                         HM Grade (%) Ore Reserves                                                                 6                       6                      6                       6                      6
                         Assemblage (%)6
                             Zircon                                                                               16                     16                      17                     17                      17
                             Rutile                                                                                5                       5                      5                       3                      3
                             Ilmenite                                                                             38                     40                      41                     53                      55
                             Monazite + xenotime                                                                   3                       3                      3                       2                      2

                        Notes:
                        (1) Underlying Group EBITDA excludes non-recurring adjustments including write-downs, Sierra Rutile Limited transaction costs, the gain on the demerger of Deterra Royalties, and changes to
                            rehabilitation provisions for closed sites.
                        (2) Free cash flow is determined as cash flow before any debt refinance costs, proceeds/repayment of borrowings and dividends paid in the year.
                        (3) Share prices prior to November 2020 have been adjusted by a factor of 0.51 for the capital reduction from the Deterra Royalties demerger.
                        (4) Calculated as NPAT for the year as a percentage of the average monthly shareholders’ equity over the year.
                        (5) Calculated as EBIT for the year as a percentage of average monthly capital employed for the year.
                        (6) Mineral assemblage is reported as a percentage of the in situ heavy mineral content of the Ore Reserve.




                                                                                                                                                                      Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025       163
                 OPERATING
                 MINES DATA




                                                                                                                                                           Mineral Sands
                   Summary physicals data                                                                                                         2025               2024

                   Mining

                   Overburden moved kbcm                                                                                                         13,043              17,495
                   Ore mined kt                                                                                                                  22,154              19,128
                   Ore fed/treated kt                                                                                                            19,056             19,004
                   Ore treated grade HM %                                                                                                          4.7%                5.1%
                   VHM treated grade %                                                                                                             4.1%               4.4%




For personal use only
                   Finished product1 kt

                   Zircon                                                                                                                         270.3               227.2
                   Rutile                                                                                                                           78.9               57.8
                   Ilmenite (saleable/upgradeable)                                                                                                335.3               398.1
                   Synthetic rutile produced                                                                                                      209.9               211.2

                 Notes:
                 (1) Finished product includes material from heavy mineral concentrate (HMC) initially processed in prior periods			




                 EXPLANATORY COMMENTS ON TERMINOLOGY
                 Overburden moved (bank cubic metres) refers to material moved to enable mining of an ore body. 		

                 Ore mined (thousands of tonnes) refers to material moved containing heavy mineral ore. 			

                 Ore treated grade HM % refers to percentage of heavy mineral (HM) in the ore processed through the mining unit. 			

                 VHM treated grade % refers to percentage of valuable heavy mineral (VHM) - titanium dioxide (rutile and ilmenite), and zircon in the ore processed
                 through the mining unit. 								

                 Finished product is provided as an indication of the finished production (zircon, rutile, ilmenite – both saleable and upgradeable) attributable to the
                 VHM in HMC production streams from the various mining operations. Finished product levels are subject to recovery factors which can vary. The
                 difference between the VHM produced and finished product reflects the recovery level by operation, as well as processing of finished material/
                 concentrate in inventory. Ultimate finished product production (rutile, ilmenite, and zircon) is subject to recovery loss at the processing stage – this may
                 be in the order of 10%. 									

                 Ilmenite is produced for sale or as a feedstock for synthetic rutile production. Typically, 1 tonne of upgradeable ilmenite will produce between 0.56 to
                 0.60 tonnes of synthetic rutile. Iluka also purchases external ilmenite for its synthetic rutile production process.				
                 		




     164            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        ORE RESERVES AND
                        MINERAL RESOURCES




                        HM ORE RESERVES

                        ILUKA HM ORE RESERVE BREAKDOWN BY COUNTRY, REGION AND JORC CATEGORY AT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025


                         Summary of Ore Reserves for Iluka(1,2,3,6)

                                                                                                                                                         HM Assemblage(4)
                                                                                                       In Situ                                                                                    Change
                                                                  Ore                     Ore              HM              HM         Ilmenite            Zircon       Rutile       (M+X)(7)           HM
                                                                  Reserve            Tonnes           Tonnes             Grade          Grade             Grade        Grade         Grade        Tonnes




For personal use only
                         Country         Region                   Category           Millions         Millions             (%)            (%)                (%)         (%)           (%)        Millions

                         Australia        Eucla Basin             Proved                      23             0.5              2.3               26            45              5           0.3
                                                                  Probable                      -               -                -                   -         -              -              -
                         Total            Eucla Basin                                        23              0.5             2.3               26             45             5            0.3          (0.3)

                                          Murray Basin            Proved                        -               -                -                   -         -              -              -
                                                                  Probable                  183              9.9              5.4               29            17              6            2.6

                         Total            Murray Basin                                     183               9.9             5.4               29             17             6            2.6               -

                                          Perth Basin             Proved                     40              2.8              7.0               56            12              3            4.8
                                                                  Probable                    19             2.0             10.6               62            13              1           3.2

                         Total            Perth Basin      (5)
                                                                                             59             4.8              8.2               59             12             2            4.1          (1.9)

                         Total            Proved                                             63             3.3              5.3               51             17             4            4.1

                         Total            Probable                                         203             11.9              5.9               35             16             5            2.7

                                          Grand Total                                      265             15.2              5.7               38             16             5            3.0          (2.2)




                        Notes:
                        (1) Competent Person – Ore Reserves: A Walkenhorst (MAusIMM).
                        (2) Ore Reserves are a sub-set of Mineral Resources.
                        (3) Rounding may generate differences in last decimal place.
                        (4) Mineral assemblage is reported as a percentage of in situ HM content.
                        (5) Rutile component in Perth Basin South West operations is sold as a leucoxene product.
                        (6) The quoted figures are stated as at 31 December 2025 and have been depleted for all production conducted to this date.
                        (7) M+X comprise rare earth element-bearing minerals monazite + xenotime.




                        Ore Reserves are estimated using all available geological and relevant drill hole and assay data, including mineralogical sampling and test work
                        on mineral recoveries and final product qualities. Ore Reserve estimates are determined by the consideration of all of the ‘Modifying Factors’ in
                        accordance with the JORC Code 2012 guidelines and, for example, may include, but are not limited to, product prices, mining costs, metallurgical
                        recoveries, environmental consideration, access and approvals. These factors may vary significantly between deposits.

                        For the year ending 2025, HM Ore Reserves decreased by 2.2Mt HM from 17.5Mt HM to 15.2Mt HM associated with mining depletion and adjustments.

                        The main factors contributing to the movement in Iluka’s HM Ore Reserves during 2025 include:
                        • The Eucla Basin Ore Reserves decreased by 0.32Mt HM associated with mining depletion, pit optimisation and re-design at Ambrosia
                        • The Perth Basin Ore Reserves decreased by 1.9Mt. This is a result of mine depletion and pit optimisation at Cataby (-0.6Mt HM) as well as a
                          decision to remove the Ore Reserve classification on a number of pits that are no longer economic at Cataby (-1.4Mt HM). Additional tailings
                          stockpiled at the MSP By-Product Stockpile deposit resulted in a small increase (+0.06Mt HM).




                                                                                                                                                                   Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   165
                 HM ORE RESERVES MINED AND ADJUSTED

                 ILUKA HM ORE RESERVES MINED AND ADJUSTED BY COUNTRY AND REGION AT 31 DECEMBER 2025


                   Summary of Ore Reserve Depletion(1)

                                                                                                                In Situ      In Situ                            In Situ
                                                                                           In Situ   In Situ        HM           HM       In Situ   In Situ         HM
                                                                                               HM       HM     Tonnes      Tonnes(2)          HM       HM     Tonnes(3)
                                                                                          Tonnes     Grade     Millions     Millions     Tonnes     Grade      Millions
                                                                                          Millions      (%)     Mined      Adjusted      Millions      (%)          Net
                   Country        Region                       Category                      2024      2024       2025         2025         2025      2025     Change

                   Australia       Eucla Basin                   Active Mines                  0.8       2.6       (0.3)        (0.0)         0.5       2.4        (0.3)
                                                                 Non-Active Sites              0.0       1.5          -             -         0.0       1.5           -
                   Total           Eucla Basin                                                 0.8      2.5       (0.3)        (0.0)         0.5       2.3        (0.3)

                                   Murray Basin                  Active Mines                    -         -          -             -           -         -           -




For personal use only
                                                                 Non-Active Sites              9.9       5.4          -             -         9.9       5.4           -

                   Total           Murray Basin                                                9.9      5.4           -            -         9.9       5.4            -

                                   Perth Basin                   Active Mines                  4.4       5.6       (0.6)         (1.4)        2.4       5.6        (2.0)
                                                                 Non-Active Sites              2.3      15.3          -          0.1          2.4      15.7         0.1

                   Total           Perth Basin                                                 6.7      7.2       (0.6)         (1.3)        4.8       8.2         (1.9)

                   Total           Active Mines                                                5.2      4.7       (0.9)         (1.4)        2.9       4.5        (2.3)

                   Total           Non-Active Sites                                           12.2      6.1           -          0.1        12.3       6.1         0.1

                   Total           Ore Reserves                                               17.5      5.6       (0.9)         (1.3)       15.2       5.7        (2.2)




                 Notes:
                 (1) Rounding may generate differences in last decimal place.
                 (2) Adjusted figure includes write-downs and modifications in mine design.
                 (3) Net change includes depletion by mining and adjustments.




     166            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        HM MINERAL RESOURCES

                        ILUKA MINERAL RESOURCE BREAKDOWN BY COUNTRY, REGION AND JORC CATEGORY
                        AT 31 DECEMBER 2025


                         Summary of Mineral Resources for Iluka(1,2,3)

                                                                                                                                             HM Assemblage(4)

                                                                                                   In Situ                                                                              Change
                                                               Mineral            Material             HM           In Situ HM    Ilmenite      Zircon      Rutile       (M+X)(6)            HM
                                                               Resource            Tonnes          Tonne                 Grade      Grade       Grade       Grade         Grade         Tonnes
                         Country Region                        Category           Millions        Millions                  (%)       (%)          (%)        (%)           (%)         Millions

                         Australia      Eucla Basin            Measured                   153               4               2.5        36           38             3            0.2
                                                               Indicated                   89               9               9.9        69           17             2            0.4
                                                               Inferred                    42               2               5.5        63           17             2            0.3
                         Total          Eucla Basin                                     284               15               5.3         59          23              2           0.3           (0.4)




For personal use only
                                        Murray Basin           Measured                   252              15               6.1        39           16             7            2.2
                                                               Indicated                 630               42               6.7        45           16            10            2.3
                                                               Inferred                1,390               69               5.0        34           15             6            2.2

                         Total          Murray Basin                                 2,272              127                5.6         38          15              8           2.2            0.5

                                        Perth Basin            Measured                  439               26               5.9        58           10             5            1.1
                                                               Indicated                  276              15               5.5        52           10             5            1.0
                                                               Inferred                   184               9               4.9        54            9             5            0.7

                         Total          Perth Basin      (5)
                                                                                        899               50               5.5         56          10              5           1.0           (2.1)

                         Total          Measured                                        844               45               5.3         49          15              6           1.4

                         Total          Indicated                                       994               66               6.6         50          15              8           1.7

                         Total          Inferred                                      1,617               81               5.0         37          14              6           2.0

                                        Grand Total                                  3,455              192                5.5         44          14              7           1.8          (2.0)




                        Notes:
                        (1) Competent Person – Mineral Resources: S Maycock (MAIG).
                        (2) Mineral Resources are inclusive of Ore Reserves.
                        (3) Rounding may generate differences in last decimal place.
                        (4) Mineral assemblage is reported as a percentage of the in situ HM component.
                        (5) Rutile component in Perth Basin South West operations is sold as a leucoxene product.
                        (6) M+X comprise the rare earth element-bearing minerals monazite + xenotime.




                        Mineral Resources are estimated using all available and relevant geological, drill hole and assay data, including mineralogical sampling and test work
                        on mineral and final product qualities. Mineral Resource estimates are determined by consideration of geology, HM cut-off grades, mineralisation
                        thickness vs. overburden ratios, and the potential mining and extraction methodology, and are prepared in accordance with the guidelines of the 2012
                        JORC Code. These factors may vary significantly between deposits.
                        For the year ending 31 December 2025, Mineral Resources decreased by 2.0Mt HM from 194Mt HM to 192Mt HM due to mining depletion and
                        adjustments (exploration discovery, development and write-down).
                        The change in Mineral Resources for 2025 was driven by:
                        • Eucla Basin Mineral Resources decreased by 0.4Mt HM as a result of mining depletion and adjustment at Ambrosia
                        • Murray Basin Mineral Resources increased by 0.5Mt HM as a result of re-modelling at WIM100 (+3.9Mt HM) and write-down at Bondi East Far North
                          (-1.1Mt HM), Bondi Main Far North (-0.62Mt), Bondi West (-0.17Mt HM), Manly (-0.51Mt), Anomaly B (-0.35Mt HM), Archer(-0.31Mt HM) and Nunga
                          West (-0.34Mt)
                        • Perth Basin Mineral Resources decreased by 2.1Mt HM as a result of re-estimation, mining depletion and write-down at Cataby and Cataby ROM
                          (-1.5Mt HM), additional tailings stockpiled at Eneabba (+0.06Mt HM), and write-down at Uplands (-0.66Mt HM)




                                                                                                                                                         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   167
                 HM ORE RESERVES MINED AND ADJUSTED

                 ILUKA MINERAL RESOURCES MINED AND ADJUSTED BY COUNTRY AND REGION AT 31 DECEMBER 2025


                   Summary of Ore Reserve Depletion(1)

                                                                                                                      In Situ      In Situ                           In Situ
                                                                                          In Situ          In Situ        HM           HM      In Situ   In Situ         HM
                                                                                              HM              HM     Tonnes      Tonnes(2)         HM       HM     Tonnes(3)
                                                                                         Tonnes            Grade     Millions     Millions    Tonnes     Grade      Millions
                                                                                         Millions             (%)     Mined      Adjusted     Millions      (%)          Net
                   Country        Region                       Category                     2024             2024       2025         2025        2025      2025     Change

                   Australia       Eucla Basin                  Active Mines                       2           1.8       (0.3)        (0.1)         2        1.7        (0.4)
                                                                Non-Active Sites                  13           7.2          -             -        13        7.2           -
                   Total           Eucla Basin                                                   15           5.1       (0.3)        (0.1)         15       5.3        (0.4)

                                   Murray Basin                 Active Mines                        -            -          -             -          -         -           -




For personal use only
                                                                Non-Active Sites                126            5.7          -          0.5        127        5.6         0.5

                   Total           Murray Basin                                                126            5.7           -         0.5         127       5.6         0.5

                                   Perth Basin                  Active Mines                      11           4.1       (0.6)        (0.9)         9        4.0        (1.5)
                                                                Non-Active Sites                  41           6.1          -         (0.6)        40        6.1        (0.6)

                   Total           Perth Basin                                                   52           5.5       (0.6)         (1.5)        50       5.5         (2.1)

                   Total           Active Mines                                                  13           3.4       (0.9)         (1.0)        11       3.3         (1.9)

                   Total           Non-Active Sites                                            181            5.9           -         (0.1)       181       5.8         (0.1)

                   Total           Ore Reserves                                                194            5.6       (0.9)         (1.1)       192       5.5        (2.0)




                 Notes:
                 (1) Rounding may generate differences in last decimal place.
                 (2) Adjusted figure includes write-downs and updates to the Mineral Resource estimates.
                 (3) Net difference includes depletion by mining and adjustments.




     168            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        ANNUAL STATEMENT OF MINERAL RESOURCES AND ORE RESERVES

                        The Annual Statement of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves as at 31 December 2025 and presented in this report has been prepared in accordance
                        with the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves 2012 Edition (the JORC Code 2012) and ASX
                        Listing Rules and as disclosed in various public announcements released through the ASX.

                        COMPETENT PERSONS                                   MINERAL RESOURCES AND                             The Iluka Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
                        STATEMENT                                           ORE RESERVES CORPORATE                            position is reviewed annually by a suitably
                                                                            GOVERNANCE                                        qualified independent Competent Person prior
                        The information in this report that relates to
                        Mineral Resources is based on information           Iluka has an established governance process       to publication and the governance process is
                        compiled by Mr Shayne Maycock, who                  supporting the preparation and publication of     also audited by an independent body (KPMG).
                        is a Member of the Australian Institute of          Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves which
                                                                            includes a series of structures and processes     Iluka has continued the development of
                        Geoscientists (MAIG). The information in
                                                                            independent of the operational reporting          internal systems and controls to comply
                        this report that relates to Ore Reserves
                                                                            through business units and product groups.        with JORC (2012) guidelines in all external
                        is based on information compiled by Mr
                                                                            This information is detailed in Iluka’s Mineral   reporting, including the preparation of all
                        Andrew Walkenhorst, who is a Member of the
                                                                            Resource and Ore Reserve Governance               reported data by or under the supervision
                        Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy
                                                                            Standard.                                         of suitably qualified Competent Persons as
                        (MAusIMM). Mr Maycock and Mr Walkenhorst
                                                                                                                              members of the Australasian Institute of Mining
                        are full-time employees of Iluka Resources
                                                                                                                              and Metallurgy (AusIMM), the Australian




For personal use only
                        Limited.                                            The Audit and Risk Committee has in its remit
                                                                            the governance of Mineral Resources and           Institute of Geoscientists (AIG) or Recognised
                        Mr Maycock and Mr Walkenhorst each have             Ore Reserves. This includes an annual review      Overseas Professional Organisations (ROPOs).
                        sufficient experience that is relevant to the       of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves at          The governance process has been supported
                        styles of mineralisation and types of deposits      a group level, as well as review of findings      by a number of process improvements and
                        under consideration and to the activity which       and progress from the Group Resources and         training initiatives over recent years, including
                        is being undertaken to qualify as a Competent       Reserves internal audit program within the        a web-based group reporting and sign-off
                        Person as defined in the JORC Code 2012. Mr         regular meeting schedule.                         database, annual internal Competent Person
                        Maycock and Mr Walkenhorst consent to the                                                             reviews, and Competent Person development
                        inclusion in this report of the matters based       Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves are            and training.
                        on this information in the form and context in      estimated by Iluka personnel or suitably
                        which it appears.                                   qualified independent personnel using
                                                                            industry-standard techniques and supported
                        The information in this report that relates to      by internal guidelines for the estimation and
                        specific Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves         reporting of Mineral Resources and Ore
                        is based on and accurately reflects reports         Reserves.
                        compiled by or under the review of Competent
                        Persons as defined in the JORC Code                 All Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
                        2012. Each of these persons is a full-time          estimates and supporting documentation are
                        employee of Iluka Resources Limited or its          reviewed by Competent Persons employed
                        relevant subsidiaries, holds equity securities      by Iluka. If there is a material change in the
                        in Iluka Resources Limited and is entitled to       estimate of a Mineral Resource, the Modifying
                        participate in Iluka’s executive equity incentive   Factors for the preparation of Ore Reserves,
                        plan, details of which are included in Iluka’s      or reporting an inaugural Mineral Resource or
                        2025 Remuneration Report.                           Ore Reserve and if it is considered prudent
                                                                            to have an external review, then the estimate
                        All of the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve         and supporting documentation in question is
                        figures reported represent estimates as at          reviewed by a suitably qualified independent
                        31 December 2025. All tonnes and grade              Competent Person.
                        information has been rounded, hence small
                        differences may be present in the totals. All of
                        the Mineral Resource information is inclusive of
                        Ore Reserves (i.e. Mineral Resources are not
                        additional to Ore Reserves).




                                                                                                                                      Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   169
                 SHAREHOLDER AND
                 INVESTOR INFORMATION                                                            As at 31 January 2026




                 AUSTRALIAN SECURITIES EXCHANGE LISTING
                 Iluka’s shares are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) Limited. The company is listed as Iluka Resources Limited with an ASX code
                 of ILU.


                 SHARES ON ISSUE
                 The company had 429,703,905 shares on issue as at 31 January 2026. A total of 838,982 ordinary shares are restricted pursuant to the Directors,
                 Executives and employees share acquisition plan, equity incentive plan, and employee share plan.


                 SHAREHOLDINGS
                 There were 31,688 shareholders. Voting rights, on a show of hands, are one vote for every registered holder and on a poll are one vote for each share
                 held by registered holders.




For personal use only
                 DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

                                                  Range                   Total holders                                  Units                           % Units
                                                 1 - 1,000                        18,930                            6,931,484                                 1.61
                                            1,001 - 5,000                          9,548                           23,129,856                                 5.38
                                          5,001 - 10,000                            1,842                          13,623,341                                  3.17
                                       10,001 - 100,000                             1,298                          29,222,255                                 6.80
                                    100,001 - 1,000,000                                54                          14,488,170                                 3.37
                                         1,000,001 Over                                16                        342,308,799                                 79.66
                                              Rounding                                                                                                        0.01
                                                    Total                        31,688                         429,703,905                                100.00


                 UNMARKETABLE PARCELS
                                                                   Minimum Parcel Size                                Holders                                Units
                   Minimum $ 500.00 parcel at $ 5.3600 per unit                             94                            3,453                             170,258


                 TOP 20 SHAREHOLDERS (NOMINEE COMPANY HOLDINGS)

                   Rank      Name                                                                                                             Units           % Units
                        1    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                   137,217,989                31.93
                        2    CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                               83,919,005               19.53
                        3    J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                   63,338,779                 14.74
                        4    BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                     15,361,298                  3.57
                        5    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                            10,399,423                  2.42
                        6    UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                          6,383,238                  1.49
                        7    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                     4,920,905                  1.15
                        8    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                                        3,689,867                  0.86
                        9    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                                             3,445,571                  0.80
                        10   BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                       3,377,290                  0.79
                        11   BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT>                                                        2,500,160                  0.58
                        12   BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <CLEARSTREAM>                                                                    2,156,290                  0.50
                        13   SOLIUM NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) PTY LTD <VSA A/C>                                                                 2,096,699                  0.49
                        14   TEAKDALE INVESTMENTS PTY LTD <TJP O'LEARY FAMILY A/C>                                                         1,353,769                  0.32
                        15   CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                                  1,139,415                  0.27
                        16   MRS YUEZHEN XIE                                                                                               1,009,101                  0.23
                        17   MISS LIJUAN WU                                                                                                 942,000                   0.22
                        18   HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <GSCO CUSTOMERS A/C>                                                  848,578                  0.20
                        19   SOLIUM NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) PTY LTD <ALLOCATED A/C>                                                            838,982                   0.20
                        20   NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                               787,130                  0.18
                   Top 20 holders of ORDINARY FULLY PAID SHARES (Total)                                                               345,725,489                80.46
                   Total remaining holders balance                                                                                      83,978,416               19.54


     170            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

                        (As provided in disclosed substantial shareholder notices to the company)

                                                                                                                                                                            % of
                                                                                                                                                                          issued
                        Shareholder                                                                                                       Shareholdings                   capital

                        State Street Corporation                                                                                                  30,135,170                7.01%
                        Perpetual Limited                                                                                                        29,893,246                 6.96%
                        Van Eck Associates Corporation                                                                                           26,823,526                 6.24%




                        CALENDAR OF EVENTS


                        Date                                                  Event




For personal use only
                        18 February 2026                                      Announcement of Financial Results
                        10 March 2026                                         Close of Director nominations for AGM
                        28 April 2026                                         Close of acceptances of proxies for AGM
                        30 April 2026                                         Annual General Meeting




                        KEY SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

                        INVESTOR RELATIONS ENQUIRIES

                        Investor Relations
                        Level 17, 240 St Georges Terrace
                        Perth, Western Australia, 6000
                        Telephone: +61 8 9360 4700
                        Email: investor.relations@iluka.com

                        DIVIDENDS
                        Iluka’s Board of Directors typically makes a determination on dividend payments twice each year. Iluka introduced a dividend reinvestment plan (DRP)
                        in 2018.

                        SHARE REGISTRY SERVICES
                        Shareholders who require information about their shareholdings, dividend payments or related administrative matters should contact the company’s
                        share registry:

                        Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd
                        Level 17, 221 St Georges Terrace,
                        Perth, Western Australia, 6000
                        Telephone: 1300 733 043 (within Australia)
                                     or +61 3 9415 4801 (outside Australia)
                        Facsimile: +61 3 9473 2500
                        Postal address:
                        GPO Box 2975,
                        Melbourne, Victoria, 3001
                        Website: www.investorcentre.com/au


                        ANNUAL REPORTS AND EMAIL NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR ACCOUNTS
                        Shareholders can elect to receive a printed copy of the annual report and/or receive an email notification related to major company events. Please
                        contact Computershare. Each enquiry should refer to the shareholder number which is shown on holding statements and dividend statements.




                                                                                                                                         Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   171
                 CORPORATE
                 INFORMATION




                 CORPORATE INFORMATION


                   Company details                           Iluka Resources Limited
                                                             ABN: 34 008 675 018

                   Company secretaries                       Ben Martin, Nigel Tinley

                   Registered office                         Level 17
                                                             240 St Georges Terrace
                                                             Perth, Western Australia, 6000

                   Postal address                            GPO Box U1988
                                                             Perth, Western Australia, 6845




For personal use only
                   Phone                                     +61 8 9360 4700

                   Facsimile                                 +61 8 9360 4777

                   Website                                   www.iluka.com

                                                             The site contains information on Iluka’s products, marketing, operations, ASX releases and financial and quarterly
                                                             reports. It also contains links to other sites, including the share registry.


                 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
                 Iluka’s 71st Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) will be held as a physical meeting at the Theatrette, mezzanine level, 240 St Georges
                 Terrace, Perth, Western Australia, on Thursday 30 April 2026, commencing at 9:30am (AWST).

                 Registration for the AGM will open at the venue from 8:30am (AWST). To watch the AGM, you can either attend the meeting in person or watch a live
                 (one-way) webcast at www.iluka.com/AGM.

                 If it becomes necessary or appropriate to make alternative arrangements for the holding of the AGM, Iluka will ensure that shareholders are given as
                 much notice as possible via the ASX platform and www.iluka.com.

                 Shareholders are also encouraged to lodge proxy votes in advance of the meeting to ensure that their voting instructions will be received and votes
                 cast, and to monitor the company’s website and ASX platform in case any alternative arrangements become necessary.

                 CLOSE OF NOMINATIONS
                 All nominations for election as a director at the 71st Annual General Meeting of Shareholders must be received in writing no later than 5:30pm (AWST)
                 on Tuesday 10 March 2026 in order to be valid under Iluka’s constitution.




     172            Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025
                        INFORMATION ABOUT
                        THIS REPORT




                        NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                        This document contains non-IFRS financial measures including cash production costs, non-production costs, mineral sands EBITDA, Underlying
                        Group EBITDA, EBIT, free cash flow, and net debt amongst others. Iluka management considers these to be key financial performance indicators of the
                        business, and they are defined and/or reconciled in Iluka’s annual results materials and/or annual report. Non-IFRS measures have not been subject to
                        audit or review. All figures are expressed in Australian dollars unless stated otherwise.


                        FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

                        This document contains certain statements which constitute ‘forward-looking statements’.

                        Often, but not always, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘expect’, ‘plan’, ‘believe’,
                        ‘estimate’, ‘anticipate’, ‘outlook’, ‘guidance’, ‘target’, ‘ambition’, ‘goal’, ‘aspiration’, ‘objective’ or similar expressions, and may include, without limitation,




For personal use only
                        statements regarding the plans, strategies and objectives of management; anticipated production and production potential; estimates of future
                        capital expenditure or construction commencement dates; expected costs or production outputs; estimates of future product supply, demand and
                        consumption; statements regarding future product prices; statements regarding climate change and climate-related targets (including those relating
                        to future demands and uses for Iluka’s products, Iluka’s targets, goals and ambitions, transition considerations, emissions performance, technological
                        developments and other external enablers, and climate, environmental and energy transition scenarios); and statements regarding the expectation of
                        future Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves.

                        These forward-looking statements reflect Iluka’s expectations at the date of this report and reflect judgements, assumptions, estimates and other
                        information available as at the date of this document and/or the date of Iluka’s planning processes. They are not guarantees or predictions of future
                        performance or statements of fact. The information is based on Iluka’s forecasts and as such is subject to variation related to, but not restricted to,
                        economic, market demand/supply and competitive factors.

                        Forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, contingencies and other
                        important factors, many of which are beyond Iluka’s control, that could cause the actual results, performances or achievements of Iluka to differ
                        materially from future results, performances or achievements expressed, projected or implied by such forward-looking statements. The information
                        contained in this report has not been prepared as financial or investment advice. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-
                        looking statements, particularly in light of the time horizons which this document discusses and the inherent uncertainty in possible policy, regulatory,
                        market and technological developments in the future.

                        Except as required by applicable laws or regulations, Iluka does not undertake to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether
                        as a result of new information or future events. Iluka cautions against reliance on any forward-looking statements or guidance, particularly in light of the
                        current economic climate and the significant volatility, uncertainty and disruption arising in connection with current global geopolitical tensions.

                        Information on likely developments in the Group’s business strategies, prospects, financial position and operations for future financial years and the
                        expected results that could result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group (for example, information that is commercially sensitive, confidential or
                        could give a third party a commercial advantage) has not been included in this report. The categories of information omitted include forward-looking
                        estimates and projections prepared for internal management purposes, information regarding Iluka’s operations and projects which are developing and
                        susceptible to change, and information relating to commercial contracts.


                        CLIMATE STRATEGY AND EMISSIONS DATA

                        All greenhouse gas emissions data in this report are estimates, due to the inherent uncertainty and limitations in measuring or quantifying greenhouse
                        gas emissions, and our methodologies for measuring or quantifying greenhouse gas emissions may evolve as market practice develops and data
                        quality and quantity improve.

                        Actual performance against climate‑related targets, ambitions or aspirations may be materially affected by risks and uncertainties associated with
                        Iluka’s business, policy and regulatory developments, market conditions, technological change and physical risks associated with climate change,
                        many of which are beyond Iluka’s control.

                        There are inherent limitations with scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict which, if any, of the scenarios might eventuate. Scenarios do not
                        constitute definitive outcomes or probabilities, and scenario analysis relies on assumptions that may or may not be, or prove to be, correct and may or
                        may not eventuate. Scenarios may also be impacted by additional factors to the assumptions disclosed.


                        INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA

                        This document contains industry, market and competitive position data derived from a combination of third‑party sources, industry publications,
                        analyst information and Iluka’s own internal estimates. While Iluka believes this information to be reliable, Iluka has not independently verified all such
                        data and does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Undue reliance should not be placed on this information.




                                                                                                                                                    Iluka Resources Limited Annual Report 2025   173
                        DELIVER
                        SUSTAINABLE
                        VALUE




For personal use only




                        ILUKA.COM
