         2022
Annual Report
Contents

FY22 Highlights                                   1

Letter from the Chairman                          2

CEO Review                                       4

Our Operations                                    7

Living our Values                                 7

Board of Directors                               8

Senior Management Team                           8

Directors’ Report                                9

Sustainability Statement                         33

Remuneration Report – Audited                    34

Directors’ Declaration                           53

Auditor’s Independence Declaration               54

Independent Auditor’s Report                     55

Financial Statements                             61
 Consolidated Statement of Profit or
 Loss and Comprehensive Income                   62
 Consolidated Statement of
 Financial Position                              63
 Consolidated Statement of
 Changes in Equity                               64
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows            65

Notes to the Financial Statements                66

Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves           107

Additional Information                       110

Corporate Directory                 Back Cover




Lynas Rare Earths acknowledges the Traditional
Owners of the lands on which we live and work,
across Australia.

We acknowledge and value Lynas’ Aboriginal
and Torres Strait Islander employees, partners
and communities and pay respect to their
Elders past and present.




                                                      www.LynasRareEarths.com
FY22 Highlights




  $541m                                          $920m            $966m
  Record                                         Record           Cash and
  Profit                                         Sales Revenue    Short Term Deposits




  $186m                                          911              24%
  Property, Plant &                              Employees        Women
  Equipment Capital                                               Senior Executives
  Spend




  400+                                           External
                                                 accreditations
  LTI free days achieved
  at Mt Weld site
                                                 maintained



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                          1
Letter from the Chairman

                     Dear Shareholder, it is my pleasure to present the 2022 Annual Report.

                     The 2022 financial year was an excellent year for the rare earths market.
                     Lynas, as an ethical and environmentally responsible producer was well
                     positioned to flourish in this environment. The capability and customer
                     relationships built over the past decade provided the foundation for our
                     excellent results.

                     I am pleased to report that Lynas achieved sales revenue of $920 million and
                     Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) of $540.8 million. It is a credit to the Lynas team
                     that they were able to overcome a number of challenges during the year to
                     achieve these record results.

                     Production continued to be affected by the consequences of the ongoing
                     COVID-19 pandemic. Team members were required to isolate and
                     pandemic-related shipping and logistics delays required new solutions.
                     Ongoing water supply disruptions in Malaysia offered significant challenges
                     to our Malaysian production team. Despite these challenges, an 8% increase
                     of NdPr production year on year was achieved.
“As the world       Rare earths market prices and demand for NdFeB magnets remained
                     robust throughout the 2022 year. As a leading supplier of rare earth
 seeks to            materials, Lynas experienced strong demand for its NdPr product family
                     and mixed Heavy Rare Earth compound (known as SEG) and this was a key
 transition to       contributor to the excellent results.

 cleaner energy      Good progress was made on the company’s Lynas 2025 growth plan
                     which is aimed at increasing capacity and diversification of the company’s
 sources, demand     industrial footprint. Full approvals for construction of the Kalgoorlie Rare
                     Earths Processing Facility were received in February 2022 and construction
 for rare earth      works at the end of FY22 were over 40% complete.

 materials for       Plans for the company’s expansion to the United States also progressed
                     during the year. In June 2022, Lynas was awarded an approximately US$120
 electric vehicles   million follow on contract from the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) for
                     construction of a commercial U.S. based Heavy Rare Earths separation
 and wind energy     facility. The facility is expected to be co-located with Lynas’ planned Light
                     Rare Earth separation facility (announced January 2021) which will be
 has accelerated.    partially funded by the DoD.

 ”                   As the world seeks to transition to cleaner energy sources, demand for rare
                     earth materials for electric vehicles and wind energy has accelerated. In
                     keeping with our objective of growing with the market, Lynas is making
                     further investments to increase capacity in each stage of our operations.

                     Subsequent to FY22, in August 2022, Lynas announced an approximately
                     $500m capacity expansion project at the Mt Weld mine and concentration
                     plant with the aim of further increasing feedstock capacity in addition to
                     implementing sustainability and circular economy initiatives.




2                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
                                            Strong market prices and demand for Lynas’ products further strengthened
                                            our balance sheet during the year and closing cash was $965.6m. This
                                            provides a strong platform for our growth projects, including the Mt Weld
                                            expansion plans which will be fully funded from cash flow.

                                            Rare earths are used in attractive and future facing industries and Lynas
                                            occupies a unique position in the global Rare Earths market. The Board
                                            recognises that we operate in a highly competitive market and the skills of
                                            our team are in demand in the rare earths and other minerals processing
                                            industries. The Board continued to assess the external environment in line
                                            with talent acquisition and retention strategies during the year.

                                            From a remuneration perspective, this means ensuring that overall
                                            remuneration continues to reflect balanced and fair outcomes in the current
                                            market. A review of the Lynas STI and LTI Plans was conducted to ensure
                                            they remained comparable with peer group companies.

                                            Lynas remains focused on meeting customer, community and investor
                                            needs for ethically and responsibly produced rare earths. The company
                                            continues to develop initiatives to enhance Lynas’ climate change resilience
                                            and environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance and reporting
                                            and it is pleasing to see that these continued improvements were well
                                            received by the market in FY22.

                                            Accelerated demand for rare earth materials, Lynas’ unique market position,
                                            and progress on Lynas 2025 growth plans underpinned a significant uplift in
                                            market capitalisation during the year.

                                            On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Amanda
                                            Lacaze, her executive team, and all Lynas employees for their continued hard
                                            work and effective execution of the company’s growth plans.

                                            The Board would also like to thank you, our shareholders, for your ongoing
                                            support of the business. It was very pleasing to see Lynas realise the benefits
                                            of over a decade of hard work as the rare earths market strengthened this
                                            year and the Board remains focused on continuing to build shareholder
                                            value as we accelerate capacity to meet growing demand.




                                            Kathleen Conlon
                                            Chairman



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                            3
CEO Review

                       The 2022 financial year was another record
                       year for Lynas. The record revenue and profit
                       achieved in 2022 was the reward for many years
                       of hard work and heavy lifting by the teams in
                       both Australia and Malaysia.
                       It is very pleasing to be in the position we are in today, as the market
                       continues to grow. Demand for magnets, particularly for wind turbines and
                       electric vehicles, has been robust in 2022, with forecast growth expected
                       to accelerate faster than many in the industry originally expected. This
                       increase in demand was accompanied by a significant increase in pricing
                       for the magnetic rare earth products.

                       The favourable market conditions, sustained demand for Lynas’ rare earth
                       materials, and continuing process enhancements underpinned our record
“We are proud         results despite continued challenges in the external environment.

 that Mt Weld has      This success allows us to confidently progress our growth initiatives in line
                       with the accelerating market.
 been nominated
 for the prestigious   Mitigating internal and external challenges
                       External challenges continued as the industry dealt with COVID-19 related
 Golden Gecko          shipping delays, disruptions to the availability of key production inputs, and
                       increases to various cost categories over the past 12 months. In response,
 environmental         the team added charter ships, in addition to our regular commercial ships,
                       to transport rare earth concentrate from Fremantle Port to Kuantan Port,
 excellence award,     minimising the impact of port and shipment delays. Transit time for our
                       concentrate reached a high of over 30 days during December 2021, and the
 part of the 2022      inclusion of the charter ships ensured continuity of supply to our customers.

    Resources Sector   Water supply in Malaysia provided challenges and during the year the team
                       implemented several process modifications to minimise our sensitivity to its
    Awards for         unpredictability. To deal with the frequent interruptions to supply, solutions
                       included additional process water storage on site and use of other natural
    Excellence ... ”   local water sources, to minimise future impact on production.

                       During the year construction commenced on the Malaysian permanent
                       disposal facility (PDF) for WLP residue and the Malaysian Operating
                       Licence was updated to include a Class G licence for WLP disposal
                       activities to the PDF.

                       In September 2021, COVID-19 cases in the Kuantan area increased and
                       several personnel were required to isolate resulting in a partial or full
                       shutdown of the cracking and leaching plant for 11 days. The production
                       of NdPr was prioritised with available personnel during the period, which
                       meant that production of non-NdPr products was also shutdown for
                       16 days.




4                                                                             www.LynasRareEarths.com
Ensuring the health and safety of our people
The safety of our people, our communities and the environment is always our first priority. The risk of COVID-19 was
prevalent in Malaysia and Australia during the year, therefore our well-established health and hygiene protocols were
maintained in both locations to protect the health and wellbeing of our people and communities. This included
surveillance Rapid Antigen testing, communication and education, disclosure and reporting, hygiene and required
isolation procedures.

The whole Lynas team maintained its focus on safety and group-wide safety results were sustained in 2022, with
the 12-month rolling lost time injury frequency rate as at 30 June 2022 at 0.8 per million hours worked (June 2021:
0.8 per million hours worked). In addition, the 12-month total recordable injury frequency rate at 30 June 2022 was
2.4 per million hours worked (June 2021: 2.1 per million hours worked). I am very pleased to report that on 27 April
2022, the Mt Weld operation achieved the milestone of one-year LTI free, an achievement that is still held following
the end of the financial year.


Producing environmentally responsible rare earths
In FY22, NdPr production was 5,880 tonnes (FY21: 5,461 tonnes) and total REO production was 15,970 tonnes (FY21:
15,761 tonnes). We remained focused on delivering production at nameplate capacity rates for NdPr, and the team in
Malaysia achieved 600t of NdPr in March 2022, the highest monthly NdPr production since the COVID-19 pandemic.

We are proud that Mt Weld has been nominated for the prestigious Golden Gecko environmental excellence award,
part of the 2022 Resources Sector Awards for Excellence administered by the WA Department of Mines, Industry
Regulation and Safety. This recognises excellence in the management of our tailings, including the implementation
of Accelerated Mechanical Consolidation at Mt Weld. This has resulted in a 50 per cent reduction in tailings volume
required to be stored, an increase in the shear strength to over 30KPa, and 70 per cent water recovery in that part
of our operations. The Mt Weld tailings initiative is one of only six WA initiatives to have been shortlisted for the
environmental award.

In September 2021, as part of our commitment to sustainability, the Lynas Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Policy was
introduced and we made a commitment to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). In June 2022, Lynas received
an upgraded MSCI ESG rating from “A rating” to a “AA rating”, the second highest score.


Serving high growth customer markets
The rare earths market was strong throughout FY22, with prices for rare earths materials increasing throughout the
year. The NdPr market price remained 70% to 80% higher than in the same period last year, with the average China
domestic price of NdPr (VAT excluded) increasing from US$64.7/kg in June 2021 to US$124.0/kg in June 2022.

We continue to be approached by end users who are seeking to secure long term sourcing of raw material, and
we are engaged in productive discussions with end users for supply of rare earth materials. The NdFeB market
continued to record robust growth, despite many downstream industries dealing with a reduced workforce due
to the COVID-19 pandemic and the global shortage of semi-conductors during the year. The market growth
supported the strong demand for Lynas’ NdPr product family and Heavy Rare Earth compound (SEG).

Lynas has built a reputation as a reliable supplier of quality products and we are focused on developing strong
customer relationships with strategic customers, primarily outside China. We are the leading supplier of the NdPr
family of products to the Japanese market, with demand from our key customers consistently increasing over the
past few years and accelerating in the past 12 months.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                         5
CEO Review




Expanding our industrial footprint
The Lynas growth plan will enable us to grow with the market, diversify our industrial footprint, and increase the range
of products we can offer our customers. It has been very exciting to see all the progress made on these initiatives.

The new Rare Earths Processing Facility in Kalgoorlie is a foundation project of the Lynas growth plan and in
FY22 all necessary approvals for the Kalgoorlie project were received. In addition, 100% of equipment was ordered
and construction works were over 40% complete at the end of the period. Key personnel in the Operational and
Maintenance Leadership teams were also recruited and commenced work during the year.

In keeping with the objective of having downstream processing close to our customers, we were pleased to be
awarded a US$120m contract by the U.S. Department of Defense for construction of a commercial Heavy Rare Earths
separation facility in the United States (announced 14 June 2022). The Heavy Rare Earths facility will be co-located
with the Light Rare Earth separation facility (announced 22 January 2021) which is sponsored and half funded by the
U.S. Government. We are completing detailed planning for the Facility, which is expected to be located within an
existing industrial area on the Gulf Coast of the State of Texas and targeted to be operational in 2025.


Planning for accelerated market demand
To support the Lynas 2025 growth plan, we are planning to accelerate capacity growth at the Mt Weld site and at
each production stage. On 3 August 2022, we announced an approximately $500m project to expand capacity at
the Mt Weld mine and concentration plant beyond the previously announced 10,500 tonnes per annum of NdPr
finished product. The expansion is designed to produce sufficient concentrate feedstock to support the production
of 12,000 tonnes per annum of finished NdPr oxide. The project has been fully scoped and the investment for this
stage of the project will be fully funded from cash flow.

In addition, an industrial plan has been developed for the Lynas Malaysia plant for expenditure of capital over
the next two to three years to support asset integrity, improve reliability and support improved environmental
outcomes on site. These include works at the plant to receive and process Mixed Rare Earth Carbonate (MREC)
from the Kalgoorlie facility and initiatives to increase capacity to 10,500tpa NdPr products, and repurpose existing
equipment to expand the range of products we offer to our customers.


Building on our performance
It has been a successful year for the company and we achieved a record result in a growing rare earths market.
The team implemented solutions to mitigate the challenges experienced in the external environment to ensure
that we continued to serve our customers.

Solid progress has been made on our Lynas 2025 growth plans and the inclusion of new projects to deliver
additional capacity increases provides the foundation for continued growth and support of our position as a
supplier of choice to 2025 and beyond.

Once again, the teams in Australia and Malaysia have put in a big effort to minimise the impact of COVID-19 on
the business, their colleagues and our local communities. I would like to thank them for all their hard work and
commitment during the year. I would also like to thank the Board for their ongoing support and counsel throughout
the year.

Lastly, but certainly not least, I would like to thank all our Lynas shareholders for your continued commitment to the
business. It has been great to share the outcomes achieved in FY22 with you and I look forward to updating you on
the progress of our exciting expansion plans in the next financial year.




Amanda Lacaze
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer




6                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
Our Operations




    MALAYSIA                                     AUSTRALIA                                    UNITED STATES
               Lynas Malaysia:                            Mt Weld, WA:                                    Planned U.S. Heavy
               Integrated Rare                            Tier 1 Rare Earths                              Rare Earths and
               Earths refinery in                         deposit,                                        Light Rare Earths
               Gebeng, Malaysia.                          Concentration Plant                             Processing Facilities




                                                          Kalgoorlie, WA:
                                                          Rare Earths
                                                          Processing Facility
                                                          under construction




Living our Values


          Care                 Achievement                 Expertise                 Diversity                Sustainability
  We care for and respect      We are resilient and   We are driven to be the    We are a multicultural    We are passionate about
       each other, our           committed. We         world’s best in Rare     company. We value and          contributing to a
   communities and the       overcome challenges to   Earths and to earn the      embrace diversity.        sustainable future and
  environment. We make          achieve our goals.        respect of our                                     green technologies.
  sure we all go home safe                                  customers.
          and well.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                       7
BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Kathleen Conlon                         Amanda Lacaze                     Philippe Etienne
Chairman                                Managing Director & CEO           Non-Executive Director




Dr Vanessa Guthrie AO                   John Humphrey                     Grant Murdoch
Non-Executive Director                  Non-Executive Director            Non-Executive Director




SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM




Amanda Lacaze            Mimi Afzan Afza       Dato Sri Mashal    Daniel Havas            Chris Jenney
Managing Director        Vice President        Ahmad              Vice President          Executive General
& CEO                    People & Culture      Vice President     Strategy & Investor     Manager, Business
                                               Malaysia           Relations               Development




                         Sarah Leonard         Pol Le Roux        Jennifer Parker         Gaudenz
                         General Counsel &     Vice President     Vice President          Sturzenegger
                         Company Secretary     Downstream         Corporate Affairs       Chief Financial Officer




8                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
Directors’ Report

The Board of Directors (the “Board” or the “Directors”) of Lynas Rare Earths
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the
“Group”) submit their report for the year ended 30 June 2022. In order to
comply with the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, the Directors
report as follows:


CORPORATE INFORMATION
Lynas Rare Earths Limited is limited by shares and is incorporated and domiciled in Australia. The Group’s corporate
structure is as follows:


                                            Lynas Rare Earths Limited
                                                       ACN 009 066 648                                     0.01%
                                                     ABN 27 009 066 648
                                                 Date of Incorporation 23/5/1983
                                                        Registered in WA




       100%                    100%                         100%                         100%                      100%                    100%
  Lynas Services             Mt Weld                  Lynas Kalgoorlie                Lynas USA              Lynas Malaysia           Lynas Africa
     Pty Ltd                 Holdings                     Pty Ltd                        LLC                    Sdn Bhd                Holdings
 ACN 31 103 936 232
                              Pty Ltd                 ACN 73 053 160 302           Date of Incorporation    Malaysian Company No
                                                                                                                                        Pty Ltd
 Date of Incorporation   ACN 75 073 998 106           Date of Incorporation             24/6/2019              200601032530           ACN 148 189 511
      3/3/2003           Date of Incorporation              29/7/1991                 Registered in          Date of Incorporation   Date of Incorporation
     Registered in            15/5/1996                   Registered in              Delaware, USA                6/11/2006                13/1/2011
       Victoria             Registered in                    NSW                                                Registered in           Registered in
                                 WA                                                                                Malaysia                Victoria




                               100%                                                                                                      99.99%
                         Mt Weld Mining                                                                                               Lynas Africa
                             Pty Ltd                                                                                                    Limited
                         ABN 96 053 160 400                                                                                          Malawi Company No
                         Date of Incorporation                                                                                              8409
                              29/7/1991                                                                                              Date of Incorporation
                             Registered in                                                                                                12/7/2007
                                NSW                                                                                                     Registered in
                                                                                                                                           Malawi




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                                               9
Directors’ Report




DIRECTORS
The names and details of the Company’s Directors who were in office during or since the end of the financial year
are as set out below. All Directors were in office for this entire period unless otherwise stated.

Kathleen Conlon BA (Econ) (Dist.), MBA, FAICD
Non-Executive Chair
Ms Conlon was appointed as a Non-Executive Director from 1 November 2011. Ms Conlon is currently a
Non-Executive Director of Aristocrat Leisure Limited and BlueScope Steel Limited and is a former Non-Executive
Director of REA Group Limited, CSR Limited and The Benevolent Society. She is also a member of Chief Executive
Women, former President of the NSW division of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a former
member of the National Board of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Ms Conlon was previously
Chairperson of the audit committee of the Commonwealth Department of Health. Prior to her Non-Executive
Director career, Ms Conlon spent 20 years in professional consulting where she successfully assisted companies
to achieve increased shareholder returns through strategic and operational improvements in a diverse range of
industries.

Ms Conlon is one of the pre-eminent thought leaders in the area of operations and change management, both
in Australia and globally. In 2003, Ms Conlon was awarded the Commonwealth Centenary medal for services to
business leadership.

Ms Conlon is a member of the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee and the Health, Safety and
Environment Committee.

Amanda Lacaze BA, MAICD
Managing Director
Ms Lacaze was appointed as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on 25 June 2014
following her appointment as a Non-Executive Director of the Company on 1 January 2014.

Ms Lacaze brings more than 25 years of senior operational experience to Lynas, including as Chief Executive Officer
of Commander Communications, Executive Chairman of Orion Telecommunications and Chief Executive Officer of
AOL|7. Prior to that, Ms Lacaze was Managing Director of Marketing at Telstra and held various business manage-
ment roles at ICI Australia (now Orica and Incitec Pivot). Ms Lacaze’s early experience was in consumer goods with
Nestle.

Ms Lacaze is a member of Chief Executive Women and the Australian Institute of Company Directors. She was a
Non-Executive Director of ING Bank Australia until 30 May 2021. Ms Lacaze holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree from
the University of Queensland and postgraduate Diploma in Marketing from the Australian Graduate School of
Management.

Philippe Etienne MBA, BSc (Phys) (Pharm)
Non-Executive Director
Mr Etienne joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director on 1 January 2015. He is a Non-Executive Director of
Cleanaway Waste Management Limited and Aristocrat Leisure Limited. Mr Etienne is also a former Non-Executive
Director of Sedgman Limited and the former Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Innovia Security
Pty Ltd.

Previously, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Orica Mining Services and was a member of Orica Limited’s
Executive Committee.

Mr Etienne is a graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. His career includes senior executive
positions with Orica in Australia, the USA and Germany including strategy and planning and responsibility for
synergy delivery of large scale acquisitions.

Mr Etienne is the Chair of the Health, Safety and Environment Committee and a member of the Audit, Risk and
ESG Committee.




10                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
Dr Vanessa Guthrie AO, Hon DSc, PhD, BSc (Hons)
Non-Executive Director
Dr Guthrie was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 1 October 2020. Dr Guthrie has qualifications in geology,
environment, law and business management including a PhD in Geology and over 30 years’ experience in the
resources sector.

Dr Guthrie is currently a Non-Executive Director of Santos Limited, Tronox Holdings PLC and Cricket Australia,
a Lead Independent Director and Deputy Chair of Adbri Limited, and Pro-Chancellor of Curtin University.
Dr Guthrie was formerly the Deputy Chair of the WACA and a non-Executive Director of the Australian Broadcasting
Corporation, and holds and Honorary Doctor of Science from Curtin University in sustainability, innovation and
policy leadership in the resources industry. Dr Guthrie is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors,
the Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering and the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy
and a Member of Chief Executive Women. Dr Guthrie was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia in 2021 for
contribution to the minerals and resources sector.

Dr Guthrie is a member of the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee and the Health, Safety and
Environment Committee.

John Humphrey LLB
Non-Executive Director
Mr Humphrey joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director on 15 May 2017. His key areas of expertise include
mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance and corporate governance.

Mr Humphrey is a senior consultant to King & Wood Mallesons. He was the Dean of the Faculty of Law at
Queensland University of Technology from January 2013 until June 2019. He was a Senior Partner at King & Wood
Mallesons between 1998 and 2012 and a Partner at Corrs Chambers Westgarth between 1980 and 1998. He is an
experienced Non-Executive Director having previously been Chairman and a Non-Executive Director of Spotless
Group Holdings until 31 January 2021 and Chairman and Non-Executive Director of Auswide Bank Limited (formerly
Wide Bay Australia Limited) until 31 December 2020. He was appointed as Chairman and a Non-Executive Director
of Titles Queensland in August 2021 and he has previously served as Chairman and Non-Executive Director of
Horizon Oil Limited and Villa World Limited, Deputy Chairman of King & Wood Mallesons and as a Non-Executive
Director of Cromwell Property Group, Downer Group Limited, and Sunshine Broadcasting Group Limited. He has
also served as a member of the Australian Takeovers Panel.

Mr Humphrey is the Chair of the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee and a member of the
Audit, Risk and ESG Committee.

Grant Murdoch M COM (Hons), FAICD, FCA
Non-Executive Director
Mr Murdoch joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director on 30 October 2017. Mr Murdoch has more than
38 years of chartered accounting experience. From 2004 to 2011, Mr Murdoch led the corporate finance team for
Ernst & Young Queensland and was an audit and corporate finance partner with Deloitte from 1980 to 2000. Mr
Murdoch has extensive experience in providing advice in relation to mergers, acquisitions, takeovers, corporate
restructures, share issues, pre-acquisition pricing due diligence advice, expert reports for capital raisings and initial
public offerings.

Mr Murdoch is currently a Non-Executive Director and chair of the audit committee of the listed entity OFX Ltd and
Auswide Bank Ltd (from 1 January 2021). He was previously a director and the chair of the audit committee for ALS
Limited, Redbubble Limited and QIC. He is a senator of the University of Queensland (as well as chair of the risk
committee and member of the finance committee), an adjunct professor at the University of Queensland Business
School and a director of UQ Holdings Limited. Mr Murdoch has a Master’s degree in Commerce (Honours) from the
University of Canterbury, New Zealand, is a graduate of the Kellogg Advanced Executive Program and the Advanced
Leadership Program at Northwestern University. He is a fellow of both the Institute of Chartered Accountants in
Australia and New Zealand and of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

Mr Murdoch is the Chair of the Audit, Risk and ESG Committee and a member of the Nomination, Remuneration
and Community Committee.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                              11
Directors’ Report




Resignations
There have been no resignations from the Board during the period.



COMPANY SECRETARIES
Sarah Leonard
Ms Leonard is an experienced General Counsel and a leading resources and infrastructure lawyer. She was previ-
ously the Group Legal Counsel at Monadelphous Group Limited, an ASX listed contractor in the resources sector.
In that role, she was responsible for governance, compliance and regulatory matters in relation to the Group. Prior
to her role as Group Legal Counsel, Sarah was a partner at Corrs Chambers Westgarth in the construction and
infrastructure team.



REMUNERATION OF KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
Information about the remuneration of key management personnel is set out in the remuneration report of this
Directors’ Report. The term ‘key management personnel’ refers to those persons having authority and responsibility
for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including any Director of the
Company.



DIRECTORS SHAREHOLDINGS
As at the date of this report, the Directors’ shareholdings are consistent with the shareholdings table described in
Section I(i) of the remuneration report.



NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activities of the Group are:
     • Integrated extraction and processing of Rare Earth minerals, primarily in Australia and Malaysia; and
     • Development of Rare Earth deposits.


SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS
Except as disclosed in the review of operations, the factors and business risks that affect future performance and
the subsequent events, there have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group during the
current financial year.



PERFORMANCE REVIEW
The Directors together with Management monitor the Group’s overall performance including development and
implementation of the strategic plan and the operating and financial performance of the Group.



REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Financial Highlights
The 2022 financial year was an exceptional year for Lynas as the company delivered another record profit. Market
conditions were favourable throughout the year and demand for Lynas’ rare earth materials remained strong. The
external environment continued to be challenging, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, logistics and the inflationary
environment, however, effective solutions were implemented to mitigate these challenges.




12                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
Sales revenue rose to $920 million, an increase of 88.1% on FY2021, and a Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) of $540.8 million
was achieved, a 244% increase on the FY2021 NPAT.

In the second half of FY2022 in particular, rare earth prices were sustained at high levels, especially the NdPr price
which remained between 70% and 80% higher than at the same time last year. The average China Domestic Price
for NdPr during the final quarter of FY2022 was US$120/kg.

Lynas began using a combination of commercial shipping and charter shipping to transport concentrate from
Fremantle to Lynas Malaysia during the year, mitigating the risk of unforeseen delays in commercial shipping
schedules. As has been reported across industry, various cost categories have seen significant increases over the
past 12 months. Royalty cost increases follow price increases in the market, freight costs were approximately double
due to global shipping cost increases and the addition of charter ships to mitigate the impact of port and shipment
delays. Chemical input costs have increased by approximately 20% with some specific chemicals seeing changes of
up to 70%.




                                                                                                           Movement
                                                             FY22              FY21
                                                              $m                $m               $m                 %

Net Sales Revenue                                           920.0            489.0             431.0           88.1%
Cost of Sales                                              (348.4)           (302.2)           (46.2)           15.3%

Gross Profit                                                571.6            186.8            384.8          206.0%

Net Profit Before Tax                                       535.8             157.5           378.3          240.2%

Net Profit After Tax                                        540.8             157.1           383.7          244.2%



                                                                                                           Movement
                                                       30 June 22        30 June 21
                                                              $m               $m                $m                 %

Cash and short- term deposits                               965.6            680.8            284.8            41.8%

Net Assets                                                1,645.6          1,083.4            562.2            51.9%

Market Capitalisation                                     7,878.0           5,145.2          2,732.8           53.1%



Continued recognition of the rapid growth in rare earth demand, Lynas’ unique market position as the only
significant producer of separated rare earths outside of China, and improved business performance and progress
on Lynas 2025 growth plans underpinned a significant uplift in market capitalisation during the year.


Mt Weld
Lynas Rare Earths is focused on developing the Mt Weld resource to meet forecast demand growth.

Mining Campaign 4-1
Mt Weld commenced Mining Campaign 4-1 during the year and transitioned from waste mining to waste and ore
mining in the final quarter of FY22. Ore mined in this campaign is being transported to the run of mine stockpile for
future blending. Campaign 3 ores were processed in the mill during the year. Lanthanide concentrate product from
Mt Weld was shipped from Fremantle to Lynas Malaysia using both commercial and charter shipping.

Exploration Results
On 1 March 2022, Lynas announced exploration results from a single deep exploration drill hole into the fresh
carbonatite 1 kilometre below the current Mt Weld pit floor. The exploration drilling program was partially funded by
the Western Australian Government Exploration Incentive Scheme (EIS).



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                           13
Directors’ Report




Analysis of samples obtained from the exploration drill hole revealed:
     • Rare Earth Element (REE) mineralisation was confirmed along the entire 1020m drillhole at an average grade
         of 2.22% REO, no cut-off grade applied,
     • The weathering process has significantly enriched the REE grade in the weathered saprolite zone, due to the
         relative enrichment of monazite within the Apatite Zones. Apatite Zones at shallower depths show 27m of 7.6%
         REO (0m to 27m depth below the current pit floor and 65 to 92m below the surface) and 23m of 13.67% REO
         (42m to 62m depth below the current pit floor and 107 to 127m below the surface),
     • All samples returned REE assay; the highest grade is 21.44% REO from 60m to 62.4m hosted in the apatite
         zone and the lowest grade is 0.17% REO in a 4m composite sample from 969m to 973m depth hosted in
         calcite-rich carbonatite. The results reveal a new exploration target in the fresh carbonatite below the surface
         weathering zone that is being mined within the Life of Mine design.

Mt Weld Expansion
Subsequent to 30 June 2022, on 3 August 2022, Lynas announced an approximately $500m project to expand
capacity at the Mt Weld mine and concentration plant beyond the previously announced 10,500 tonnes per annum
of NdPr finished product. The expansion is designed to produce sufficient concentrate feedstock to support the
production of 12,000 tonnes per annum of finished NdPr oxide. The project has been fully scoped and the approxi-
mately $500m investment for this stage of the project is fully funded from cash flow. This project is based on known
technology and includes upscaled processing equipment, efficiency improvements, enhanced sustainability and
will provide a platform for further capacity increases. Two additional stages which offer a pathway to an additional
2,400 tonnes each of NdPr oxide finished product per annum are in development.

Key elements of the Mt Weld expansion project include:
     •   Crushing and grinding infrastructure
     •   Additional flotation circuits
     •   Apatite leach circuit
     •   Concentrate dewatering circuit
     •   Concentrate drying and load out facilities
     •   Reagent facilities
     •   A state-of-the-art high recovery water recycling circuit from the tailings dam
     •   Additional bore water desalination plant
     •   Additional tailings storage facilities, with segregated storage of process streams to enable potential future
         reprocessing.

In addition to this initial expansion project, Lynas plans to implement further sustainability and circular economy
activities on the Mt Weld site, including:
     • A staged transition from diesel fuelled power generation to gas and then hybrid renewable power generation
     • A larger mine and waste rock landforms designed to be progressively rehabilitated
     • Surface water management to capture seasonal rain events and divert into managed aquifer/ ground water
         recharge that also forms flood protection infrastructure for climate change resilience.

Procurement of long lead equipment items has commenced. Subject to relevant regulatory and stakeholder
approvals, construction activities are expected to commence in early 2023, with full operation planned for 2024.
Some infrastructure will be brought online in stages to accelerate production growth prior to the completion date.

The Mt Weld capacity expansion is a brownfields project that will be carried out on the existing Mt Weld tenure.
Comprehensive environmental flora and fauna and cultural heritage surveys have already been completed on the
Mt Weld site and will support the environmental approval process.


Lynas Malaysia
Despite ongoing COVID-19, logistics and water supply challenges during the year, Malaysian operations averaged
approximately 81% of Lynas NEXT production capacity which was sufficient to meet the needs of our key customers.




14                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
In the March quarter, record NdPr production of 1,687 tonnes was achieved, including over 600 tonnes of NdPr
production in the month of March for the first time since the pandemic began.

An industrial plan has been developed for the Lynas Malaysia plant for expenditure of capital over the next two to
three years. The planned works include:
   • ongoing works required for the Lynas Malaysia plant to receive and process the mixed rare earth carbonate
       (MREC) feedstock from the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility (including facilities for unloading and
       receiving, sulphate removal and dissolution);
   • the works required in the solvent extraction and product finishing areas to achieve the capacity uplift to 10,500
       tpa NdPr finished product (as announced in the Lynas 2025 strategy in 21 May 2019);
   • repurposing existing equipment to expand range of products; and
   • other efficiency initiatives.

During the year construction commenced on the Malaysian permanent disposal facility (PDF) for WLP residue and
the Malaysian Operating Licence was updated to include a Class G licence for WLP disposal activities to the PDF.


Kalgoorlie
The new Rare Earths Processing Facility in Kalgoorlie is a foundation project of the Lynas growth plan.

There was continued progress on the Facility during the year, including:
   • Receipt of full approvals for construction of the Kalgoorlie Project received in February 2022, allowing
       construction activities at the site to progress.
   • All five kiln drum sections, the four riding rings, sixteen rollers, two main drives and auxiliary drive have been
       lifted into position and assembled. The kiln was rotated under its own power during the final quarter of
       FY2022.
   •   Work on concrete, foundations and frames for key buildings has progressed rapidly.
   •   Tank farm earthworks completed and blinding concrete installed.
   •   Waste Gas Plant foundation construction underway.
   •   The 20,000m3 raw water tank is complete, two 1,700m3 water treatment tanks are complete, and fabrication of
       two 1,300m3 tanks are complete.

The key personnel in the Operational and Maintenance Leadership teams have been recruited and commenced
work.


Lynas USA
In keeping with the Lynas growth plan to have upstream processing close to our resource and downstream
processing close to our customers, Lynas is currently in the planning phase for our proposed U.S. Rare Earths
Separation Facility.
Lynas has now received funding grants from the United States Government for:
   1. Construction of a Heavy Rare Earths separation facility in the United States
       Following successful completion of the Phase 1 contract (contract announced 27 July 2020), Lynas was
       awarded a follow on contract for approximately US$120 million with the U.S. Department of Defense to build
       a commercial Heavy Rare Earths separation facility in the U.S (announced 14 June 2022). Following comple-
       tion of the site selection process, the facility is expected to be located within an existing industrial area on the
       Gulf Coast in Texas. It will house both the Heavy Rare Earths separation facility and the planned Light Rare
       Earth separation facility (announced 22 January 2021).

   2. Construction of a commercial Light Rare Earths separation plant in the United States
       Lynas was awarded a funding contract with U.S. Department of Defense (announced 22 January 2021) for the
       construction of a Light Rare Earths separation facility with funding to be capped at approximately
       US$30 million and Lynas contributing a matching amount.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                            15
Directors’ Report




Malawi deposit
Since fiscal year 2012, no further capital investment has been made on the Kangankunde Rare Earths resource
development in Malawi and the project remains on hold while the Malawi deposit remains the subject of an
ongoing title dispute. As announced on 22 January 2019, the Malawi government has purported to cancel the
Group’s Malawi mining lease and the Group has initiated judicial review proceedings in the Malawi courts chal-
lenging that decision.


Health, Safety and Environment
Lynas is committed to ensuring the Group’s operations in Australia and Malaysia are consistent with national and
international safety and sustainability best practice. Lynas has established extensive processes to ensure that our
operations are safe for employees, safe for the environment and community, and secure for our customers.

The 12-month rolling lost time injury frequency rate as at 30 June 2022 was 0.8 per million hours worked (June 2021:
0.8 per million hours worked). In addition, the 12-month total recordable injury frequency rate at 30 June 2022 was
2.4 per million hours worked (June 2021: 2.1 per million hours worked).

Lynas is proud to report that on 27 April 2022, the Mt Weld operation achieved the milestone of one year LTI free.

Lynas’ well-established health and hygiene protocols have been maintained in both Malaysia and Western Australia
to protect the health and wellbeing of our people and communities. All sites operate with COVID-19 protocols,
including surveillance Rapid Antigen testing, communication and education, disclosure and reporting, hygiene and
required isolation procedures. Protocols in Western Australia and Malaysia adhere to the respective government
directions.

The annual ISO surveillance audits were conducted at Mt Weld and Lynas Malaysia during the year and both sites
were recertified for ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management), ISO 14001:2015 (Environmental Management) and ISO
45011:2018 (Occupational Health and Safety Management). Lynas sites have been certified since 2012. In September
2021, the AELB completed its latest audit of the Lynas Malaysia plant, which achieved a rating of “Very Satisfactory”,
which is the highest performance rating.

As part of Lynas’ commitment to sustainability, in September 2021 the Lynas Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Policy was
introduced and Lynas made a commitment to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Energy transition
initiatives and Greenhouse Gas reduction targets are in development.

In line with our commitment to international environmental best practice, detailed environmental monitoring
since the start of Lynas Malaysia’s operations in Kuantan in 2012 has consistently demonstrated that Lynas Malaysia
is compliant with regulatory requirements and international standards. Information concerning the Company’s
environmental monitoring programs, including monitoring data, is available at www.lynasrareearths.com.



FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
Sales volume, revenue and costs

                                                                                                                 FY22
Sales by tonnage and value                                   FY22         FY21        FY20          FY19     % change

Sales volume                              (REOt)            15,263      16,405        14,172       19,154         (7%)
Cash receipts from customers              (A$m)             855.0        465.4        321.8        367.5         84%

Sales revenue                             (A$m)             920.0        489.0        305.1        363.5         88%
Average selling price                     (A$/kg)            60.3         29.8          21.5         19.0       102%

Cost of sales                             (A$m)            (348.4)      (302.2)       (257.3)      (273.1)        15%



The rare earths market remained strong throughout most of FY2022. There was a slight weakening in demand for
rare earths for NdFeB magnets inside China during the June quarter as a result of COVID-19 related lockdowns in




16                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
several industrial regions in China. However, market prices for rare earths were resilient, especially the NdPr price
which remained between 70% and 80% higher than a year ago.

Lynas continues to receive many approaches from end users seeking to secure their raw material sourcing over the
longer term and is engaged in productive discussions with a number of end users. The NdFeB market continued to
record robust growth, despite many downstream industries dealing with a reduced workforce due to the COVID-19
pandemic and the global shortage of semi-conductors during the period. This market growth supported the strong
demand for Lynas’ NdPr product family and Heavy Rare Earth compound (SEG).

In the longer term, global demand for NdFeB magnets is forecast to grow from 130,000 tonnes of NdFeB magnets
in 2020 to 265,000 tonnes in 2030.

Market prices
The average China domestic price of NdPr (VAT excluded) increased from US$64.7/kg in June 2021 to US$124.0/kg in
June 2022. Future market price trends continue to depend on end product demand (in particular in the automotive
industry).

Lynas has developed an excellent reputation as a reliable supplier of quality products. Lynas has focused on
developing strong customer relationships with strategic customers, primarily outside China. Lynas is the leading
supplier of the NdPr family of products to the Japanese market. Demand from our key customers has consistently
increased over the past few years, with accelerated growth in the last 12 months.


Production volumes

                                                                                                                 FY22
Production volumes                                            FY22         FY21        FY20          FY19    % change

Ready for sale production volume total           (REOt)     15,970        15,761      14,562        19,737          1%
Ready for sale production volume NdPr            (REOt)      5,880         5,461       4,656        5,898          8%


The Lynas Malaysia plant remains focused on delivering nameplate capacity production of NdPr. This result includes
600t of NdPr produced in March 2022, the highest monthly NdPr production since the COVID-19 pandemic.

However, challenges were faced during the year, in particular:
   • Water shortages due to supplier issues limited production at various stages during FY22. While the Lynas
      team has implemented a number of mitigating strategies, the ongoing water shortages from our commercial
      supplier resulted in several complete or partial temporary production halts during the final quarter of FY2022.
      NdPr production was prioritised during this time. In response to the continued water supply difficulties, a
      process modification has been designed with the objective of decreasing our fresh water consumption by
      40%. This modification will be implemented during the first quarter of FY23.
   • Availability of some chemical products was affected by COVID-19 related shipment delays and production
      decreases, especially in China, causing shortages.
   • There was a partial or full shutdown of the cracking and leaching plant for 11 days in the September quarter
      due to the unavailability of personnel who were required to isolate due to an increase in COVID-19 case
      numbers in the Kuantan area. This shutdown period was utilised for major maintenance programs. Product
      finishing of non-NdPr products was also shutdown for 16 days as NdPr production was prioritised with
      available personnel.

Despite these challenges, the team achieved an 8% increase in NdPr production year on year as the COVID-19
situation improved.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                           17
Directors’ Report




Cash and cash flows
                                                                                              FY22             FY21
                                                                                              A$m              A$m

Net operating cash inflows                                                                   460.1             215.1
Net investing cash outflows                                                                  (83.6)          (138.3)
Net financing cash outflows                                                                   (13.8)         405.6

Net cash flows                                                                               362.7           482.4

Impact of foreign exchange                                                                    22.1             (3.3)

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    965.6           580.8

Short term deposits                                                                              –            100.0


Operating cash flows increased significantly as a result of the strong selling price during the period. These
operating cash flows include the payment of $56m to GSSB to construct and manage the Malaysian PDF project.
Net investing cash outflows included the ongoing payments for property plant and equipment in relation to the
Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility project as well as $100.0m of cash transferred from short term deposits.
Finance cash outflows includes US$4.0m (A$5.7m) of principal repayments made on the JARE facility in line with
the loan agreement.


Capital Expenditure
Capital expenditure is expected to be approximately $600 million in FY23 and $600 million in FY24 for sustaining
capital and major growth projects. This includes expenditure in respect of:
     • the completion of the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility;
     • the Mt Weld expansion project to increase concentrate feedstock to produce 12,000 tpa NdPr finished
       product;
     • the Lynas portion in addition to USG funding for the US Light Rare Earth plant;
     • the construction of the offsite PDF in Malaysia;
     • works at the Lynas Malaysia plant to receive and process Mixed Rare Earth Carbonate and increase capacity to
       10,500 tpa NdPr finished product;
     • mining development works at Mt Weld;
     • sustaining capital increases due to increased plant size and preventative maintenance; and
     • other ongoing operational capital expenditure across all Lynas sites.

Debt and Capital
                                                                                              FY22             FY21
                                                                                              A$m              A$m

JARE loan                                                                                    186.8             171.1
Total borrowings                                                                             186.8             171.1

Financial income                                                                               4.6              2.9
Financial expenses                                                                             (9.5)          (14.9)


US$4.0m (A$5.7m) of principal repayments were made on the JARE facility. The balance increased due to the
unwinding of the discounting of the future cash outflows and the weakening of the Australian dollar against the
US dollar through the period. The financial expenses have decreased as $5.8m (FY21: $0.8m) of finance expenses
have been capitalised into the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility project. There have been no changes to the
interest rate on the JARE facility during the period.


18                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
During the year ended 30 June 2022, the Company issued shares as shown below:


                                                                                                              Number
                                                                                                                 ‘000

Shares on issue 30 June 2021                                                                                  901,079
Issue of shares pursuant to exercised performance rights                                                         1,333

Shares on issue 30 June 2022                                                                                 902,412



Performance rights
At 30 June 2022, the Company had the following options and performance rights on issue:


                                                                                                              Number
                                                                                                                 ‘000

Performance rights                                                                                              3,730



Earnings per share

                                                                                                 FY22              FY21
                                                                                               Cents             Cents
For the year ended 30 June                                                                  per share         per share

Basic earnings per share                                                                       59.95            18.08
Diluted earnings per share                                                                     59.70             17.99



Dividends
There were no dividends declared or paid during the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: nil) and no dividends have
been declared or paid since 30 June 2022.


Risk management
The Group takes a proactive approach to risk management. The Directors are responsible for ensuring that risks and
opportunities are identified on a timely basis and that the Group’s objectives and activities are aligned with these
risks and opportunities.

The Group believes it is crucial for Directors to be part of this process, and has established an Audit, Risk and ESG
Committee and a Health, Safety and Environment Committee.

Lynas Rare Earths has a Risk Management Policy and a Risk Management Framework for oversight and manage-
ment of material business risks.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                           19
Directors’ Report




FACTORS AND BUSINESS RISKS THAT AFFECT FUTURE
PERFORMANCE
Lynas operates in a changing environment and is therefore subject to factors and business risks that will affect
future performance. Lynas has a Risk Management Policy and a Risk Management Framework for oversight and
management of material business risks.

We identify risks, then evaluate the inherent risk of an activity and the mitigation required. Risk assessments are
updated by operations and management and reported to the Board of Directors.

In FY21, the Lynas Board commissioned an external risk assurance mapping exercise aligned to the Board’s risk
appetite to support decision making relating to resource and capital allocation. In FY22, a review of risk manage-
ment systems and processes was undertaken with the objective of enhancing risk based decision making.

Set out below are the principal risks and uncertainties that could have a material effect on Lynas’ future results, both
operationally and financially. It is not possible to determine the likelihood of these risks occurring with any certainty.
In the event that one or more of these risks materialise, Lynas’ reputation, strategy, business, operations, financial
condition and future performance could be materially and adversely affected. There may also be other risks that are
currently unknown or are deemed immaterial, but which may subsequently become known and/or material. These
may individually or in aggregate adversely affect Lynas.


1.        Impact of COVID-19 and general economic conditions
In light of global macroeconomic events, including the impact of COVID-19, it is likely that some of the countries
in which Lynas operates will experience an economic recession or downturn of uncertain severity and duration.
These economic disruptions could have a material adverse effect on Lynas’ operating and financial position and
performance and could affect the price of Lynas shares.
Additionally, the events relating to COVID-19 have resulted in significant market changes and volatility of supply and
demand. The outbreak and its impacts continue to evolve and outcomes are uncertain and dependent upon many
factors beyond Lynas’ control.
Many of the risks highlighted in further detail below may be heightened due to the impacts of the COVID-19
pandemic. There continues to be considerable uncertainty as to the further short- and long-term impact of
COVID-19 including in relation to governmental responses, international trade impacts, potential taxation changes,
work stoppages, lockdowns, quarantines, travel restrictions and the impact on the global economy and share
markets.
The potential effects of these possible outcomes on Lynas include:
     • closure of and/or reduced capacity at Lynas’ plants and facilities;
     • delays or interruption in supply chains leading to an inability to obtain raw materials, finished products or
       components, or to distribute products to customers;
     • health outcomes for Lynas’ employees or its customers’ employees, which could result in the closure of a
       plant or facility for a period and could adversely affect the availability of technically equipped and qualified
       personnel needed to conduct certain operations;
     • a reduction in processing of downstream products and production of end-products that utilize Lynas’ Rare
       Earths or other industrial activity, leading to a decrease in demand for Lynas’ Rare Earths;
     • counterparty non-performance or claims under existing contractual arrangements;
     • insolvency of counterparties (including customers);
     • delays of projects with large associated capital spend, deferral of discretionary capital spend and impact on
       valuation of assets;
     • disruptions to international trade resulting from policies developed by governments in response to COVID-19
       or as a result of disputes or disagreements amongst governments on matters relating directly or indirectly to
       COVID-19.




20                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
2        Operational risks
2.1      Rare earth prices
Lynas’ revenue is affected by market fluctuations in Rare Earth prices. This is because the product prices used in the
majority of Lynas’ sales are calculated by pricing formulae that reference published pricing for various Rare Earths
materials. The market price has been volatile in the past because it is influenced by numerous factors and events
that are beyond the control of Lynas. These include:
    • Supply side factors: Supply side factors are a significant influence on price volatility for Rare Earth materials.
      Supply of Rare Earth materials is dominated by Chinese producers. The China Central Government regulates
      production via quotas and environmental standards. Over the past few years, there has been significant
      restructuring of the Chinese market in line with China Central government policy. However, periods of
      restricted supply, over supply or speculative trading of Rare Earths can lead to significant fluctuations in
      Rare Earth pricing.
    • Demand side factors: Demand side factors are also a significant influence on price volatility for Rare Earth
      materials. Demand for end-products that utilise Lynas’ Rare Earths including internal combustion vehicles,
      hybrid vehicles, electric vehicles and electronic devices fluctuates due to factors including global economic
      trends, regulatory developments and consumer trends.
    • Geopolitical factors: Recently Rare Earths have been the focus of significant attention, including as a result
      of supply chain issues highlighted by the COVID-19 pandemic.

The table below illustrates how China domestic prices of NdPr (excluding VAT) have moved over FY22:


                                September 2021          December 2021                March 2022                June 2022
                                      Quarter                Quarter                    Quarter                  Quarter

US$/kg                                           80                 106                      139                      120


Lynas’ approach to reducing pricing volatility for its customers includes:
    • Promoting fixed pricing to some customers, set for periods relevant to customer operations;
    • Developing long term contracts that aim to reduce price variations for end users and OEMs such as car
      makers and wind turbine manufacturers.

Lynas achieved a small price premium compared to the NdPr market price, supported by:
    • Sustained demand from the Japanese market and selected customers in China;
    • The recognition by the market that Lynas is now well established as the only supplier of scale of separated
      Rare Earths outside China;
    • End users placing more importance on being able to trace the origin of rare earths from an ethical and
      environmentally responsible source of production to their end products, which Lynas can provide.

Strong Rare Earth prices, as well as real or perceived disruptions in supply, may create economic incentives to
identify or create alternate technologies that ultimately could depress future long-term demand for Rare Earths.
This may, at the same time, incentivise the development of additional mining properties to produce Rare Earths.
If industries reduce their reliance on Rare Earth products, the resulting change in demand could have a material
adverse effect on Lynas’ business. In particular, if prices or demand for Rare Earths were to decline, this could impair
Lynas’ ability to obtain financing for current or additional projects and its ability to find purchasers for its products at
prices acceptable to Lynas.

It is impossible to predict future Rare Earths price movements with certainty. Any sustained low Rare Earths prices
or further declines in the price of Rare Earths, including as a result of periods of over-supply and/or speculative
trading of Rare Earths, will adversely affect Lynas’ business, results of operations and its ability to finance planned
capital expenditures, including development projects.

2.2      Market competition
Lynas Rare Earths supply contracts and profits may be adversely affected by the introduction of new mining and
separation facilities and any increase in competition in the global Rare Earths market, either of which could increase
the global supply of Rare Earths. If this is at a rate faster than demand growth it could potentially lead to lower prices.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                              21
Directors’ Report




2.3     Exchange rates
Lynas is exposed to fluctuations in the US dollar as all sales are denominated in US dollars. Lynas borrows money
and holds a portion of cash in US dollars, which provides Lynas with a partial natural hedge. Accordingly, Lynas’
income from customers, and the value of its business, will be affected by fluctuations in the rate by which the
US dollar is exchanged with the Chinese Renminbi and the Australian dollar.

Lynas is exposed to fluctuations in the Malaysian ringgit (MYR), which is the currency that dominates Lynas’ cash
operating outflows in Malaysia. In addition, most of Lynas’ non-current assets are Lynas Malaysia assets which are
denominated in MYR.

Adverse movements in the Australian dollar against the US dollar and the MYR may have an adverse impact on
Lynas’ financial position and operating results. The following table shows the average USD/AUD and MYR/AUD
exchange rates over the past five years:


                         30 June 2022        30 June 2021        30 June 2020        30 June 2019        30 June 2018
                                    $                   $                   $                   $                   $

USD/AUD                        0.7258              0.7468              0.6714               0.7156              0.7391
MYR/AUD                        3.0698              3.0806              2.8233               2.9521             2.9837


In-China market prices for Rare Earths are denominated in the Chinese Renminbi. A devaluation in the Chinese
Renminbi would increase attractiveness in Chinese exports and China’s internal supply. Fluctuation in the Chinese
Renminbi against the US Dollar therefore also increases the foreign exchange exposure on Lynas.

2.4     Operational and development risks
Lynas’ operations and development activities could be affected by various unforeseen events and circumstances,
such as hazards in exploration, the ability of third parties to meet their commitments in accordance with
contractual arrangements, and the delivery and grades of ore and performance of processing facilities at design
specification. Factors such as these may result in increased costs, lower production levels and, following on from
that, lower revenue levels. Any negative outcomes flowing from these operational risks could have an adverse effect
on Lynas’ business, financial condition, profitability and performance.

2.5     Nature of mining
Mineral mining involves risks, which even with a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may
not be able to be fully mitigated. Mining operations are subject to hazards normally encountered in exploration and
mining. These include unexpected geological formations, rock falls, flooding, dam wall failure and other incidents
or conditions which could result in damage to plant or equipment, which may cause a material adverse impact on
Lynas’ operations and its financial results. Projects may not proceed to plan with potential for delay in the timing of
targeted output, and Lynas may not achieve the level of targeted mining output. Mining output levels may also be
affected by factors beyond Lynas’ control.

2.6     Mineral and ore reserves
No assurance can be given that the anticipated tonnages and grades of ore will be achieved during production or
that the anticipated level of recovery will be realised. Mineral resource and ore reserve estimates are based upon
estimates made by Lynas personnel and independent consultants. Estimates are inherently uncertain and are
based on geological interpretations and inferences drawn from drilling results and sampling analyses. There is no
certainty that any mineral resources or ore reserves identified by Lynas will be realised, that any anticipated level
of recovery of minerals will be realised, or that an identified ore reserve or mineral resource will be a commercially
mineable (or viable) deposit which can be legally and economically exploited.
Further, the grade of mineralisation which may ultimately be mined may differ materially from what is predicted.
The quantity and resulting valuation of ore reserves and mineral resources may also vary depending on, amongst
others, metal prices, cut-off grades and estimates of future operating costs (which may be inaccurate). Production
can be affected by many factors. Any material change in the quantity of ore resources, mineral reserves, grade, or
stripping ratio may affect the economic viability of any project undertaken by Lynas.
Lynas’ estimated mineral resources and ore reserves should not be interpreted as assurances of commercial viability
or potential or of the profitability of any future operations. Investors should be cautioned not to place undue reli-
ance on any estimates made by Lynas. Lynas cannot be certain that its mineral resource and ore reserve estimates



22                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
are accurate and cannot guarantee that it will recover the expected quantities of metals. Future production could
differ dramatically from such estimates for the following reasons:
   • actual mineralisation or Rare Earth grade could be different from those predicted by drilling, sampling,
       feasibility or technical reports;
   •   increases in the capital or operating costs of the mine;
   •   decreases in Rare Earth oxide prices;
   •   changes in the life-of-mine plan;
   •   the grade of Rare Earths may vary over the life of a Lynas project and Lynas cannot give any assurances that
       any particular mineral reserve estimate will ultimately be recovered; or
   • metallurgical performance could differ from forecast.

The occurrence of any of these events may cause Lynas to adjust its mineral resource and reserve estimates or
change its mining plans. This could negatively affect Lynas’ financial condition and results of operations. Moreover,
short-term factors, such as the need for additional development of any Lynas project or the processing of new or
different grades, may adversely affect Lynas.

Lynas reports its mineral resources and ore reserves in accordance with the Australian Code for Reporting of
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (“JORC Code”).

2.7       Processing operations
Lynas’ operations are subject to the operating risks associated with Rare Earth processing, including performance of
processing facilities, and the related risks associated with storage and transportation of raw materials, products and
residues. These operating risks have the potential to cause personal injury, property damage and environmental
contamination, and may result in the shutdown of affected facilities and in business interruption and the imposition
of civil or criminal penalties, and negatively impact the reputation of Lynas.
The hazards associated with Lynas’ mining and processing operations and the related storage and transportation of
products and residues include:
   •   pipeline and storage tank leaks and ruptures;
   •   explosions and fires;
   •   mechanical failures; and
   •   chemical spills and other discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases.

These hazards may cause personal injury and loss of life, damage to property and contamination of the environ-
ment, which may result in suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, including
fines, expenses for remediation and claims brought by governmental entities or third parties. Although Lynas has
detailed and closely managed plans to mitigate these risks and maintains property, business interruption and
casualty insurance of types and in the amounts that it believes is customary for the chemicals industry, Lynas is not
fully insured against all potential hazards incidental to its businesses.

2.8       Availability of key inputs, Including water
The Mt Weld Concentration Plant and the Lynas Malaysia Plant rely on the ready availability of key inputs, including
chemical reagents, water, electricity and gas. Any inability of Lynas to obtain such inputs in sufficient quantities on
a timely basis could materially adversely affect Lynas’ operations. For example, the insolvency of key suppliers may
adversely affect the availability of chemical reagents. In addition, the water supply to the Mt Weld Concentration
Plant is primarily sourced from a local aquifer supplemented by recycling, and the water supply to the Lynas
Malaysia plant is primarily sourced from the local Kuantan water supply infrastructure, supplemented by recycling.
Reductions in water availability from those sources, for example due to changes in weather patterns or failures of
infrastructure, could materially adversely affect the availability of water to the Lynas operations.

2.9       Supply chain and counterparty risk
Lynas is dependent on contractors and suppliers to supply vital goods and services to its operations, including for
the supply of chemicals and other materials. Lynas is therefore exposed to the possibility of adverse developments
in the business environments of its contractors and suppliers, including in respect of the ability of those contractors
and suppliers to meet their commitments under sales contracts. Any disruption to services or supplies may have an
adverse effect on Lynas’ financial business and financial condition.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                        23
Directors’ Report




2.10    Reliance on key personnel
Lynas’ execution capacity is substantially attributable to the role played by a group of its senior management and
key employees. Lynas’ future success depends significantly on the full involvement of these key executives and
employees and its ability to continue to retain and recruit high-level personnel. The loss of key employees could
significantly affect Lynas’ operations.

In addition, industrial and labour disputes, work stoppages and accidents, and logistical and engineering difficulties
may also have an adverse effect on Lynas’ profitability and share price.

2.11    Customer risks
Lynas’ revenue is dependent on continuing sales to its key customers, many of whom require delivery to specific
timetables of products that comply with detailed specifications. The loss of key customers could significantly affect
Lynas’ business, for example due to disputes with customers, customers switching to other suppliers or technolo-
gies, or customer businesses being adversely affected by events outside the control of Lynas, including customer
insolvency or declining markets for the end-products of customers.

2.12    Industry Trends, including changes in technology
Changes in technology, including switches to renewable energy sources, present both opportunities and risks to
the Lynas business. As technologies and consumer trends continue to evolve, new competing technologies may
emerge that may reduce demand for Lynas Rare Earth products. Any significant trends away from technologies
that utilise Lynas Rare Earths products could materially adversely affect the Lynas business.

2.13    Project development risks
Lynas is undertaking significant and complex construction projects, primarily related to the new Lynas Rare
Earth facility in Kalgoorlie. Construction projects are subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside the
control of Lynas, including project delays and cost overruns, disputes with contractors, insolvency of contractors,
problems with design, delays in commissioning or ramp-up and new facilities not performing in accordance with
expectations.


3.      Regulatory, legal and environmental risks
3.1     General regulatory risks
Lynas’ business is subject, in each of the countries in which Lynas operates, to various national and local laws and
regulations relating to the mining, production, marketing, pricing, transportation and storage of Lynas’ products
and residues. A change in the legislative and administrative regimes, taxation laws, interest rates, and other legal
and government policies may have an adverse effect on the assets, operations and ultimately the financial perfor-
mance of Lynas and the market price of Lynas shares. Other changes in the regulatory environment (including
applicable accounting standards) may have a material adverse effect on the carrying value of material assets or
otherwise have a material adverse effect on Lynas’ business and financial condition.

3.2     Licences, permits, approvals, consents and authorisations
Lynas’ mining and production activities are dependent on the granting and maintenance of appropriate licences,
permits, approvals, and regulatory consents and authorisations (including those related to interests in mining tene-
ments and those related to the operation of the Lynas plants in Australia and Malaysia), which may not be granted
or may be withdrawn or be made subject to limitations at the discretion of government or regulatory authorities.
Although such licences, permits, approvals and regulatory consents and authorisations may be granted, continued
or renewed (as the case may be), there can be no assurance that such licences, permits, approvals and regulatory
consents and authorisations will be granted, continued or renewed as a matter of course, or as to the terms of
renewals or grants, including that new conditions, or new interpretations of existing conditions, will not be imposed
in connection therewith. Whether such licences, permits, approvals and regulatory consents and authorisations
may be granted, continued or renewed (as the case may be) often depends on Lynas being successful in obtaining
the required statutory approvals for proposed activities. If there is a failure to obtain or retain the appropriate
licences, permits, approvals and regulatory consents and authorisations, or if there is a material delay in obtaining
or renewing them or they are granted subject to onerous conditions or withdrawn, then Lynas’ ability to conduct its
mining and production activities may be adversely affected.




24                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
3.3      Political risks and government actions
Lynas’ operations could be affected by government actions in Australia, Malaysia and other countries or jurisdictions
in which it has interests. Lynas is subject to the risk that it may not be able to carry out its operations as it intends,
including because of a change in government, legislation, guidelines, regulation or policy, including in relation to
the environment, the Rare Earths sector, competition policy, native title and cultural heritage. Such changes could
affect land access, the granting of licences and other tenements, the approval of developments and freedom to
conduct operations.

The possible extent of introduction of additional legislation, regulations, guidelines or amendments to existing
legislation that might affect Lynas’ business is difficult to predict. Any such government action may require
increased capital or operating expenditures and could prevent or delay certain operations by Lynas, which could
have a material adverse effect on Lynas’ business and financial condition.

Lynas also may not be able to ensure the security of its assets located outside Australia, and is subject to risks of,
among other things, loss of revenue, property and equipment as a result of hazards such as expropriation, war,
insurrection and acts of terrorism and other political risks and increases in taxes and government royalties. The
effects of these factors are difficult to predict and any combination of one or other of the above may have a material
adverse effect on Lynas’ business and financial position.

3.4      Malaysian regulatory matters
Without limiting the generality of the risks specified above in this section, as announced on 27 February 2020, the
Malaysian Atomic Energy Licensing Board (AELB) has renewed the current operating licence for the Lynas Malaysia
plant for three years expiring March 2023, subject to the following ongoing key conditions:
   • Lynas must submit a work development plan for the construction of the PDF and report on its development
      status as determined by the AELB.
   • Lynas must ensure that the Cracking and Leaching plant outside Malaysia is in operation before July 2023.
      After that period, Lynas will no longer be allowed to import raw materials containing Naturally Occurring
      Radioactive Material (NORM) into Malaysia.
   • Holding of the financial deposit will be maintained for compliance with the relevant licence conditions.
To the extent that Lynas does not, or is unable to, comply with relevant licence conditions including the key condi-
tions specified above, and/or comply with licence conditions within the timeframes prescribed, then Lynas’ licences
and approvals may be revoked. Government action, including legal action, may be also taken by or at the direction
of the Malaysian government in order to ensure that the terms and conditions of Lynas’ licences and approvals are
complied with to levels satisfactory to, and within the timeframes prescribed by, the Malaysian government.

3.5      Environmental risks
Lynas’ activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations controlling not only the mining of, exploration for
and processing of Rare Earths, but also the possible effects of such activities upon the environment and interests
of local communities. In the context of obtaining environmental permits, including the approval of reclamation
plans, Lynas must comply with known standards, existing laws and regulations which may entail greater or lesser
costs and delays depending on the nature of the activity to be permitted and how stringently the regulations are
implemented by the permitting authority. With increasingly heightened government and public sensitivity to
environmental sustainability, environmental regulation is becoming more stringent, and Lynas could be subject
to increasing environmental responsibility and liability, including laws and regulations dealing with air quality,
water and noise pollution and other discharges of materials into the environment, plant and wildlife protection,
the reclamation and restoration of certain of its properties, greenhouse gas emissions, the storage, treatment and
disposal of residues and the effects of its business on the water table and groundwater quality.

Sanctions for non-compliance with these laws and regulations may include administrative, civil and criminal penal-
ties, revocation of permits and corrective action orders. These laws sometimes apply retroactively. In addition, a
party can be liable for environmental damage without regard to that party’s negligence or fault. Given the sensitive
nature of this area, Lynas may be exposed to litigation and foreseen and unforeseen compliance and rehabilitation
costs despite its best efforts.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                         25
Directors’ Report




3.6       Climate change risks
Climate change and the rapidly evolving response to it may lead to a number of risks, including but not limited to:
     • Increased political, policy and legal risks (e.g. the introduction of regulatory changes aimed at reducing the
       impact of, or addressing climate change, including reducing or limiting carbon emissions);
     • Increased capital and operational costs, including increased costs of inputs and raw materials; and
     • Technological change and reputational risks associated with Lynas’ conduct.

Climate change may also result in more extreme weather events and physical impacts on Lynas due to the energy
intensive nature of Lynas’ operations, and Lynas’ current reliance on fossil fuels for mining and processing activities.
To mitigate this risk, and meet customer demand for sustainable production, Lynas is committed to transitioning to
a hybrid energy solution for our Mt Weld Mine and Concentration Plant, including renewable energy.

3.7       Disposal of residues
At the Mt Weld Mine and Concentration Plant, the Lynas Malaysia Plant, and the new Lynas Kalgoorlie Rare Earths
Processing Plant, Lynas operations generate/will generate residue materials in the form of solids, liquids and
gases. Lynas has appropriate plans in place for the treatment, sale or disposal of each of those residues. Failure to
implement those plans could have a material effect on Lynas’ licensing conditions and may adversely affect its
operations.

3.8       Community acceptance and reputation
Lynas recognises that a strong mutual relationship with each community in which it operates is a pre-condition to
successful operations. Failure to maintain those relationships and the acceptance by those communities may have
an adverse effect on Lynas’ operations.

In addition, Lynas recognises the importance of maintaining its reputation with its stakeholders including share-
holders, regulatory authorities, communities, customers and suppliers. Failure to maintain its reputation with some
or all stakeholders may have a negative effect on the future performance of Lynas.

3.9       Legal action
As announced on 29 July 2021, the judicial review application lodged in Malaysia by the anti-Lynas activists
challenging the processes followed during the August 2019 renewal of the Lynas Malaysia operating licence was
dismissed with a costs order made in favour of Lynas. As announced on 23 August 2021, a notice of appeal has been
lodged by the anti-Lynas activists challenging the dismissal of the judicial review application.

It is possible that in the future, Lynas could be exposed to other litigation or proceedings, either from shareholders,
financiers, regulators or members of the communities in which Lynas operates.

3.10      Health and safety
Lynas is subject to extensive laws and regulation in respect of the health and safety of its people and communities,
and the protection and rehabilitation of the environments within which it operates. Lynas must comply with known
standards, existing laws and regulations which may entail greater or lesser costs and delays depending on the
nature of the activity to be permitted and the implementation of the regulations by the permitting authority.

3.11      Tax risks
Lynas is subject to taxation and other imposts in Australia, Malaysia and other countries or jurisdictions in which it
has interests. In addition to the normal level of income tax imposed on all industries, companies in the resources
sector are required to pay government royalties, direct and indirect taxes and other imposts. The profitability of
companies in these industries can be affected by changes in government taxation and royalty policies or in the
interpretation or application of such policies. Further, changes in tax law, or changes in the way tax law is expected
to be interpreted, in the various jurisdictions in which Lynas operates, may affect the tax liabilities of Lynas.


4.        Financial risks
4.1       Debt facilities and covenants
Lynas has financing arrangements in place which are subject to acceleration and enforcement rights in the event
of a default. To date, the Japan Australia Rare Earths B.V. (JARE) loan facility has been secured over all the assets of
Lynas, other than Malaysia and Malawi assets.



26                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
Enforcement may involve enforcement of security over the assets of Lynas and its material subsidiaries, including
appointing a receiver. The principal amount of the JARE facility was US$141m as at 30 June 2022. The principal
amount will be due for repayment in fixed loan repayments between 31 December 2022 and 30 June 2030.

In the event significant uncertainty arises in relation to Lynas’ ability to fully repay, refinance or reschedule the
outstanding balances of the JARE loan facility by the maturity date of 30 June 2030, Lynas’ ability to continue as a
going concern may also be affected.

In addition, Lynas’ existing debt facilities are subject to a range of covenants. A failure to comply with any of these
debt covenants may require Lynas to seek amendments, waivers of covenant compliance or alternative borrowing
arrangements. There is no assurance that its lenders would consent to such an amendment or waiver in the event
of non-compliance, or that such consent would not be conditional upon the receipt of a cash payment, revised
payout terms, increased interest rates, or restrictions in the expansion of debt facilities in the foreseeable future, or
that its lenders would not exercise rights that would be available to them, including among other things, calling an
event of default and demanding immediate payment of outstanding borrowings. If such a demand was made and
appropriate forbearance or refinance arrangements could not be reached, Lynas may not have sufficient available
funds to meet that demand.

4.2      Funding risk
Lynas’ existing debt facility agreements restrict its ability to incur further debt except in certain circumstances.
Should Lynas experience a protracted decline in earnings, there is a possibility that the quantum of debt and/or
equity funding available to Lynas would not be sufficient to execute its strategy (including its development of large
scale projects) which could have a negative impact on the future financial performance or position of Lynas.


5.       General risks
5.1      General economic conditions
Lynas’ operating performance and financial performance is influenced by a variety of general economic and busi-
ness conditions including the level of inflation, interest rates, exchange rates and government fiscal, monetary and
regulatory policies. Prolonged deterioration in general economic conditions, including an increase in interest rates
or decrease in consumer and business demand, could be expected to have an adverse impact on Lynas’ business,
results of operations or financial condition and performance.

5.2      Accounting standards
Accounting standards may change. This may affect the reporting earnings of Lynas and its financial position from
time to time. Lynas has previously and will continue to assess and disclose, when known, the effect of adopting new
accounting standards in its periodic financial reporting.

5.3      Force majeure events
Events may occur within or outside Lynas’ key markets that could affect global economies and the operations
of Lynas. The events include, but are not limited, to acts of terrorism, an outbreak of international hostilities, fires,
floods, earthquakes, changes in weather patterns or other severe weather events, labour strikes, civil wars, natural
disasters, outbreaks of disease or other natural or man-made events or occurrences that can have an adverse effect
on market conditions, the demand for Lynas’ product offering and services and Lynas’ ability to conduct business.

5.4      Cyber security
Cyber security risks are increasing in the external environment. Cyber security risks include computer viruses
targeting IT systems, unauthorised access, cyber-attack (either targeted at Lynas for financial gain or due to
geopolitical matters), social media disinformation campaigns and other similar matters. A cyber event may lead to
adverse impacts on Lynas’ operations and financial performance.


6.       Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
6.1      Climate Governance
ESG, including climate-related risks and opportunities, is overseen by the Board on recommendations from the
Audit, Risk & ESG Committee and the executive. At an executive level, the Lynas Leadership Team is responsible for
ESG strategy and oversight, including climate-related risks and opportunities.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                          27
Directors’ Report




In FY2022, key initiatives undertake to enhance climate-related governance included:
     • Lynas made a commitment to the Science Based Targets initiative in September 2021.
     • The company’s Greenhouse Gas Policy was launched in September 2021.
     • To deliver on the Greenhouse Gas Policy action to consider greenhouse gas emissions as part of business
        strategy and decision-making, the capital expenditure approval process was updated to include the inte-
        gration of a Life Cycle Assessment of Greenhouse Gas emissions as part of all capital expenditure requests,
        including for major growth projects.
     • Continued progress on climate-related strategies and reporting across all sites.
     • Continued R&D and external engagement, including with customers, partners, suppliers and academic
        institutions.
     • Continued work to assess and develop science-based GHG reduction targets, with the objective of limiting the
        global temperature increase to 1.5°C.


6.2        Climate Strategy
Climate-related risks are integrated into company risk management processes.

Material climate-related issues at Lynas’ operating sites are outlined below:
        Site                                         Climate-related issues
        Lynas Malaysia, Gebeng, Malaysia             Rising temperature/heatwave frequency
        Mt Weld, Western Australia                   Water scarcity

According to the World Bank’s Climate Risk Report, from 1970 to 2013, Peninsular Malaysia, Sabah and Sarawak
regions experienced surface mean temperature increase of 0.14°C–0.25°C per decade and the frequency and
intensity of heat waves in Malaysia is forecast to increase significantly due to a warming climate1.

Australia is recognised as the driest inhabited continent. In the remote area of Western Australia where Lynas
operates, rainfall is already scarce and there is a recognition that the state is likely to become drier2.

In FY2022, Lynas developed new plans and implemented strategies to address material climate-related issues.

In Malaysia, extensive work was undertaken to reduce room temperature in the product finishing area of the
Lynas Malaysia plant, by improving natural ventilation and installing a new roofing and a roof turbine ventilator.
These changes were effective in reducing the heat impact on staff by lowering indoor temperatures and this work
remains a focus of our continuous improvement program. From a water supply perspective, a process modification
has been designed with the objective of decreasing our fresh water consumption by 40%. This modification will be
implemented during the July 2022 quarter.

In Western Australia, key initiatives of the Mt Weld expansion plan announced on 3 August 2022 are designed to
address water scarcity. This includes a state-of-the-art high recovery water recycling circuit from the tailings dam
and an additional bore water desalination plant. In addition, Lynas plans to implement surface water management
to capture seasonal rain events and divert into managed aquifer/ ground water recharge that also forms flood
protection infrastructure for climate change resilience. To address Greenhouse Gas emissions, a staged transition
from diesel fuelled power generation to gas and then hybrid renewable power generation is also planned.

6.3        Climate Risk Management
Lynas’ actively manages climate-related risks through ongoing assessment and monitoring, undertaking Life Cycle
Assessments as part of all new capital expenditure requests, and by ensuring that climate-related risks and oppor-
tunities are considered as part of business strategy and planning.

The processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the Lynas risk
management framework.




1
     https://climateknowledgeportal.worldbank.org/sites/default/files/2021-08/15868-WB_Malaysia%20Country%20Profile-WEB.pdf
2
     https://www.climatechangeinaustralia.gov.au/en/changing-climate/state-climate-statements/western-australia/




28                                                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
Climate-related risks and opportunities have been identified and include:

   Transition risks                  • Existing and emerging regulatory requirements: Increased political, policy and
                                        legal risks such as the introduction of regulatory changes to reduce or address
                                        the impact of climate change, including reducing or limiting Greenhouse Gas
                                        emissions
                                     • Costs: Increased capital and operational costs including higher cost inputs
                                        and raw materials; investment in new low emissions technologies; cost of
                                        complying with changes to emissions regulations
                                     • Technology: Technological changes to address the effects of climate change
                                        that may result in decreased demand for Lynas’ products
                                     • Reputation: Reputational risks associated with Lynas’ conduct

   Physical risks                    • More extreme weather events causing physical impacts on Lynas facilities and
                                        people
                                     • Water scarcity requiring additional investment in water recycling and identifi-
                                        cation of new water sources
                                     • Current reliance on fossil fuels and investment required to transition to cleaner
                                        energy sources


   Opportunities                     • Lynas’ unique position as the only scale producer of separated rare earth
                                        materials outside of China means that the company has an important role to
                                        play in providing key inputs to green technologies designed to limit the effects
                                        of climate change, including for NdFeB motors used in direct drive wind
                                        turbines, and in hybrid and electric vehicles.



6.4      Metrics and Targets
Lynas monitors and reports on total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions in line with the GHG Protocol and
Australia’s National Greenhouse Energy Reporting (NGER). Lynas continues to work to develop its reporting on
Scope 3 categories.

Company-wide total Scope 1 and 2 emissions for 2020-2022 financial years are as follows:


Greenhouse Gas Emissions (in metric tonnes of CO2 equivalents) (t CO2-e)

Reporting Year                                                 FY18         FY19        FY20         FY21          FY22

Mt Weld                                          Scope 1      27,726      23,693        21,137      19,697      25,649
                                                 Scope 2           –           –            –            –            –

Kalgoorlie                                       Scope 1           –           –            –            –          956
                                                 Scope 2           –           –            –            –            –

Malaysia                                         Scope 1      34,071      34,071       32,634       39,951      40,807
                                                 Scope 2     45,407       49,544       43,387       43,917      42,831

Total                                            Scope 1      61,797      60,245       53,771      59,648        67,412
                                                 Scope 2     45,407       49,544       43,387       43,917      42,831
                                                 Scope 1+2   107,204      110,179      97,159      103,565      110,243


Scope 1 and Scope 2 intensity targets were set for FY2020 and FY2021. The FY2020 intensity target was a reduction
of CO2 emissions across both operating sites by 2020 to 10% below 2018 levels. The 2021 intensity target was a



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                        29
Directors’ Report




reduction of CO2 emissions across both operating sites to 10% below 2019 levels. These targets were not met due
to COVID-19 related temporary production shutdowns in FY20 and operation at 75% of production capacity in FY21.
However, on an absolute basis, CO2 emissions were lower in FY20 and FY21 than in previous years.

Lynas committed to the Science Based Targets initiative in September 2021 and the company is working to assess
and develop science-based GHG reduction targets with the objective of limiting the global temperature increase
to 1.5°C.



BASIS OF REPORT
The report is based on the guidelines in The Group 100 Incorporated publication Guide to the Review of Operations
and Financial Condition.



ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is bound by the requirements and guidelines of the relevant environmental protection authorities
for the management and rehabilitation of mining tenements owned or previously owned by the Group. Mining
tenements are being maintained and rehabilitated following these guidelines. The Group is also bound by the
requirements of its operating licence in Malaysia. There have been no known breaches of any of these requirements
and guidelines.

We continue to focus on ensuring positive relationships with regulators and local communities, and compliance
with regulatory requirements in both jurisdictions in which we operate.



SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE STATE OF AFFAIRS
Except as disclosed in the review of operations, the factors and business risks that affect future performance and
the subsequent events, there have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group during the year
ended 30 June 2022.



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
The Corporate Governance Statement of the Group, current on the date that the Directors’ Report is signed in
accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to s.298 (2) of the Corporations Act 2001, is located on the
Group’s website, www.lynasrareearths.com.



SHARES ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
During the financial year 1,332,975 Performance Rights were exercised as set out in Note E.7 to the Financial
Statements.



INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
During or since the end of the financial year, the Group has paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring all
Directors and Officers of the Group against liabilities incurred as a Director or Officer of the Group, to the extent
permitted by the Corporations Act 2001, that arise because of the following:
     (a)   a wilful breach of duty; or
     (b)   a contravention of sections 182 or 183 of the Corporations Act 2001, as permitted by section 199B of the
           Corporations Act 2001.

The insurance contract prohibits disclosure of the premiums payable under the contract. The premiums are
not included as part of the Directors’ remuneration in Section H of the Remuneration Report or Note E.7 to the
Financial Statements.




30                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
NON-AUDIT SERVICES
.

During the year Ernst & Young, the Group’s auditor, has performed certain other services in addition to the audit
and review of the Financial Statements.
Details of amounts paid or payable to the auditor for non-audit services provided during the year are outlined
in Note E.3 to the Financial Statements. The Directors have considered the non-audit services provided during
the year by the auditor, and are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services by the auditor during the year is
compatible with, and did not compromise, the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001
for the following reasons:
    • All non-audit services were subject to the corporate governance procedures adopted by the Group and have
       been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure they do not impact the integrity and objectivity of
       the auditor; and
    • The non-audit services provided do not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as
       set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, as they did not involve reviewing or auditing
       the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision making capacity for the Group, acting as an
       advocate for the Group or jointly sharing risks and rewards.



INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF AUDITOR
During or since the end of the financial year, the Group entered into an agreement with its auditors, Ernst & Young,
indemnifying them against any claims by third parties arising from their report on the Annual Financial Report,
except where the liability arises out of conduct involving a lack of good faith. No payment has been made to
indemnify Ernst & Young during or since the financial year.



COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP
During the financial year, the Group had the following Committees of the Board of Directors: Audit, Risk & ESG
Committee, Health, Safety & Environment Committee, and Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee.

Directors acting on the Committees of the Board during the year ended 30 June 2022:

                                             Health, Safety                       Nomination,
    Audit, Risk & ESG                        & Environment                        Remuneration & Community

    G. Murdoch(c)                            P. Etienne(c)                        J. Humphrey(c)
    P. Etienne                               K. Conlon                            K. Conlon
    J. Humphrey                              V. Guthrie                           G. Murdoch, V. Guthrie


(c) Chair of Committee


As summarised in the Corporate Governance Statement, the Audit & Risk Committee consists of independent
Directors.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                          31
Directors’ Report




The number of Directors’ meetings held during the year and the number of Board and Board committee meetings:

                                                                                                    Nomination,
                                            Directors’        Audit, Risk    Health, Safety &    Remuneration &
                                            Meetings              & ESG        Environment          Community

Number of meetings held:                            9                  6                   5                   4

Number of meetings attended:
A. Lacaze                                           9                  6                   5                   4
K. Conlon                                           9                  6                   5                   4
P. Etienne                                          9                  6                   5                   4
V. Guthrie                                          8                  6                   4                   4
J. Humphrey                                         9                  6                   5                   4
G. Murdoch                                          9                  6                   5                   4



AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
We have obtained an independence declaration from our auditors, Ernst & Young, which follows the Directors’
Declaration.



ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS
The Company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191 issued by the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission, in relation to the “rounding off” of amounts. Amounts in the Directors’ Report and
Financial Statements have been rounded off, in accordance with the Instrument, to the nearest thousand dollars,
unless otherwise stated.



SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On 3 August 2022, Lynas announced an approximately $500m project to expand capacity at the Mt Weld mine and
concentration plant to meet accelerating market demand for rare earth materials.

With the exception of the above, there have been no other events subsequent to 30 June 2022 that would require
accrual or disclosure in this financial report.




32                                                                                          www.LynasRareEarths.com
Sustainability Statement
Financial year ended 30 June 2022
Operating, at all times, in accordance with best practice sustainability principles is a core value for Lynas and
its people. We set high standards for ourselves. We seek at all times to have a positive effect on our people, our
customers, our suppliers, our communities and the environment.

The products we sell are traceable from our mine in Western Australia. Our customers can receive product
assurance certificates to confirm that the Rare Earths they purchase from Lynas are sourced from our mine in
Mt Weld, Western Australia, and processed at our plant in Gebeng, Malaysia. Our products are used in industries
where environmental provenance and sustainability of business practices are of high importance. Life Cycle
Assessments conducted in conjunction with customers provide environmental assurance for the Lynas Rare Earths
used in customer products. Our local communities also expect us to consistently comply with high standards in this
area.

The Lynas Environmental, Social and Governance Report (ESG Report) for FY2022 will be sent to shareholders at the
same time as the 2022 Annual Report is sent to shareholders. In addition, a copy of the Lynas ESG Report for FY2022
will be available on the Group’s website, www.lynasrareearths.com.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                       33
Directors’ Report




Remuneration Report – Audited
Financial year ended 30 June 2022

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our company’s Remuneration Report for the 2022 financial year
and provide an update on Lynas Rare Earths’ remuneration philosophy and outcomes this year.


Remuneration philosophy
Lynas’ remuneration objective is to ensure that shareholder value is maximised by the attraction and retention of
talented people. We remunerate our people competitively and consistently with comparable employment market
conditions. Lynas is the largest producer of separated Rare Earths outside of China and our remuneration frame-
work takes into account the global nature of the rare earths business and the complexity of the critical minerals
supply chain.

The Lynas Short Term Incentive (STI) rewards performance in core business drivers. In FY2022, this included EBITDA,
NdPr production and NdPr unit operating costs, as well as key non-financial performance metrics that are of
particular importance to shareholders, including Safety, Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) and Regulatory
performance.

The Long Term Incentive (LTI) recognises that capital projects are a substantial growth driver for the company. The
LTI issued in FY2022 has two components which are designed to be aligned with the creation of sustainable long
term shareholder value. The first of these components is Relative Total Shareholder Returns (TSR) assessed over a
three year period, relative to other peer group companies. The second component was related to the Lynas 2025
growth plan which is aligned with the company’s strategic growth objectives.


Strong business performance
Lynas Rare Earths delivered record sales receipts and cash generation in the 2022 financial year despite ongoing
challenges with COVID-19, logistics and inflationary pressures. Process improvements and the company’s continued
focus on cost control ensured that Lynas was well positioned to benefit from favourable market conditions and
increased demand for rare earth materials.

The Lynas 2025 growth project is a strategic program for the business and substantial progress was made during
the year including full approvals received for the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility and progress on
construction. The LTI recognises that growth capital projects are a significant driver of value in this business.


Responding to the external environment
In 2022, the employment market remained strong and inflation increased in both of Lynas’ operating jurisdictions.
Competitive pressures on compensation also came from increased activity in the critical minerals industry and the
recognition of Lynas as an industry leader. In acknowledgement of this, the Board engaged Guerdon Associates Pty
Limited to provide advice and market benchmarking data in respect of the Lynas Leadership team and other senior
managers.

Considering the highly competitive market, a review of board, executive and employee salaries was undertaken
during the year.

The benchmarking identified that there was a significant gap between the remuneration of the Lynas Leadership
team and certain senior managers’ remuneration and other peer group companies, in part due to the executive
team receiving only three fixed remuneration increases of 3% each across an eight year period.

The Board recognises the unique value of the skills and experience of our leadership team and took action to adjust
fixed remuneration during the year. The new executive remuneration framework approved in March 2022 to apply
in FY2023 is set at a level that enables the company to attract and retain top talent, whilst incorporating an at risk
component tied to performance measures.

Lynas seeks to remain an employer of choice and benefit from the recognition that the critical minerals industry
is an attractive and future facing industry. In addition to competitive salaries and benefits, Lynas offers a compa-
ny-wide employee bonus scheme (excluding those eligible for STI/LTI).



34                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
FY23 changes
The Board continues to assess the external environment in line with our talent acquisition and retention strategies.

In recognition of the benchmarking review undertaken during the year, a review of the Lynas STI and LTI Plans was
conducted to ensure they remained comparable with peer group companies. The review showed that the Lynas
remuneration structure no longer reflects the specialist nature or proven performance of Lynas personnel and
the ‘at risk’ components of remuneration is below that offered by other comparable companies. The Board plans
to make changes to the STI and LTI Plans in the 2023 financial year to ensure that Lynas’ remuneration remains
competitive within the global rare earths industry so that experienced personnel can be both attracted and
retained.

During the year the Board also reviewed Directors’ fees. At the 2022 Annual General Meeting, the directors will seek
approval from shareholders to increase the maximum aggregate amount available for non-Executive Director fees
to $2.2 million. The current aggregate fee pool for the Non-Executive Directors of $1,250,000 was last approved at
the AGM held on 20 November 2012. The proposed increase in the Fee Pool is designed to ensure that fees can be
set at a level that will continue to attract and retain non-executive Directors with the requisite qualifications and
experience and allow for the appointment of additional non-executive Directors as appropriate to meet the needs
of our growing company.

The Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee remains firmly focused on delivering shareholder
value. We trust this report will assist your understanding of our remuneration objectives and outcomes.

Yours sincerely,




John Humphrey
Chair
Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                     35
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




This report sets out Lynas’ remuneration framework and outcomes for Key Management Personnel (KMP) for the
financial year ended 30 June 2022. This report has been prepared and audited in accordance with the requirements
of the Corporations Act 2001 and its regulations.



A. LIST OF KMP
The KMP during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 were as follows:


KMP                     Position                                      Location        Term as KMP

Executive Director
A. Lacaze               CEO and Managing Director                     Australia       Full Financial Year

Non-Executive Directors
K. Conlon               Chairman, Non-Executive Director              Australia       Full Financial Year
P. Etienne              Non-Executive Director,                       Australia       Full Financial Year
                        Chair of the HSE Committee
V. Guthrie              Non-Executive Director                        Australia       Full Financial Year
J. Humphrey             Non-Executive Director, Chair of the          Australia       Full Financial Year
                        Nomination, Remuneration &
                        Community Committee
G. Murdoch              Non-Executive Director, Chair of the          Australia       Full Financial Year
                        Audit, Risk & ESG Committee

Executives
G. Sturzenegger         CFO                                           Malaysia        Full Financial Year
S. Leonard              General Counsel and Company Secretary         Australia       Full Financial Year
K. Leung                Vice President – Upstream                     Australia       Retired 31 December 2021
P. Le Roux              Vice President – Downstream                   Malaysia        Full Financial Year
M. Ahmad                Vice President – Malaysia                     Malaysia        Full Financial Year



B. OUR REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
The Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee is responsible for reviewing and making recom-
mendations to the Board on the remuneration arrangements for Directors and Executives. The Nomination,
Remuneration and Community Committee assesses, on a regular basis, the appropriateness of the nature and
amount of KMP remuneration.

In fulfilling these duties and to support effective governance processes, the Committee:
     • consists of independent Non-Executive Directors and has an independent Chair;
     • has unrestricted access to management and any relevant documents; and
     • engages external advisers for assistance to the extent appropriate and necessary (e.g. detailing market levels
       of remuneration).




36                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
C. OUR REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK
Overview
Lynas’ remuneration objective is to maximise shareholder benefits by attracting, retaining and motivating
talented people, including our board of directors and executive management team, at a cost that is acceptable to
shareholders. We remunerate our people competitively and consistently with comparable employment market
conditions. Lynas is the largest producer of separated Rare Earths outside of China and our remuneration frame-
work takes into account the global nature of the rare earths business and the complexity of the critical minerals
supply chain.


Component               Description                             How does it link to performance and strategy?

Fixed                   Fixed remuneration consists of          Fixed remuneration is set at a level that enables Lynas
Remuneration            base salary, non-monetary benefits      to attract and retain talented people, at a cost which
                        and statutory superannuation            is acceptable to shareholders. It reflects the global
                        contributions.                          nature of the rare earths supply chain, macro-eco-
                                                                nomic factors, the need to attract experienced
                                                                expatriate personnel to the Lynas Malaysia plant
                                                                in Gebeng near Kuantan in regional Malaysia and
                                                                the competitive market for resources personnel in
                                                                Western Australia.
                                                                Individual remuneration reflects the role, responsibili-
                                                                ties, and experience of the relevant employee.

Short Term              The STI program is based on the         STI supports the delivery of annual performance
Incentive (STI)         achievement of annual financial         goals which are selected by the Board considering
                        and non-financial goals.                the budget and Lynas’ strategic initiatives.
                        Further details of the STI Plan         The STI Plan ensures annual remuneration is
                        Structure are set out below.            competitive to facilitate retention of key personnel.
                                                                Half of the STI is paid as deferred equity (perfor-
                                                                mance rights).

Long Term               The LTI program provides a reward       LTI focuses on long term performance goals which
Incentive (LTI)         for longer term performance             create sustained value for shareholders.
                        Further details of the LTI Plan         LTI is paid as deferred equity (performance rights)
                        Structure are set out below.            which aligns the interests of Executives and
                                                                shareholders in ensuring the sustainable, long term
                                                                performance of Lynas.

Our remuneration mix aims to achieve a balance between fixed and performance related components. This
contributes to a high performance culture led by the Executive team.

The diagrams below illustrate the remuneration mix range for Executives based on the target and maximum LTI
and STI opportunities for FY22. The actual remuneration mix for Executives will vary depending on the level of
performance relative to the LTI and STI performance objectives.


                                                       Fixed                         STI                              LTI

CEO                                              42.5 – 44.4%                22.2 – 25.5%                    31.9 – 33.3%
Other Executive KMP                              50.6 – 53.3%               26.6 – 30.3%                    18.9 – 20.0%




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                             37
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




Short Term Incentive Structure
The structure of the STI Plan is as follows:


Description            Under the STI Plan, Executive KMP can earn an annual incentive based on performance during
                       the year.
                       STI Plan performance conditions align with Lynas’ annual operational and financial goals. The
                       performance conditions are chosen to incentivise performance that is consistent with desired
                       business outcomes and which contributes to longer term growth in shareholder value.
                       The STI Plan is at risk remuneration. Actual awards depend on performance against the
                       performance conditions.

Participants           Executive KMP and any employee of Lynas who is invited by the Board are eligible to participate.
                       In addition to the Executive KMP, during FY22, four members of the Lynas Leadership Team
                       and ten senior employees who are critical to the delivery of Lynas’ short-term operational and
                       financial goals were invited to participate in the STI Plan.

STI Opportunity        Target Performance: In FY22, up to 50% of fixed remuneration for Executive KMP (including
                       CEO) and Lynas Leadership Team. Up to 20% of fixed remuneration for other employees.
                       Maximum Opportunity: In FY22, up to 60% of fixed remuneration for over-achievement
                       compared to targets for Executive KMP and Lynas Leadership Team. Up to 24% of fixed remu-
                       neration for other employees.

Basis of award         Half of the STI opportunity is awarded in cash and half is awarded in performance rights.
                       The number of STI performance rights to be granted is calculated by taking the volume
                       weighted average price of Lynas’ shares for the 5 trading days up to and including the date
                       of Board approval (the PR Value). The relevant STI grant is divided by the PR Value and
                       rounded to the nearest whole number.

Performance            The Board selects both financial and non-financial performance conditions based on the Lynas
Conditions             budget and strategic plan.
                       For FY22, three bands of performance were set for each performance condition:
                          • Threshold: 90% of budget – 80% award
                          • Target: 100% of budget – 100% award
                          • Maximum: 110% of budget – 120% award
                       If performance falls between the Threshold and Maximum levels then awards are pro-rated.
                       No STI Plan awards will be made if there is a fatality during the performance period.

Financial              Financial performance conditions are selected by the Board using the approved budget.
Performance            The performance goals are selected based on the budget and considering market conditions.
Conditions             The financial conditions are assessed annually.
(60% weighting)
                       For the FY22 STI Plan the three financial performance conditions selected were: (1) EBITDA
                       Target; (2) NdPr Production; and (3) NdPr Operating Costs. Each financial condition has a 20%
                       weighting.

Non-financial          The Board selects non-financial conditions for the STI Plan based on the team/individual
Performance            responsibilities in the context of the Lynas strategic plan. The non-financial conditions are
Conditions             assessed annually.
(40% weighting)
                       For the FY22 STI Plan the three areas selected for assessment were: (1) Safety/COVID
                       Management; (2) ESG; and (3) Regulatory.




38                                                                                                  www.LynasRareEarths.com
Why were these          A combination of financial and non-financial performance conditions aligns the STI Plan with
performance             growth and sustainable returns for shareholders.
conditions
                        The financial conditions selected by the Board in FY22 are measures which directly affect Lynas’
selected?
                        profitability and financial performance. Due to the anticipated increases in capital expenditure
                        for Lynas 2025 growth projects, EBITDA rather than EBIT was selected by the Board as the
                        financial growth measure.
                        The non-financial performance conditions reflect areas that are critical for the success of
                        Lynas and complement the measures included in the other quantitative STI and LTI targets.
                        Non-financial performance conditions are designed to address areas of particular importance to
                        shareholders. The non-financial performance conditions for FY22 were selected by the Board for
                        the following reasons:
                           • Safety/COVID-19 management: Critical to the continued safe operation of the Mt Weld
                              and Lynas Malaysia operations.
                           • ESG: Important to Lynas’ stakeholders and the future sustainable growth of the business.
                           • Regulatory: Ensures the careful maintenance of Lynas’ key operating licences in the
                              jurisdictions in which it operates.
                        Performance conditions for the STI Plan are reviewed annually by the Board to ensure they
                        remain aligned with business strategy and shareholder interests.

How and when            Performance is assessed annually.
is performance
                        For the financial conditions, the Board calculates the results after the end of the performance
assessed?
                        period.
                        For the non-financial conditions, the Board assesses the performance of the Executives based
                        on the recommendations from the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee.

Eligibility for         Holders of performance rights are not eligible for dividends until the performance rights have
dividends               been converted into shares.

Cessation of            STI performance rights are subject to a vesting condition of continued employment at Lynas for
employment              a period of 12 months after the grant.

Clawback                If the Board becomes aware of any material misstatement in its financial statements due to:
                        (i) non-compliance with a financial reporting requirement; (ii) the participant’s misconduct; or
                        (iii) the misconduct of any other Lynas personnel under the supervision of the relevant partici-
                        pant, the Board has authority under the clawback policy to require repayment of vested awards,
                        forfeit unvested performance rights or withhold the payment or allocation of all or any part of an
                        award.

Change of Control       There is no automatic vesting of performance rights on a change in control. On the occurrence
Event                   of a change in control event, the Board will determine (in its discretion) how the performance
                        rights may be affected.

Disposal restriction    Performance rights granted under the STI Plan are not transferable.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                               39
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




Long Term Incentive Structure
This section summarises the LTI grants made in FY22.


Description            Under the LTI Plan, annual grants of performance rights are made to eligible participants to
                       align remuneration with the creation of sustainable shareholder value over the long term.

Participants           Executive KMP and any employee of Lynas who is invited by the Board are eligible to participate.

LTI Opportunity        CEO – Up to 75% of fixed remuneration
                       Other KMP and Lynas Leadership Team – Up to 37.5% of fixed remuneration
                       Other invited employees – Up to 25% of fixed remuneration
                       The number of LTI performance rights to be granted is calculated by taking the volume
                       weighted average price of Lynas’ shares for the 5 trading days up to and including the date of
                       Board approval (the PR Value). The relevant LTI grant is divided by the PR Value and rounded to
                       the nearest whole number.

Vesting Date           9 September 2024

Performance            Two vesting conditions apply to the LTI grants made during FY22:
Conditions
                          • Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
                          • Lynas 2025 Project Target
                       In addition to the CEO and other Executive KMP, during FY22, four members of the Lynas
                       Leadership Team and ten senior employees who are critical to the delivery of Lynas’ long term
                       strategy were invited to participate in the program.

Relative TSR –         Relative TSR is assessed over a three year period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024, relative to
50% weighting          other companies in the ASX200 index (Peer Group Companies). For any performance rights to
                       vest under the TSR vesting condition, Lynas’ performance must be equal to or greater than the
                       51% percentile of Peer Group Companies.
                       The percentage of the performance rights that may vest is determined as follows:

                       Lynas TSR Ranking across the TSR Period            Proportion of Performance Rights that vest

                       Below 51st percentile                              0%
                       At the 51st percentile                             50%
                       Between the 51st percentile                        Between 50% and 100% as determined on
                       and the 76th percentile                            a linear basis (rounded to the nearest 5%)
                       At or above 76th percentile                        100%


Lynas 2025             The Lynas 2025 Project Target vesting condition is that by 30 June 2024:
Project Target –
50% weighting
                          • the Lynas Kalgoorlie plant achieves capacity to sustain operations at its nameplate
                             capacity (70% weighting); and
                          • development of capacity to separate heavy rare earths (30% weighting).




40                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
Why were these          The vesting conditions for the LTI Plan were selected due to their alignment with Lynas’ long
performance             term strategic goals.
conditions
                        The Relative TSR Vesting condition was selected because it ensures alignment between
selected?
                        competitive shareholder return and reward for the executive. The comparison with peer group
                        companies in the ASX200 index provides an objective, external market-based performance
                        measure relative to Lynas’ peer group companies. Relative TSR is widely understood and
                        accepted by key stakeholders.
                        The Lynas 2025 Project Targets were selected as it is the next significant step in the growth
                        of the Lynas business for the benefit of all shareholders. The ramp up of the Lynas Kalgoorlie
                        plant is a key component of the Lynas 2025 Project. HRE separation capacity is a strategically
                        important capability.

How and when            Relative TSR will be calculated by Lynas and tested by an external adviser as soon as practicable
is performance          at the end of the performance period.
assessed?
                        The Lynas 2025 Project Target will be assessed by the Board after 30 June 2024.

Eligibility for         Holders of performance rights are not eligible for dividends until the performance rights have
dividends               been converted into shares.

Cessation of            If a participant ceases employment prior to the vesting date of the performance rights, then
employment              unless otherwise determined by the Board (in its discretion), the unvested performance rights
                        will continue to be subject to the rules of the LTI Plan until the vesting date, at which time the
                        performance rights will vest in accordance with the rules of the LTI Plan.
                        The Board may exercise its discretion to cancel the performance rights, except where the
                        participant has been retrenched where cancellation will occur within 36 months of the Board’s
                        decision.

Clawback                If the Board becomes aware of any material misstatement in its financial statements due to:
                        (i) non-compliance with a financial reporting requirement; (ii) the participant’s misconduct;
                        or (iii) the misconduct of any other Lynas personnel under the supervision of the relevant
                        participant, the Board has authority under the clawback policy to require repayment of vested
                        awards, forfeit unvested performance rights or withhold the payment or allocation of all or any
                        part of an award.

Change of Control       There is no automatic vesting of performance rights on a change in control. On the occurrence
Event                   of a change in control event, the Board will determine (in its discretion) how the performance
                        rights may be affected.

Disposal restriction    Performance rights granted under the LTI Plan are not transferable.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                               41
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




D. REMUNERATION OUTCOMES IN FY22
FY22 STI Grant Performance Outcomes
An award at 100.8% will be made under the FY22 STI Plan. The table below sets out the outcomes of the FY22 STI
Plan.


Performance Outcome – Financial Performance Conditions

Performance            Lynas has recorded excellent financial performance in FY22. All financial performance thresh-
condition              olds in the FY22 STI Plan have been met or exceeded.

Outcome –                                                                                                              Weighted
target achieved        Performance                                               Threshold     Target     Maximum      Outcome
                       Condition      Target         Actual         Weighting      90%          100%        110%         (%)


                       EBITDA         Forecast       Greater           20%                                               24.0%
                                      target*        than 110%
                                                     of target

                       NdPr           Forecast       97% of            20%                                               18.9%
                       Production     target*        target
                       Targets

                       NdPr           Forecast       95% of            20%                                               17.9%
                       Operating      Target*        target
                       Costs

                       *	The NdPr Operating Cost, NdPr Production Target and EBITDA Target are commercial in confidence.
                          The NdPr Operating Cost. NdPr Production Target and EBITDA Targets are set by the Board based on the
                          annual budget.

Performance Outcome – Non-Financial Performance Conditions

Performance            The Board assessed the performance of the Executives in three key areas: (1) Safety/COVID
Conditions             Management; (2) ESG; and (3) Regulatory.

Outcome –              The Board has assessed an award at 100% (weighted outcome of 40%) against the non-financial
target achieved        performance conditions.


                       Performance
                       Condition           Target                      Outcome

                       Safety/COVID-19     Safety performance          During FY2022, safe workplace conditions were
                       Management          was measured on             achieved, including one year LTI free at Mt Weld.
                                           a company-wide
                                                                       All COVID-19 cases were handled effectively despite
                                           basis. Trends in
                                                                       COVID affecting both Australia and Malaysian
                                           safety statistics were
                                                                       operations. Production disruption due to COVID-19
                                           considered, including
                                                                       was minimised due to effective implementation of
                                           LTIF, TRIFR, high
                                                                       COVID protocols.
                                           potential incidents.
                                           COVID-19 performance
                                           was measured by the
                                           success in achieving
                                           COVID protocols at
                                           both sites, together
                                           with the speed and
                                           efficacy of responses
                                           to COVID issues.




42                                                                                                      www.LynasRareEarths.com
Outcome –
                        Performance
target achieved         Condition           Target                    Outcome
continued
                        ESG                 ESG performance is        ISO accreditations maintained at both operating
                                            measured by reference     sites.
                                            to improvements in
                                                                      No significant ESG related compliance breaches
                                            ESG performance and
                                                                      during the year.
                                            reporting during the
                                            performance period.       Significant progress was achieved in ESG reporting,
                                                                      including the release of the inaugural enhanced
                                                                      Lynas ESG Report. The new ESG reporting frame-
                                                                      work has led to a measurable increase in Lynas ESG
                                                                      recognition and analyst ratings, including MSCI
                                                                      ESG rating upgraded to ‘AA’ rating (from ‘A’); the
                                                                      Lynas 2021 ESG recognised as “Comprehensive”, the
                                                                      highest rating awarded by the Australian Council
                                                                      of Superannuation Investors; and Mt Weld Tailings
                                                                      Acceleration Initiative shortlisted for Golden Gecko
                                                                      Award for environmental excellence (administered
                                                                      by WA DMIRS).
                                                                      Lynas Modern Slavery Statement was enhanced
                                                                      and was approved by Australian Border Force.
                                                                      Achieved stated 2021 gender diversity targets with
                                                                      24.5% women senior executives, 21.5% women
                                                                      employees and 50% women on the Board as at
                                                                      31 December 2021.
                                                                      Lynas committed to the Science Based Targets
                                                                      initiative (SBTi) and launched a Greenhouse Gas
                                                                      Policy and initiatives during the year. A plan to
                                                                      deliver Greenhouse Gas reduction targets has been
                                                                      presented.
                                                                      Positive community engagement in both Malaysia
                                                                      and Australia as evidenced by community support
                                                                      for the PDF in Malaysia and the Kalgoorlie Rare
                                                                      Earth Processing Facility.

                        Regulatory          Regulatory perfor-        Successful approval of the EIA for the PDF and
                                            mance is assessed         commencement of the project in Malaysia.
                                            based on regulatory       Successful EPA determination for the Kalgoorlie
                                            compliance in             Facility and commencement of construction.
                                            Malaysia and Australia.   Continued compliance in operations with no
                                                                      regulatory non-compliances. Continued engage-
                                                                      ment with Malaysian and Australian regulators
                                                                      and government, including with the incoming
                                                                      Australian government.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                               43
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




2019 LTI Grant Performance Outcomes
The LTI performance rights issued in September 2019 to KMP and LLT members were granted subject to the
following vesting conditions:
     • EBIT Target – 1/3rd weighting
     • Relative TSR – 1/3rd weighting
     • Lynas 2025 Project Targets – 1/3rd weighting
Certain senior personnel critical to the delivery of Lynas 2025 projects were issued with LTI performance rights
subject to the sole performance conditions relating to Lynas 2025 project targets.

The table below sets the performance outcomes.


Performance Outcome – EBIT Target

Performance            Satisfaction of the EBIT Growth vesting condition required Lynas’ average annual EBIT growth
condition              at the end of the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2022 to be at least 7% per annum using the
                       EBIT figure from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019 as a base.
                       If cumulative average annual increase is at least 7% per annum then 50% of the EBIT portion will
                       vest. If the cumulative average annual increase is at least 10% per annum, then 100% of the EBIT
                       portion will vest. If the cumulative average annual increase is at least 15% per annum, then 120%
                       of the EBIT portion will vest (EBIT Overperformance Portion).

Outcome –              As set out in the table below the EBIT Target vesting condition has been achieved at
Maximum                maximum.
performance
achieved                                                                                                  Outcome (EBIT)

                       FY2019 (Base)                                                                         $56.4 million
                       FY2020                                                                                ($6.2 million)
                       FY2021                                                                               $169.5 million
                       FY2022                                                                               $540.6 million
                       Cumulative Adjusted EBIT over the three years                                        $703.9 million
                       Base EBIT over the three years                                                       $169.2 million
                       Average % growth over the 3 years compared to the base period figure                          105%


Performance Outcome – Relative TSR

Vesting                Satisfaction of the Relative TSR vesting condition required Lynas’ TSR to be at least at the 51st
Condition              percentile of ASX 200 companies calculated over the three year period from 26 August 2019 to
                       26 August 2022.
                       The Relative TSR performance rights will vest in accordance with the following scale:


                       Lynas TSR Ranking                                    Proportion of Performance Rights that vest

                       Below 51st percentile                                0%
                       At the 51st percentile                               50%
                       Between the 51st percentile and the                  Between 50% and 100% as determined on
                       76th percentile                                      a linear basis (rounded up or down to the
                                                                            nearest 5%)
                       At or above 76th percentile                          100%


Outcome – still to     Performance against the Relative TSR vesting condition will be assessed after the three year
be assessed            performance period ends.




44                                                                                                  www.LynasRareEarths.com
Performance Outcome – Lynas 2025 Project Targets

Vesting                    The Lynas 2025 Project Target performance conditions were that by July 2022, Lynas has
Condition                  demonstrated:
                              • the capacity to separate heavy rare earths;
                              • a speciality cerium capability; and
                              • delivery of project milestones for the Lynas 2025 project in Western Australia.

Outcome – partially        A performance outcome of 66.67% has been assessed against the Lynas 2025 Project Targets.
achieved (2/3rd)
                           HRE Separation: Despite significant progress on the US Project, the HRE separation capacity
                           performance condition has not been achieved. This is primarily due to the delay in the US
                           Government’s decision on funding and the decision by Lynas not to proceed with the Project
                           prior to funding being confirmed. Lynas submitted all documentation, including a fully scoped
                           plant design, to the USG on time according to agreed milestones.
                           Cerium Capability: Speciality cerium capability has been established in Malaysia. Speciality
                           Cerium Chloride production has been developed for use in water treatment applications. This
                           is sold at a premium to market price. Speciality LaCe polishing powder precursors are also now
                           produced at the Lynas Malaysia Plant.
                           Lynas 2025 Project Milestones: The key Western Australian elements of the Lynas 2025 Project
                           announced in May 2019 were the completion of Australian based cracking and leaching and
                           development of increased throughput at both Mt Weld and the LAMP to achieve production
                           capacity of 10,500 tpa NdPr finished product.
                           Since 2019 significant process has been made against the Lynas 2025 project milestones. The
                           Kalgoorlie cracking and leaching site was selected in December 2019 and since that time good
                           progress has been made against the progress milestones.
                           Progress has also been made in respect of the Mt Weld project. The capacity expansion to
                           10,500 tpa NdPr finished product and beyond is now fully scoped and the project is underway.




E. LINKING REMUNERATION AND GROUP PERFORMANCE
Sections C and D above set out how the LTI and STI Plan Performance Conditions are linked to Lynas’ performance.

The table below provides further information about the financial performance of Lynas over the past five years.


                                                         30 June        30 June       30 June        30 June        30 June
                                                            2018            2019         2020            2021          2022

Revenue ($‘000)                                           374,105        363,541        305,111      489,024        920,014
Profit / (loss) before tax ($‘000)                        53,404         83,274         (19,156)      157,487       535,756
Profit / (loss) after tax ($‘000)                           53,119       83,079         (19,395)      157,083       540,824
Shareholder capital ($’000)                              1,395,417     1,398,264     1,424,847      1,859,598     1,859,598
Annual average share price                                  $2.04          $1.99         $2.20          $4.15         $8.51
Closing share price at financial year end                   $2.34          $2.57         $1.94          $5.71         $8.73
Basic earnings / (loss) per share (cents)                    8.84          12.50          (2.79)        18.08         59.95
Diluted earnings / (loss) per share (cents)                  8.29          11.90          (2.79)        17.99         58.70


Separately, changes in the share based remuneration from one year to the next reflect the effect of amortising the
accounting value of options and performance rights over their vesting period and the impact of forfeitures which
can relate to both the current and prior periods in a given fiscal period. In certain periods, a negative value may be
presented which results when the forfeitures recognised in a period are greater than the accounting amortisation
expense for the current portion of the vesting period.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                              45
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




F. SERVICE AGREEMENTS
The CEO and Managing Director and Executives each have a services contract/ employment contracts which are on
reasonable commercial conditions. The key provisions of the agreement are:


                     CEO and Managing Director                              Other Executives


Type                 Services contract                                      Employment contract

Duration             Ongoing                                                Ongoing

Notice by            3 months                                               3 months
Executive

Notice by Lynas      6 months                                               3 – 6 months
                     Termination without notice for serious misconduct      Termination without notice for serious misconduct

Treatment of         On resignation, then unless otherwise determined       On resignation, then unless otherwise determined
incentives on        by the Board (in its discretion), the unvested         by the Board (in its discretion), the unvested
termination:         performance rights will continue to be subject         performance rights will continue to be subject
                     to the rules of the LTI Plan until the vesting date,   to the rules of the LTI Plan until the vesting date,
                     at which time the performance rights will vest in      at which time the performance rights will vest in
                     accordance with the rules of the LTI Plan.             accordance with the rules of the LTI Plan.
                     The Board may exercise its discretion to cancel the    The Board may exercise its discretion to cancel the
                     performance rights, except where the participant       performance rights, except where the participant
                     has been retrenched where cancellation will occur      has been retrenched where cancellation will occur
                     within 36 months of the Board’s decision.              within 36 months of the Board’s decision.




G. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
Remuneration policy
Consistent with Lynas’ approach, remuneration of Non-Executive Directors is set at a level that enables Lynas to
engage high calibre individuals. We focus on ensuring that the Board of Directors reflects the broad mix of skills,
experience and diversity necessary to oversee Lynas in its position as a significant participant in the critical global
market for Rare Earth products.

Non-Executive Director fees are set considering: (1) the fees paid by companies of a similar size and/or industry;
(2) the time and commitment required; (3) the risk and responsibilities; and (4) the required commercial and
industry experience.

To ensure independence, Non-Executive Director fees are fixed, and Non-Executive Directors do not receive any
performance-related or ‘at-risk’ compensation.


Remuneration Structure
Non-Executive Director fees consist of Director fees and Committee fees. Each Non-Executive Director (other than
the Chairman of the Board) received a fee for each committee of which they are members (capped at two commit-
tees). The Chairman of the Board does not receive committee fees.

The current aggregate fee pool for the Non-Executive Directors of $1,250,000 was approved at the AGM held on
20 November 2012.




46                                                                                                      www.LynasRareEarths.com
The Non-Executive Director fees payable for the period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022 were:


                                                                                                        Amount
                                                                                                    (exclusive of
Board fees per annum                                                                            superannuation)

Chairman                                                                                               $260,000
Non-Executive Director                                                                                  $120,000
Committee Chair (Audit, Risk & ESG)                                                                     $30,000
Committee Chair (Nomination Remuneration & Community/ Health, Safety & Environment)                     $25,000
Committee member (Audit, Risk & ESG)                                                                     $15,000
Committee member (Nomination Remuneration & Community/ Health, Safety & Environment)                     $12,500


Board fees were last reviewed effective from 1 January 2020. Committee fees remain unchanged from FY2019.

The remuneration for each of the Non-Executive Directors for the financial years ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June
2021 is set out in Section H below.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                  47
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




H. DETAILS OF REMUNERATION
The figures included in the statutory table below for share based payments were not actually provided to the KMP
during FY2022 or FY2021. These amounts are calculated in accordance with accounting standards and are the
amortised IFRS fair values of equity and equity-related instruments that have been granted to the executives.


                                         Short term                              Post-employment                          Long term
                                          benefits                                    benefits                             benefits




                                                                                                                                        Share-based
                                          Other short
                                                              Non-monetary
                                                                                                    Super-
                                                                                                                                                             Performance
                           Cash salary                                           Termination        annuation and   Long service
                                          term employee                                                                                                      related %
                                                              benefits                                                                  payments (net)
                                                                                                    other pension
                           and fees       benefits                               payments           payments        leave                                    Total             Total
Name


FY22                          $                $                  $                 $                    $              $                   $                    $              $
Executive Director
A. Lacaze                 1,333,785        332,906                           –                 –        23,568        50,929           1,415,900                     55%     3,157,088

Non-Executive Directors
K. Conlon                  260,000                        –                  –                 –        23,568                     –                     –            0%      283,568
P. Etienne                  175,200                       –                  –                 –              –                    –                     –            0%      175,200
J. Humphrey                160,000                        –                  –                 –        16,000                     –                     –            0%      176,000
G. Murdoch                  162,500                       –                  –                 –         16,250                    –                     –            0%       178,750
V. Guthrie                 145,000                        –                  –                 –              –                    –                     –            0%      145,000

Executives
S. Leonard                 453,540            49,479                –                  –                23,568           8,947           139,753                     28%      675,287
G. Sturzenegger            566,058           139,814                –                  –                      –              –          323,300                      45%     1,029,172
K. Leung (1)               274,007          145,908                 –            189,629                 11,784              –          594,418                      61%     1,215,746
P. Le Roux                  513,074         165,066           100,578                  –                75,924               –          359,410                      43%     1,214,052
M. Ahmad                   356,759           158,001                –                  –                51,477               –           255,175                     50%       821,412

Total                    4,399,923           991,174          100,578            189,629               242,139        59,876           3,087,956                     43%     9,071,275



FY21
Executive Director
A. Lacaze                  1,251,897        133,540                          –                 –         21,694       64,383            830,776                      42%     2,302,290

Non-Executive Directors
K. Conlon (2)              234,375                        –                  –                 –         20,011                    –                     –            0%      254,386
M. Harding (3)              65,000                        –                  –                 –         5,424                     –                     –            0%       70,424
P. Etienne                 175,200                        –                  –                 –               -                   –                     –            0%      175,200
J. Humphrey                156,875                        –                  –                 –        14,903                     –                     –            0%       171,778
G. Murdoch                  159,375                       –                  –                 –          15,141                   –                     –            0%       174,516
V. Guthrie (4)              106,157                       –                  –                 –          3,147                    –                     –            0%      109,304

Executives
A. Arnold (5)              588,365            51,058                  –                        –        10,892             –             (30,026)                     (3%)    620,289
S. Leonard (6)             146,709                 –                  –                        –         6,058         2,506              39,297                     20%      194,570
G. Sturzenegger             533,105          58,043                   –                        –             –             –            220,628                      34%       811,776
K. Leung                    532,331           55,975                  –                        –        21,694        29,945            206,982                       31%     846,927
P. Le Roux                 466,740           56,980             119,736                        –        79,238             –            250,016                      32%      972,710
M. Ahmad                   336,593           84,069                   –                        –        42,076             –             174,743                     38%       637,481

Total                     4,752,722        439,664             119,736                         –      240,278        96,834            1,692,416                     29%     7,341,650


(1) Resigned effective 31 December 2021                                                        (4) Appointed effective 1 October 2020
(2) Appointed to Chair effect 30 September 2020                                                (5) Resigned effective 16 April 2021
(3) Resigned effective 30 September 2020                                                       (6) Appointed effective 27 January 2021




48                                                                                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
I.       KMP EQUITY HOLDINGS
1. Shareholdings
The following table outlines the shares held directly, indirectly and beneficially by directors and KMP as at
30 June 2022.

                            Balance          Purchased     On exercise of
                       at beginning          during the     performance       Sold during                     Balance at
Name                         of year               year           rights         the year          Other     end of year

A. Lacaze                  2,742,961                   –        1,053,185       (1,150,000)            –        2,646,146
K. Conlon                    130,635                   –                 –                –            –          130,635
P. Etienne                    75,284                   –                 –                –            –           75,284
J. Humphrey                   56,494                   –                 –                –            –           56,494
G. Murdoch                   161,007                   –                 –                –            –          161,007
V. Guthrie                     6,000               4,000                 –                –            –           10,000
S. Leonard                         –                   –                 –                –            –                 –
G. Sturzenegger            700,000                     –            55,217         (255,217)           –         500,000
K. Leung                    413,000                    –            54,116       (440,058)       (27,058)                –
P. Le Roux                  349,579                    –           56,285         (291,886)            –           113,978
M. Ahmad                      14,000                   –          44,553            (13,366)           –            45,187

Total                    4,648,960                 4,000         1,263,356     (2,150,527)       (27,058)       3,738,731


Other movements in relation to KMP shareholdings relate to the person ceasing to be a member of the KMP
during the year.

2. Share Based Remuneration – Performance Rights
Performance Rights are issued with no consideration payable on exercise. As at year end the Group had on issue to
directors and KMP the following Performance Rights to acquire ordinary fully paid shares:

                                                                                                               Value per
                                                                                                            performance
                                                          Date vested                          Exercise          right at
Series             Grant date          Number          and exercisable           Expiry date      price       grant date

AU         28 November 2017             127,567        28 August 2020        28 August 2022      $ 0.00           $2.060
AV         28 November 2017            154,044         28 August 2020        28 August 2022      $ 0.00            $1.620
BC         27 November 2018             147,433         28 August 2021       28 August 2023      $ 0.00            $1.463
BE            26 August 2019             111,559       26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00           $2.340
BF            26 August 2019             111,559       26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00           $2.340
BG            26 August 2019            133,870        26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00            $1.660
BE(1)    26 November 2019(1)            136,435        26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00           $2.290
BF(1)    26 November 2019(1)            136,435        26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00           $2.290
BG(1)    26 November 2019(1)            163,722        26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00            $1.630
BI       09 September 2020             207,422     09 September 2023     09 September 2025       $ 0.00            $1.790
BJ       09 September 2020             207,422     09 September 2023     09 September 2025       $ 0.00           $2.400
BI(2)    26 November 2020(1)           208,856     09 September 2023     09 September 2025       $ 0.00           $2.500
BJ(2)    26 November 2020(1)           208,856     09 September 2023     09 September 2025       $ 0.00           $3.560
BK        20 September 2021              91,825         31 August 2022        31 August 2022     $ 0.00           $7.600
BL        20 September 2021               75,179        31 August 2024        31 August 2026     $ 0.00           $5.230
BM        20 September 2021               75,179        31 August 2024        31 August 2026     $ 0.00           $7.600
BN(3)      29 November 2021              50,410         31 August 2022        31 August 2022     $ 0.00           $8.570




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                           49
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                                                                                                                             Value per
                                                                                                                          performance
                                                            Date vested                                   Exercise             right at
Series                Grant date        Number           and exercisable                Expiry date          price          grant date

BO(3)       29 November 2021              74,636            31 August 2024         31 August 2026           $ 0.00               $5.680
BP(3)       29 November 2021              74,636            31 August 2024         31 August 2026           $ 0.00               $8.570

Total                                 2,497,045


(1)	Performance rights relates to the CEO in series BD to BG were approved by the Board on 26 August 2019, subject to approval at the
     AGM. These performance rights were subsequently approved at the AGM on 26 November 2019.
(2)	Performance rights relates to the CEO in series BH to BJ were approved by the Board on 9 September 2020, subject to approval at the
     AGM. These performance rights were subsequently approved at the AGM on 26 November 2020.
(3)	Performance rights relates to the CEO and other staff in series BN to BP were approved by the Board on 20 September 2021, subject to
     approval at the AGM. These performance rights were subsequently approved at the AGM on 26 November 2021.


Fair value of Performance Rights
The fair value of each Performance Right is estimated on the date it is granted using volume-weighted average
share price, Monte Carlo and Binomial valuation methodologies. The following assumptions were considered in the
valuation of Performance Rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2022:


                             PR’s issued to employees other than CEO                               PR’s issued to CEO

                            Series BK           Series BL            Series BM         Series BN        Series BO          Series BP

Grant date                20 Sept 2021         20 Sept 2021         20 Sept 2021    29 Nov 2021        29 Nov 2021        29 Nov 2021
5 day VWAP                    $7.60                $7.60                $7.60           $8.57              $8.57              $8.57
Exercise price                $0.00                $0.00                $0.00           $0.00              $0.00              $0.00
Dividend yield                 Nil                  Nil                  Nil             Nil                Nil                Nil
Expected volatility           61.5%                61.5%                61.5%           59.6%              59.6%              59.6%
Risk-free Rate                0.17%                0.17%                0.17%          0.92%              0.92%              0.92%
Expiry date               31 Aug 2022          31 Aug 2026          31 Aug 2026     31 Aug 2022        31 Aug 2026        31 Aug 2026

No dividends have been paid in the past and so it is not appropriate to estimate future possible dividends in arriving
at the fair values. The life of the Performance Right is up to 5 years from date of grant (as specified above) and is
therefore not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur.
The resulting weighted average fair values for all Performance Rights granted for the benefit of Directors and KMP
during the year are:


                                                      Fair value
                               Number of        per instrument              Exercise
                             performance           at valuation            price per                                      Last exercise
Grant date                         rights                   date         instrument       First exercise date            or expiry date

20 September 2021                    91,825                 $7.60             $ 0.00         31 August 2022             31 August 2022
20 September 2021                     75,179                $5.23             $ 0.00         31 August 2024             31 August 2026
20 September 2021                     75,179                $7.60             $ 0.00         31 August 2024             31 August 2026
29 November 2021                     50,410                 $8.57             $ 0.00         31 August 2022             31 August 2022
29 November 2021                     74,636                 $5.68             $ 0.00         31 August 2024             31 August 2026
29 November 2021                     74,636                 $8.57             $ 0.00         31 August 2024             31 August 2026

Total                              441,865

Except as specified in the table above, all Performance Rights granted for the benefit of Directors and KMP have
three-year vesting periods. The Performance Rights are exercisable up to five years after issue date, subject to
achievement of the relevant performance hurdles.




50                                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
The following tables outline the Performance Rights granted for the benefit of Directors and KMP during the 2021
and 2022 financial years and those Performance Rights which have vested at each respective year-end.

                       Balance at
                       beginning                                                                                           Balance at
                          of year         Granted        Grant date        Exercised        Forfeited      Net change     end of year

 30 June 2022

 A. Lacaze                2,513,451        199,682      29 Nov 2021        (1,053,185)       (176,920)      (1,030,423)     1,483,028
 K. Conlon                        –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 P. Etienne                       –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 M. Harding                       –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 J. Humphrey                      –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 G. Murdoch                       –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 V. Guthrie                       –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 S. Leonard                69,862           33,724     20 Sept 2021                  –               –         33,724         103,586
 G. Sturzenegger          279,294           51,438     20 Sept 2021           (55,217)        (36,533)         (40,312)       238,982
 K. Leung(1)              269,465           54,866     20 Sept 2021            (54,116)       (36,925)         (36,175)       233,290
 P. Le Roux                317,370          61,844     20 Sept 2021           (56,285)        (38,359)        (32,800)        284,570
 M. Ahmad                  223,932           40,311    20 Sept 2021          (44,553)         (29,994)        (34,236)        189,696

 Total                  3,673,374         441,865                         (1,263,356)        (318,731)      (1,140,222)      2,533,152

 (1)	Although Kam Leung retired on 31 December 2021, the Board applied its discretion and allowed him to retain his performance rights




 30 June 2021
 A. Lacaze               2,291,202        473,407      26 Nov 2020           (109,148)       (142,010)        222,249        2,513,451
 K. Conlon                        –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 P. Etienne                       –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 M. Harding                       –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 J. Humphrey                      –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 G. Murdoch                       –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 V. Guthrie                       –               –                 –                –               –               –               –
 A. Arnold                  272,112               –                 –         (98,106)       (174,006)        (272,112)              –
 S Leonard                        –         69,862      9 Sept 2020                  –               –         69,862          69,862
 G. Sturzenegger          292,682           117,671     9 Sept 2020         (102,988)         (28,071)         (13,388)       279,294
 K. Leung                 296,839          110,889      9 Sept 2020          (107,146)          (31,117)       (27,374)       269,465
 P. Le Roux               355,482           115,517     9 Sept 2020          (121,997)         (31,632)        (38,112)        317,370
 M. Ahmad                 240,572           92,900      9 Sept 2020           (85,585)        (23,955)         (16,640)       223,932

 Total                  3,748,889         980,246                          (624,970)        (430,791)          (75,515)     3,673,374


At 30 June 2022, 429,045 performance rights issued to A. Lacaze had vested and were exercisable (30 June 2021:
1,279,101). No other KMP had any performance rights that had vested and were exercisable (30 June 2021: nil).




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                        51
Directors’ Report




The Directors’ report is signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to s.298 (2)
of the Corporations Act 2001.

On behalf of the Directors,




Kathleen Conlon
Chairman

Sydney, 26 August 2022




52                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
Directors’ Declaration

The Directors declare that:

   (a)   in the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its
         debts as and when they become due and payable;
   (b)   in the Directors’ opinion, the attached financial report is in compliance with International Financial
         Reporting Standards, as stated in the Basis of preparation note to the Financial Statements;
   (c)   in the Directors’ opinion, the attached financial report and notes thereto are in accordance with the
         Corporations Act 2001, including compliance with accounting standards and giving a true and fair view of
         the financial position and performance of the Group; and
   (d)   Directors have been given the declarations required by s.295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

At the date of this declaration, the Company is within the class of companies affected by Corporations Instrument
98/1418. The nature of the deed of cross guarantee is such that each company which is party to the deed guaran-
tees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee.

In the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the companies to which
the Corporations Instrument applies, as detailed in Note E.6 to the Financial Statements will, as a Group, be able
to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross
guarantee.

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors made pursuant to s.295 (5) of the Corporations Act 2001.




On behalf of the Directors,




Kathleen Conlon
Chairman

Sydney, 26 August 2022




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                         53
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                            11 Mounts Bay Road                    Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                            Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843


Auditor’s Independence
Declaration
Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of
Lynas Rare Earths Limited
As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited for the financial year
ended 30 June 2022, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
                                  Ernst & Young                     Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                  11 Mounts Bay Road                Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
a.    No contraventions of the auditor
                                  Perthindependence     requirementsey.com/au
                                         WA 6000 Australia           of the Corporations Act 2001 in
      relation to the audit;      GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843


b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and

c.    No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
      relation to the audit.
Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of
This declaration is in respect of Lynas Rare Earths Limited and the entities it controlled during the
Lynas    Rare Earths Limited
financial year.
As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited for the financial year
ended 30 June 2022, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

a.
ErnstNo  contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
      & Young
     relation to the audit;

b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and

c.
GavinNo  non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
       Buckingham
Partner
     relation to the audit.
26 August 2022
This declaration is in respect of Lynas Rare Earths Limited and the entities it controlled during the
financial year.




Ernst & Young




Gavin Buckingham
Partner
26 August 2022




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

54                                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
                                       Ernst & Young                        Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                       11 Mounts Bay Road                   Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                       Perth WA 6000 Australia              ey.com/au
                                       GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843


Independent
Auditor’s Report
Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Lynas Rare Earths Limited
Report on the audit of the financial report
                                 Ernst & Young                     Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
Opinion                          11 Mounts Bay Road                Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                 Perth WA 6000 Australia           ey.com/au
We have audited the financial report
                                 GPOofBoxLynas  Rare WA
                                          M939 Perth Earths
                                                         6843Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
(collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at
30 June 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies,
and the directors declaration.
Independent         auditor’s report to the members of
In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
Lynas
Act 2001,Rare     Earths Limited
           including:

a. Givingon
Report    a true
             theand   fair view
                  audit         of the
                           of the      consolidated
                                     financial      financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2022
                                                report
   and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and
Opinion
b. Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
We  have
Basis   foraudited
            opinion the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
(collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at
We  conducted
30 June   2022,our theaudit in accordance
                       consolidated          with of
                                      statement   Australian
                                                     profit orAuditing
                                                               loss and Standards.    Our responsibilities
                                                                         other comprehensive      income, theunder
those  standards are
consolidated   statementfurther described
                            of changes   in in the and
                                            equity Auditor’s  responsibilities for
                                                        the consolidated            the of
                                                                            statement    audit
                                                                                           cashof the financial
                                                                                                 flows for  the year
report
then    section
      ended,     of our
              notes      report.
                      to the     We are
                             financial    independent of
                                       statements,         the a
                                                     including  Group  in
                                                                  summary  accordance
                                                                              of        with the
                                                                                 significant      auditor policies,
                                                                                             accounting
independence
and the          requirements
         directors   declaration.of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
In our opinion,
Accountants       the accompanying
               (including  Independencefinancial report(the
                                            Standards)   of the  Group
                                                              Code)     is are
                                                                     that  in accordance
                                                                               relevant towith   the Corporations
                                                                                            our audit  of the
Act  2001,  including:
financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
the
a. Code.
      Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2022
     and of that
We believe  its consolidated financial
                 the audit evidence weperformance foristhe
                                       have obtained       year ended
                                                         sufficient and on that date;to
                                                                        appropriate   and
                                                                                        provide a basis
for our opinion.
b. Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
Key
Basisaudit matters
      for opinion
Key audit matters
We conducted    our are  those
                     audit       matters that,
                            in accordance  withinAustralian
                                                  our professional  judgment,
                                                             Auditing Standards.were
                                                                                   Ourofresponsibilities
                                                                                         most significance  in
                                                                                                         under
our audit of the  financial  report of the current year.  These  matters  were  addressed    in the context
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial      of
our audit
report    of theoffinancial
       section               report
                    our report.  We as
                                    area independent
                                         whole, and inofforming  our in
                                                          the Group   opinion thereon,
                                                                        accordance  with but
                                                                                           theweauditor
                                                                                                 do not provide
a separate opinion   on  these  matters.  For the matter   below, our  description of how
independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the  our  audit addressed
the matter is provided
Accounting   Professional in and
                             thatEthical
                                  context.
                                         Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants   (including
We have fulfilled        Independencedescribed
                   the responsibilities  Standards)    (theAuditor’s
                                                    in the  Code) that   are relevant to
                                                                      responsibilities forour
                                                                                           theaudit
                                                                                                auditofofthe
                                                                                                          the
financial report section
financial report in Australia.
                          of ourWe have also
                                 report,      fulfilled
                                         including       our other
                                                     in relation to ethical responsibilities
                                                                    this matter. Accordingly,in accordance
                                                                                                 our audit with
the Code.the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
included
material misstatement
We believe              of evidence
            that the audit the financial report.
                                     we have     The results
                                              obtained       of our audit
                                                       is sufficient      procedures,toincluding
                                                                     and appropriate     provide the
                                                                                                 a basis
procedures   performed
for our opinion.        to address  the matter  below, provide  the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying financial report.
Key audit matters
Key
A      audit
  member          atters
             firm of  Ernst &are those
                              Young     matters
                                    Global Limited that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
Liability
our audit limited
                of by
                   thea scheme  approved
                         financial       under
                                    report    ofProfessional
                                                 the current Standards
                                                                 year.Legislation
                                                                       These matters were addressed in the context of
our
Lynasaudit of theLimited
      Rare Earths financial  report
                         | 2022     asReport
                                Annual a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide               55
a separate opinion on these matters. For the matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.
Report on the audit of the financial report
Opinion
Independent Auditor’s Report
We have audited the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
(collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at
                                   Ernst & Young                      Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
30 June 2022, the consolidated 11 statement    ofRoad
                                      Mounts Bay  profit or loss and Fax:
                                                                     other+61 8 9429
                                                                             comprehensive
                                                                                      2436    income, the
consolidated statement of changes    in equity
                                   Perth  WA 6000and  the consolidatedey.com/au
                                                   Australia           statement of cash flows for the year
                                   GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
then ended, notes to the financialErnst
                                    statements,
                                         & Young including a summary  Tel: of
                                                                           +61significant
                                                                               8 9429 2222accounting policies,
and the directors declaration.     11 Mounts Bay Road                 Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                            Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au
In our opinion, the accompanying GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                                 financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
Act 2001, including:

a. Giving a independence
Auditor’s   true and fair view ofdeclaration
                                  the consolidated
                                                tofinancial position ofof
                                                   the directors        the Group as at 30 June 2022
   and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and
Lynas Rare Earths Limited
b. Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
Independent
As lead auditor for auditor’s     report
                    the audit of the        toreport
                                     financial  the ofmembers     of Limited for the financial year
                                                       Lynas Rare Earths
Basis
Lynas
ended  for opinion
         Rare2022,
       30 June    Earths     Limited
                       I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
Report
a.
those       on the  areaudit
      No contraventions
        standards         furtherof the   financial
                             of the auditor            report
                                             independence
                                   described in
                                                            requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                                the Auditor’s  responsibilities for the audit of the financial
      relation to the audit;
report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
Opinion
independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
b. No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and
Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
We have audited the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
(collectively
c.             the Group),
      No non-audit    services which  comprises
                                 provided  that the  consolidated
                                                contravene          statement
                                                            any applicable      of of
                                                                             code  financial position as
                                                                                      professional       at in
                                                                                                    conduct
financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
30 June    2022,
      relation          consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
               to the audit.
the Code.
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
This  declaration
thenbelieve
We     ended,  notes
             that   is in
                   the     respect
                       toaudit
                           the      of Lynas
                               financial
                                evidence      have Earths
                                          we Rare
                                         statements,      Limited
                                                      including
                                                   obtained      a and  the
                                                                   summary
                                                             is sufficient   entities
                                                                           andof      it controlled
                                                                                 significant
                                                                               appropriate          during
                                                                                             accounting
                                                                                             to provide    the
                                                                                                          policies,
                                                                                                         a basis
financial
and  the   year.
          directors
for our opinion.     declaration.

In
Keyouraudit
       opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
            matters
Act 2001, including:
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
a.
our  Giving
    audit
Ernst  & of athe
        Young true and fairreport
                 financial  view of
                                  ofthe
                                     theconsolidated
                                          current year.financial positionwere
                                                         These matters    of the Group asinatthe
                                                                               addressed      30 context
                                                                                                 June 2022
                                                                                                         of
     and of its consolidated  financial performance  for  the year  ended  on that date; and
our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
a
b.separate  opinion
     Complying   withonAustralian
                        these matters.   For the
                                  Accounting     matter below,
                                               Standards  and theourCorporations
                                                                     description of how our audit
                                                                                 Regulations       addressed
                                                                                               2001.
the matter is provided in that context.
Basis for opinion
We
Gavinhave     fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
          Buckingham
financial
We   conducted
Partner       reportour section
                           auditof
                                 in our  report, with
                                    accordance    including in    relation
                                                          Australian         to this matter.
                                                                        Auditing              Accordingly,
                                                                                    Standards. Our            our auditunder
                                                                                                     responsibilities
26  August
included
those           2022 are
              the
          standardsperformance
                             furtherofdescribed
                                       procedures     designed
                                                   in the          to respond
                                                            Auditor’s            to our for
                                                                        responsibilities assessment   of of
                                                                                               the audit  thethe
                                                                                                               risks of
                                                                                                                  financial
material
report        misstatement
           section of    our of    theWe
                              report.   financial
                                           are report.
                                                independent  Theof the
                                                                   results   of our
                                                                          Group   in audit procedures,
                                                                                     accordance          including
                                                                                                   with the  auditorthe
procedures
independence      performed     to address
                     requirements     of thethe   matter below,
                                              Corporations      Act provide
                                                                     2001 and   thethe
                                                                                     basis for our
                                                                                       ethical     audit opinion
                                                                                                requirements        on the
                                                                                                                of the
accompanying
Accounting            financial and
                  Professional   report.
                                       Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
the   Code.
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
a separate opinion on these matters. For the matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
financial report section of our report, including in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit
included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
procedures performed to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
A member firm of Ernst
accompanying           & Youngreport.
                   financial   Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

56                                                                                                          www.LynasRareEarths.com
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                  Ernst & Young                                 Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                  11 Mounts Bay Road                            Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                  Perth WA 6000 Australia                       ey.com/au
                                                  GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                                                  Ernst & Young                                  Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                  11 Mounts Bay Road                             Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                  Perth WA 6000 Australia                        ey.com/au                                             2
                                                  GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843




Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Lynas Rare Earths Limited
Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Report   on the audit of the financial report
Lynas Rare Provision
Rehabilitation Earths Limited
Opinion
 Report        on the audit of the financial report
   Why significant                                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter
We have audited the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
   The Group incurs obligations for asset and site                              Our audit       procedures         included    the following:
(collectively
   restorationthe
 Opinion            andGroup),         which comprises
                           rehabilitation,                     the consolidated
                                                  which includes                          statement        of financial     position      as at
30    June   2022,      the    consolidated
   requirements under its Full Operating Stage     statement       of  profit  or
                                                                                ►   loss   and
                                                                                       Assessed   other
                                                                                                      the  comprehensive
                                                                                                            appropriateness        income,
                                                                                                                                      of  the   the
 We   have
consolidated audited       the
                    statement     financial
                                      of  changes
   License in Malaysia to manage water leachedreport   inof  Lynas
                                                          equity    andRaretheEarths      Limited
                                                                                       changes
                                                                                consolidated        in(the
                                                                                                        cost  Company)
                                                                                                      statementestimates
                                                                                                                      of cashand
                                                                                                                              and    its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                      other
                                                                                                                                  flows    for  the year
 (collectively
then    ended,     the
                   notes  Group),
                              to  the  which    comprises
                                        financial
   purification (WLP) and neutralisation underflow             the
                                                     statements,      consolidated
                                                                       including     a    statement
                                                                                       assumptions
                                                                                         summary        of of  financial
                                                                                                           underpinning
                                                                                                            significant     position
                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                             accounting   as
                                                                                                                                       cost   at
                                                                                                                                               policies,
 30
and   Juneresidues
       the
   (NUF)     2022,
           directors    the     consolidated
                           declaration.
                          arising                  statement of profit or loss and
                                      from its production                              estimates. other comprehensive income, the
 consolidated
   process.         statement
               As at 30        Juneof     changes
                                       2022     the in    equity and the ►consolidated
                                                      Group’s                                         statement ofofcash
                                                                                       With the involvement                 our flows
                                                                                                                                  subject  formatter
                                                                                                                                                 the year
In
 thenourended,
         opinion,
   consolidated        the to
                   notes      accompanying
                      statement   the offinancial
                                           financial financial
                                                     statements,
                                                         positionreport     of the Group
                                                                       including                 is in accordance
                                                                                      aspecialists,
                                                                                         summary         of  significant with    the Corporations
                                                                                                                             accounting        policies,
                                                                                                         we assessed the appropriateness
Act   2001,
   includes
 and            including: of
               provisions
       the directors                 $148,080,000 in respect
                           declaration.                                                of the rehabilitation cost estimates.
   of such obligations as disclosed in Note D.5.
a.
 In our Giving   a true
          opinion,     theand       fair view of the
                              accompanying                consolidated
                                                     financial    report of  financial
                                                                                the Group
                                                                                ►           position
                                                                                       Assessed  is inthe    the Group
                                                                                                         ofqualifications,
                                                                                                        accordance       withas at         June 2022
                                                                                                                                      30Corporations
                                                                                                                                  competence
                                                                                                                                  the                and
   Estimating
        and  of    the
                 its     costs associated
                      consolidated         financialwithperformance
                                                           these            for  the    year    ended     on   that   date;   and
 Act   2001,    including:                                                             objectivity of the Group’s external experts,
   obligations requires significant judgement in
                                                                                       the work of whom, formed the basis of the
 a.relation
b.      Givingtoawhen
        Complying   truewith theAustralian
                             and   activities
                                    fair view of will  take
                                                 Accounting
                                                     the      place,
                                                                  Standards
                                                          consolidated  the financial    the
                                                                                  andGroup’s   Corporations
                                                                                            position
                                                                                                   initial          Regulations
                                                                                                         of rehabilitation
                                                                                                             the Group       as atcost 2001.
                                                                                                                                      30   June 2022
                                                                                                                                          estimates
   time required for rehabilitation to be effective,
        and of its consolidated financial performance for thefor                        year    ended on
                                                                                            Lynas     Advanced that date;     and Plant (LAMP),
                                                                                                                      Materials
Basis     for opinion
   the costs    associated with the activities and
                                                                                       Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Facility and Mt Weld
 b.economic
        Complyingassumptions
                        with Australiansuch as discount
                                                 Accountingrates  Standards andsites.    the Corporations Regulations 2001.
We    conducted       our     audit   in  accordance
   and inflation rates. Given the significant               with   Australian      Auditing       Standards. Our responsibilities under
those
 Basis   standards
          for
   judgements        andare further
                opinion     assumptions     described
                                                involved,  in the
                                                              the Auditor’s     ► responsibilities
                                                                                       Inquired     about  foranythe audit
                                                                                                                     changes  ofin the   financial
                                                                                                                                      license
report    section
   Group is           of our
               required        toreport.     We are
                                   continually          independent
                                                    reassess     and of the Group               in with
                                                                                       conditions   accordance respectwithtothetheauditor
                                                                                                                                      management
 We   conducted
independence
   confirm    that theourassumptions
                              audit in accordance
                      requirements          of the     Corporations
                                                 used are   with Australian
                                                                          Act 2001 Auditing
                                                                                       ofand
                                                                                           WLPthe Standards.
                                                                                                   and ethical      Our responsibilities
                                                                                                                  requirements
                                                                                                         NUF residues         and of       the under
                                                                                                                                      assessed     the
 those   standards
Accounting
   appropriate.           are    further    described      in the   Auditor’s
                  Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110              responsibilities
                                                                                       appropriateness     for   the
                                                                                                      Code ofofEthics audit
                                                                                                                     changes  of
                                                                                                                            for in the   financial
                                                                                                                                 Professional
                                                                                                                                       assumptions
 report
   Due   osection
Accountants the value of our
                    (including    report.
                             of the          We are
                                     Independence
                                       provision        independent
                                                          Standards)
                                                      relative   to net (theof the   Group
                                                                                  Code)      calculations
                                                                                       andthat      accordance
                                                                                                in are          within
                                                                                                          relevant    with
                                                                                                                       to the       auditor
                                                                                                                             theaudit
                                                                                                                           our  rehabilitation
                                                                                                                                          of the
 independence
financial
   assets    report
            and       requirements
                   totalin   Australia.and
                            liabilities     Wethe
                                            of   the   Corporations
                                                  have also     fulfilledAct
                                                       significant           our2001
                                                                                  other   and
                                                                                       cost      the
                                                                                              estimates
                                                                                            ethical    ethicalas  requirements
                                                                                                                   a result
                                                                                                        responsibilities      of
                                                                                                                               in these of the
                                                                                                                                            changed
                                                                                                                                   accordance       with
 Accounting
the               Professional
      Code.of estimation
   degree                           and and  Ethical used
                                          judgment       Standards
                                                                to Board’s APES        conditions.
                                                                                              110 Code of Ethics for Professional
 Accountants
   determine the    (including       Independence
                        rehabilitation                    Standards)
                                              provision this       was (the►Code)      Testedthatthearemathematical
                                                                                                          relevant to our        audit ofofthe
                                                                                                                             accuracy           the
We    believe
 financial       that
             report     the
                        in a audit
                             Australia. evidence
                                            We    have wealso
                                                           havefulfilled
                                                                   obtained  ourisother
                                                                                    sufficient
                                                                                            ethical and    appropriate toinprovide
                                                                                                        responsibilities           accordance a basis
   considered      to be         key   audit  matter.                                  rehabilitation models and assessed                    the with
for
 the our
      Code.opinion.
                                                                                       appropriateness of the assumed timing of
Key     audit that
                 matters                                                               cashflows, inflation and discount rate
 We believe              the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                                                                                       assumptions.
 for our opinion.
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional                   ►      Agreed judgment,
                                                                                                   payments    were    of most
                                                                                                                    made   during  significance
                                                                                                                                        the year inin
our   audit   of
 Key audit mattersthe    financial      report    of  the  current     year.   These   connection with the rehabilitationcontext
                                                                                          matters      were     addressed       in  the    of WLPof   to
our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming                              our    opinion
                                                                                       bank statements.      thereon,     but    we    do  not  provide
aKey   audit matters
    separate     opinionare         those matters
                               on these     matters. For that,the
                                                                in our
                                                                     matterprofessional
                                                                                below, our    judgment,
                                                                                                  description  were of of
                                                                                                                       how most     significance
                                                                                                                              our audit              in
                                                                                                                                             addressed
 our   audit  of  the    financial      report    of  the  current     year.   These
                                                                                ►      Inquired
                                                                                          matters   with
                                                                                                       were       Group’s expert
                                                                                                            theaddressed        in  the   of changes
                                                                                                                                          context    of
the matter is provided in that context.
 our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming                          to our
                                                                                           the opinion
                                                                                                 disturbed      areas since
                                                                                                             thereon,     but we  thedoprevious
                                                                                                                                           not provide
We have
 a  separate fulfilled
                 opinion  the     responsibilities
                               on these     matters. Fordescribed
                                                               the inmatterthe below,  annual
                                                                                 Auditor’s        reporting
                                                                                                responsibilities
                                                                                            our description       period.
                                                                                                                    of for
                                                                                                                       howthe ourauditauditof the
                                                                                                                                              addressed
financial
 the  matter report     sectioninofthat
                 is provided              our report,
                                              context.including in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit
included the performance of procedures designed to ►                            respondAssessed
                                                                                              to our  the   adequacy of
                                                                                                         assessment        of the
                                                                                                                               the disclosures
                                                                                                                                      risks of
 We   have   fulfilled     the    responsibilities       described      in the         relating to the
                                                                                 Auditor’s                    Group’sfor the
                                                                                                responsibilities         provisionsauditfor ofthe
                                                                                                                                                the
material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including
 financial   report     section       of  our  report,    including      in relation   restoration
                                                                                         to  this        and rehabilitation
                                                                                                    matter.     Accordingly,         in the
                                                                                                                                     our       notes to
                                                                                                                                           audit
procedures performed to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
 included the performance                 of procedures designed to respond            the financial       statements.of the risks of
                                                                                               to our assessment
accompanying           financial report.
 material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
 procedures performed to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
A  member firm of Ernst
 accompanying                & Youngreport.
                       financial       Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                                              57
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Independent Auditor’s Report

                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                            11 Mounts Bay Road                    Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                            Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                            11 Mounts Bay Road                    Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                            Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au                          3
                                            GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843




Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of
Lynas Rare Earths Limited
Independent
As lead auditor for auditor’s     report
                    the audit of the        toreport
                                     financial  the ofmembers     of Limited for the financial year
                                                       Lynas Rare Earths
Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon
Lynas
ended    Rare2022,
       30 June    Earths     Limited
                       I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
Report
a.         onincluded
                the audit
     No contraventions
information            in theof  the financial
                          of the auditor
                               Company’s          report
                                         independence
                                           2022 annual
                                                       requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                                        report other than the financial report and our
     relation to the audit;
auditor’s report thereon. We obtained the directors’ report that is to be included in the annual report,
Opinion
priorNo
      to contraventions
         the date of this of
                          auditor’s report, code
                                            and we
b.                           any applicable      of expect to obtain
                                                    professional     the remaining
                                                                 conduct  in relationsections of theand
                                                                                      to the audit;  annual
report  after the date of this auditor’s report.
We have audited the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
(collectively
c.             the Group),
      No non-audit    serviceswhich  comprises
                                 provided   that the   consolidated
                                                 contravene            statement
                                                               any applicable      of of
                                                                                code  financial position as
                                                                                         professional        at in
                                                                                                       conduct
OurJune
30   opinion
      relation on
           2022,to the
                   the financial
                        consolidated
                        audit.    report   does notof
                                       statement     cover  the
                                                        profit orother   information
                                                                  loss and             and we do not
                                                                             other comprehensive     income,    not
                                                                                                       and willthe
express   any  form   of  assurance   conclusion   thereon,   with  the  exception  of the  Remuneration
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year       Report
and our
This
then      related
      declaration
       ended,  notesassurance
                    is in respect
                       to the    opinion.
                                   of Lynas
                               financial      Rare Earths
                                         statements,         Limited
                                                        including  a and
                                                                      summary   entities it
                                                                            the of          controlled
                                                                                    significant        during the
                                                                                                accounting   policies,
financial
and  the year.
          directors declaration.
In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
and,
In ourin doing
        opinion,so,
                  theconsider   whether the
                       accompanying            other
                                         financial    information
                                                    report of the is    materially
                                                                    Group is       inconsistent
                                                                              in accordance      with
                                                                                              with  thethe financial
                                                                                                        Corporations
report
Act      or our
     2001,       knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
             including:

a.
If,
Ernst Giving
       & on
    based    athe
         Young true andwe
                  work              of the consolidated
                              viewperformed
                         fairhave                        financial
                                               on the other        positionobtained
                                                             information    of the Group
                                                                                    prior as at 30
                                                                                          to the   June
                                                                                                 date    2022
                                                                                                      of this
      and of its consolidated   financial performance   for the year ended   on that date; and
auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required
b.       to report
    Complying      that
                with    fact. WeAccounting
                     Australian  have nothing to reportand
                                           Standards    in this
                                                           the regard.
                                                                Corporations Regulations 2001.

Responsibilities
Basis for opinionof the directors for the financial report
Gavin Buckingham
We
Theconducted
Partner         our
     directors of  theaudit in accordance
                       Company              with Australian
                                  are responsible               Auditing Standards.
                                                      for the preparation              Our responsibilities
                                                                             of the financial                 under
                                                                                               report that gives   a
26  August
those       2022
       standards   are further  described  in  the  Auditor’s   responsibilities for the  audit of
true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 the financial
report
and forsection  of our report.
         such internal   control We  aredirectors
                                 as the  independent      of the Group
                                                     determine           in accordance
                                                                  is necessary  to enable with
                                                                                           thethe   auditor of the
                                                                                                preparation
independence
financial       requirements
          report that   gives a of the
                                true    Corporations
                                      and fair  view and Act  2001from
                                                           is free   and the  ethical
                                                                         material     requirements of
                                                                                   misstatement,     whether due to
Accounting   Professional
fraud or error.              and Ethical Standards      Board’s  APES   110  Code  of  Ethics for  Professional
Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
financial
In        report
   preparing  theinfinancial
                     Australia.  We have
                              report, the also   fulfilled
                                          directors    are our  other ethical
                                                           responsible         responsibilities
                                                                         for assessing           in accordance
                                                                                         the Group’s   ability to with
the Code.
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
for our opinion.
Auditor’s
Key       responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
    audit matters
Key  audit matters
Our objectives  are are  those reasonable
                     to obtain  matters that,  in our professional
                                             assurance             judgment,
                                                        about whether          were ofreport
                                                                        the financial   most assignificance
                                                                                                  a whole isin
our
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s context
    audit of the financial   report of the current year.  These matters  were  addressed    in the          of
                                                                                                    report that
our audit of the financial   report as a whole,  and in forming our  opinion thereon,   but  we  do  not
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an  provide
a separate
audit       opinion
      conducted   in on these matters.
                     accordance           ForAustralian
                                   with the   the matter  below, our
                                                        Auditing      description
                                                                 Standards         of howdetect
                                                                             will always  our audit    addressed
                                                                                                  a material
the matter  is provided   in that context.
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.
financial report section of our report, including in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit
included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
procedures performed to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
A member firm of Ernst
accompanying           & Youngreport.
                   financial   Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

58                                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                            11 Mounts Bay Road                    Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                            Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                            11 Mounts Bay Road                    Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                            Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au                                     4
                                            GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843




Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Lynas Rare Earths Limited
Independent auditor’s report to the members of
Report
As part of on  the in
           an audit audit  of thewith the
                      accordance  financial    report
                                          Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
Lynas     Rare   Earths    Limited
judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
Opinion
Report
►           onand
      Identify    the      audit
                        assess   theof    theof material
                                       risks    financial       report of the financial report, whether due to
                                                            misstatement
We have audited the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
(collectively
Opinion         the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
30 June 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
      detecting
We have    audited a material
                        the        misstatement
                             financial    reportinof  resulting
                                                      Lynasand   from
                                                              Rare       fraud  is higher    than  for one and
                                                                                                           resulting   from
consolidated     statement       of  changes        equity       theEarths    Limited
                                                                       consolidated      (the  Company)
                                                                                        statement               its for
                                                                                                     of cash flows  subsidiaries
                                                                                                                          the year
      error,
(collectively as  fraud    may    involve   collusion,   forgery,   intentional    omissions,     misrepresentations,     or the
then   ended, the     Group),
                notes to     the which     comprises
                                   financial            the including
                                              statements,    consolidated     statement
                                                                           a summary       ofof financial position
                                                                                              significant accounting as at
                                                                                                                         policies,
30    override
    June 2022,   of   internal
                     the          control.
                           consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
and the   directors     declaration.
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
In
►  our
then  Obtain
       ended,  an
        opinion,   understanding
                   the
                notes     accompanying
                          to             of internal
                             the financial    financialcontrol
                                              statements, report  of  the ato
                                                                 relevant
                                                               including   Group     auditofin
                                                                                theis in
                                                                             summary       accordance        theaudit
                                                                                                         design
                                                                                                order towith
                                                                                              significant          Corporations
                                                                                                          accounting     policies,
Act   procedures
     2001,   including:that  are
and the directors declaration.     appropriate     in the  circumstances,      but  not   for the  purpose  of expressing    an
      opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
a.
In ourGiving  a true
        opinion,    theand     fair view of the
                          accompanying              consolidated
                                              financial   report of financial
                                                                      the Groupposition     of the Group
                                                                                    is in accordance      as at
                                                                                                        with the30Corporations
                                                                                                                     June 2022
      and  of its
      Evaluate the
Act 2001,
►                  consolidated
             including:               financial   performance      for  the year   ended     on that date;
                         appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting  and
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
b.
a. Complying
      Giving a true  withandAustralian
                               fair view Accounting       Standards
                                           of the consolidated          and the
                                                                    financial     Corporations
                                                                                position            Regulations
                                                                                            of the Group  as at 302001.
                                                                                                                     June 2022
      and  of its  consolidated       financial   performance      for  the year   ended     on that
      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting date; and
Basis for opinion
►

b. and,    based with
     Complying     on the   audit evidence
                         Australian          obtained,
                                     Accounting            whether
                                                    Standards     andathe
                                                                        material  uncertainty
                                                                            Corporations          exists related
                                                                                           Regulations      2001.to
We conducted     our audit inthat
     events or conditions       accordance
                                    may castwith     Australian
                                                significant   doubtAuditing
                                                                      on theStandards.    Our to
                                                                              Group’s ability    responsibilities
                                                                                                    continue as aundergoing
those  standards
Basis for   opinion
     concern.   If  areconclude
                   we    further that
                                  described
                                       a     in  the Auditor’s
                                          material                 responsibilities
                                                     uncertainty exists,      we arefor the audit
                                                                                     required    to of
                                                                                                     drawtheattention
                                                                                                              financialin
report
     oursection  of our
          auditor’s       report.
                      report       We are
                              to the       independent
                                     related   disclosuresofinthetheGroup   in report
                                                                      financialaccordance
                                                                                        or, ifwith
                                                                                                suchthe  auditor are
                                                                                                       disclosures
We conducted requirements
independence     our audit in accordance
                                  of the       with Australian
                                         Corporations      Act 2001Auditing   Standards.  Our responsibilities       under
     inadequate, to modify our       opinion.   Our conclusions      areand  the
                                                                          based  ethical
                                                                                 on      requirements
                                                                                    the audit    evidenceof the
                                                                                                             obtained up
those  standards
Accounting
     to the date    are  further
              Professional        described
                              and Ethical
                   of our auditor’s   report. in the
                                           Standards  Auditor’s
                                                However,  Board’s  responsibilities
                                                             futureAPES    110
                                                                      events        for
                                                                              or Code   the   audit
                                                                                      of Ethics
                                                                                 conditions   mayfor  of the  financial
                                                                                                        Professional
                                                                                                     cause   the Group to
report  section
Accountants      of  our
               (including report.  We are
                            Independence
     cease to continue as a going concern. independent
                                             Standards)      of
                                                            (thethe  Group
                                                                  Code)     in
                                                                          that accordance
                                                                               are relevant   with
                                                                                              to    the
                                                                                                  our     auditor
                                                                                                        audit  of the
independence
financial        requirements
          report in   Australia. of
                                  Wethe   Corporations
                                      have also    fulfilledAct
                                                              our2001
                                                                   otherand  the ethical
                                                                          ethical        requirements
                                                                                  responsibilities    in of     the
                                                                                                         accordance     with
Accounting
the
►   Code.     Professional    and  Ethical Standards      Board’s   APES   110   Code of  Ethics   for
     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the    Professional
Accountants    (including
     disclosures,           Independence
                    and whether              Standards)
                                    the financial   report(the     Code) that
                                                             represents    the are relevanttransactions
                                                                               underlying      to our auditand of the
                                                                                                                   events
We  believe
financial    that the
          report   in   audit evidence
                      Australia.  We     wealso
                                      have   havefulfilled
                                                     obtained ourisother
                                                                    sufficient and
                                                                          ethical   appropriate toinprovide
                                                                                  responsibilities                a basis
                                                                                                         accordance     with
     in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
for
the our
    Code.opinion.
   Obtain matters
Key audit
►         sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
 We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
      business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
 for our opinion.
Key audit    matters
      responsible        are
                       for    those
                            the       matters
                                 direction,      that, in our
                                              supervision   and professional
                                                                  performance judgment,   were audit.
                                                                                 of the Group    of mostWesignificance   in
                                                                                                             remain solely
our  audit
 Key audit   of the
               matters
      responsible     financial   report   of
                       for our audit opinion. the  current  year.   These  matters   were  addressed    in the  context  of
our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
aKey
We    audit matters
   separate   opinionwith
     communicate         are  those
                          on these    matters
                               the directors     that,the
                                                       in our
                                      matters.regarding,
                                                  For     matterprofessional
                                                             among  below,
                                                                      otherourjudgment,
                                                                             matters,  thewere
                                                                                 description  of of
                                                                                                 how
                                                                                            planned most
                                                                                                       our audit
                                                                                                      scope        timinginof
                                                                                                           significance
                                                                                                              and addressed
 our audit
     matter
the audit    of
             andthe   financial
              is provided
                  significant     report
                               in that     of the
                                 audit context.    current  year.   These  matters   were  addressed    in the  context
                                         findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that       ofwe
 our audit   of the   financial
identify during our audit.        report   as  a whole,  and   in forming  our  opinion  thereon,   but  we  do  not  provide
We have
 a separate fulfilled
              opinion   the  responsibilities
                          on these               described
                                      matters. For    the in    the below,
                                                           matter    Auditor’s  responsibilities
                                                                            our description   of for
                                                                                                 howtheouraudit
                                                                                                            auditof the
                                                                                                                   addressed
financial
 the matterreport
               is    sectioninofthat
                  provided          our report,
                                        context.  including in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit
We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
 We have misstatement
material    fulfilled the responsibilities
                                of the financial described   in the
                                                   report. The       Auditor’s
                                                                  results of ourresponsibilities  for the
                                                                                  audit procedures,        audit ofthe
                                                                                                       including     the
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
 financial  report   section    of  our  report,  including   in relation to this matter.  Accordingly,
procedures performed to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the            our  audit
taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
 included the performance
accompanying                        of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
                    financial report.
 material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
 procedures performed to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
A  member firm of Ernst
 accompanying            & Youngreport.
                    financial    Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                       59
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Independent Auditor’s Report

                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                            11 Mounts Bay Road                    Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                            Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au
                                            GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                                            Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                            11 Mounts Bay Road                    Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                            Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au                           5
                                            GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843




Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of
Lynas Rare Earths Limited
Independent
As  lead auditor for auditor’s          report
                         the audit of the   financial toreport
                                                          the ofmembers          of Limited for the financial year
                                                                    Lynas Rare Earths
Lynas
From
ended   the Rare2022,
             matters
         30 June      Earths
                        communicatedLimited
                             I declare to to
                                           the best of my knowledge and belief,matters
                                             the   directors,  we  determine   those            thatbeen:
                                                                                       there have     were of most
significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
matters.
Report
a.          We
             ondescribe
                  the audit
       No contraventions    these   matters
                                   of
                               of the             our auditor’s
                                              inindependence
                                      the financial
                                      auditor                     report unless law
                                                             report
                                                                 requirements        or Corporations
                                                                                 of the  regulation precludes
                                                                                                        Act 2001public
                                                                                                                  in
disclosure    about   the  matter
       relation to he audit;        or when,    in extremely    rare circumstances,    we  determine   that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
Opinion
reasonably
b.     No      be expectedof
           contraventions       toany
                                   outweigh    the code
                                      applicable    publicofinterest benefits of
                                                              professional        such
                                                                            conduct     communication.
                                                                                     in relation  to the audit; and
We have audited the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
Report
c.     No on
(collectively     the
                the
           non-audit     audit
                    Group),
                       services    of
                                which the   Remuneration
                                       comprises
                                   provided  that the             anyReport
                                                         consolidated
                                                    contravene           statement
                                                                      applicable        financial
                                                                                     of of
                                                                                  code             position as
                                                                                           professional        at in
                                                                                                          conduct
30 June     2022,
       relation          consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
                to the audit.
Opinion
consolidatedon the    Remuneration
                 statement of              Report
                                   changes in    equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
This   declaration
then ended,     notesis in respect
                        to the       of Lynas
                                 financial       Rare Earths
                                           statements,          Limited
                                                          including   a and   the of
                                                                        summary   entities it controlled
                                                                                      significant         during the
                                                                                                   accounting  policies,
financial
and
We   have year.
      the  directors
            audited thedeclaration.
                           Remuneration Report included in the directors’ report for the year ended 30
June 2022.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
Act  2001,
In our        including:
         opinion,  the Remuneration Report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited for the year ended 30 June
2022,
a.     complies
    Giving      with
           a true andsection   300A
                       fair view     of the
                                 of the     Corporations
                                        consolidated     Act 2001.
                                                     financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2022
Ernst & Young
    and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and
Responsibilities
b. Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
Basis  for opinion
Remuneration    Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
Gavin Buckingham
responsibility
We             is
   conducted our
Partner           to audit
                     express  an opinion on
                           in accordance    theAustralian
                                          with  Remuneration   Report,
                                                          Auditing     based on
                                                                   Standards.   our
                                                                              Our   audit conducted
                                                                                  responsibilities     in
                                                                                                   under
accordance
26 August
those        with  Australian  Auditing Standards.
           2022 are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
      standards
report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants
Ernst & Young (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
the Code.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for ourBuckingham
Gavin   opinion.
Partner
Key  audit matters
Perth
26 August
Key        2022 are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
    audit matters
our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
a separate opinion on these matters. For the matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
financial report section of our report, including in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit
included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
procedures performed to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
A member firm of Ernst
accompanying           & Youngreport.
                   financial   Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

60                                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Financial Statements
as at 30 June 2022


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Comprehensive Income                               62

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position	                                                   63

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity	                                                   64

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows	                                                           65

Notes to the Financial Statements	                                                             66



About this Report                                66    D     Other Assets and Liabilities        91
                                                       D.1   Trade and Other Receivables         91
Basis of preparation                             66
                                                       D.2   Inventories                         91
A     Earnings for the Year                      68    D.3   Other non-current assets           93
A.1   Segment revenue and expenses               68    D.4   Trade and Other Payables           94
A.2   Financial income and expenses              71    D.5   Provisions and Employee benefits   94
A.3   Earnings per share                         72
                                                       E     Other Items                        97
A.4   Income taxes                               73
                                                       E.1   Contingent Liabilities             97
B     Production and Exploration Assets          77    E.2   Leases and other commitments       97
B.1	Property, plant and equipment and                 E.3   Auditor Remuneration               99
     mine development                            77
                                                       E.4   Subsidiaries                       99
B.2   Impairment of non-current assets           81
                                                       E.5   Parent Entity Information          100
C     Cash, Borrowings and Capital               83    E.6	Entities under a Deed of Cross
C.1   Cash and cash equivalents                  83         Guarantee                           100

C.2   Short term deposits                        84    E.7	Employee costs and share based
                                                            payments                            102
C.3   Interest Bearing Liabilities               84
                                                       E.8   Other Items                        106
C.4   Financing Facilities                       86
                                                       E.9   Subsequent events                  106
C.5   Contributed Equity                         87
C.6   Reserves                                   88




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                   61
Financial Statements


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
and Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 30 June 2022




                                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                    Note               A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000

Revenue                                                                               A.1              920,014         489,024
Cost of sales                                                                         A.1             (348,381)        (302,242)

Gross profit                                                                                           571,633         186,782

General and administration expenses                                                   A.1              (42,927)         (27,154)
Net foreign exchange gain                                                                                11,705           8,717
Other income                                                                                               229             1,155

Profit from operating activities                                                                     540,640           169,500

Financial income                                                                     A.2                 4,636            2,927
Financial expenses                                                                   A.2                (9,520)         (14,940)

Net financial expenses                                                                                 (4,884)          (12,013)

Profit before income tax                                                                              535,756          157,487

Income tax benefit / (expense)                                                       A.4                 5,068            (404)

Profit for the year                                                                                  540,824           157,083


Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year net of income tax
that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                16,951         (24,750)

Total other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of
income tax                                                                                              16,951         (24,750)

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable
to equity holders of the Company                                                                      557,775          132,333




                                                                                                     cents per        cents per
                                                                                    Note                share            share


Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                           A.3                 59.95            18.08
Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                         A.3                 59.70            17.99




The Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the
notes to the financial statements.




62                                                                                                        www.LynasRareEarths.com
Consolidated Statement
of Financial Position
as at 30 June 2022




                                                                                                             2022                 2021
                                                                                        Note               A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                C.1              965,584             580,827
Short term deposits                                                                      C.2                     –            100,000
Trade and other receivables                                                              D.1              109,866              23,890
Prepayments                                                                                                  6,712              6,442
Inventories                                                                              D.2               81,462              62,888

Total current assets                                                                                     1,163,624            774,047

Inventories                                                                              D.2                     851            4,434
Property, plant and equipment                                                            B.1               757,346            607,297
Deferred development expenditure                                                         B.1                48,996             28,347
Intangible assets                                                                                               737               405
Deferred tax assets                                                                      A.4                 11,344                 –
Other non-current assets                                                                 D.3                78,734             63,060

Total non-current assets                                                                                 898,008              703,543

Total assets                                                                                             2,061,632           1,477,590

Liabilities
Interest payable                                                                                              1,673              1,773
Trade and other payables                                                                 D.4                64,932             40,828
Borrowings                                                                               C.3                21,903             20,073
Current tax liability                                                                                        5,685                  84
Employee benefits                                                                        D.5                 4,206               3,331
Provisions                                                                               D.5                23,695             40,874
Lease liabilities                                                                                              1,531               778

Total current liabilities                                                                                  123,625             107,741

Borrowings                                                                               C.3               164,898             151,049
Employee benefits                                                                        D.5                    978                696
Provisions                                                                               D.5                124,385            133,392
Lease liabilities                                                                                              2,131             1,292

Total non-current liabilities                                                                             292,392             286,429

Total liabilities                                                                                          416,017            394,170

Net assets                                                                                               1,645,614           1,083,420

Equity
Share capital                                                                            C.5             1,859,598           1,859,598
Accumulated losses                                                                                         (174,770)           (715,594)
Reserves                                                                                 C.6                 (39,214)           (60,584)

Total equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company                                           1,645,614           1,083,420



The Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                        63
Financial Statements


Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 30 June 2022




                                                                                                           Equity settled employee

                                                                Accumulated losses
                                                                                     Foreign currency
                                                                                                           benefits reserve          Warrant reserve
                                              Share capital                          translation reserve                                                  Other reserve

                                                                A$ ‘000                                    A$ ‘000                   A$ ‘000              A$ ‘000
                                                                                                                                                                             Total
                                   Note       A$ ‘000                                A$ ‘000                                                                                 A$ ‘000


 Balance at 1 July 2021                   1,859,598           (715,594)              (136,521)                54,172                 21,765                           –   1,083,420
 Other comprehensive
                                                          –                     –       16,951                               –                     –                  –      16,951
 gain for the year
 Total profit for the year                                –   540,824                               –                        –                     –                  –    540,824

 Total comprehensive                                      –   540,824                  16,951                                –                     –                  –    557,775
 profit for the year

 Employee remuneration
 settled through share-
 based payments                    E.7                    –                     –                   –            4,419                             –                  –       4,419

 Balance at 30 June 2022                  1,859,598           (174,770)              (119,570)              58,591                   21,765                           –   1,645,614




 Balance at 1 July 2020                   1,424,847           (872,677)               (111,771)              51,708                  21,765               4,509             518,381
 Other comprehensive
 loss for the year                                        –                     –    (24,750)                                –                     –                  –     (24,750)
 Total profit for the year                                –    157,083                              –                        –                     –                  –     157,083

 Total comprehensive                                      –   157,083                (24,750)                                –                     –                  –    132,333
 profit for the year

 Issue of shares, net of
 issues costs                               413,867                             –                   –                        –                     –                  –     413,867
 Conversion of convertible
 bonds                             C.5       20,884                             –                   –                        –                     –      (4,509)            16,375
 Employee remuneration
 settled through share-
 based payments                    E.7                    –                     –                   –          2,464                               –                  –      2,464

 Balance at 30 June 2021                  1,859,598           (715,594)              (136,521)              54,172                   21,765                           –   1,083,420




The Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




64                                                                                                                                                     www.LynasRareEarths.com
Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows
For the year ended 30 June 2022




                                                                                                            2022          2021
                                                                                       Note               A$ ‘000      A$ ‘000

Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts from customers                                                                                   855,012     465,422
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                      (319,887)    (242,348)
Payments for discharge of rehabilitation obligation                                     D.5               (55,967)            –
Royalties paid                                                                                            (18,404)      (7,735)
Income taxes paid                                                                                            (682)        (274)

Net cash from operating activities                                                      C.1             460,072       215,065

Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for property, plant and equipment and development expenditure                                   (186,302)    (40,444)
Grants received in relation to property, plant and equipment                                                6,826             –
Security bonds paid                                                                                        (5,655)         (83)
Security bonds refunded                                                                                        10           19
Interest received                                                                                           3,943        2,505
Deposit as collateral for AELB                                                                             (2,423)        (255)
Redemption of / (Investment in) term deposit                                                             100,000      (100,000)

Net cash used in investing activities                                                                     (83,601)    (138,258)

Cash flows from financing activities
Interest and other financing costs paid                                                                    (6,556)       (6,431)
Proceeds from the issue of share capital                                                                         –    425,324
Payments related to the issue of share capital                                                                   –      (11,458)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                              (1,590)     (1,844)
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                    (5,666)            –

Net cash (used in) / provided from financing activities                                                   (13,812)    405,591

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                362,659      482,398
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                   580,827        101,731
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations (net) on cash held                                                   22,098        (3,302)

Closing cash and cash equivalents                                                       C.1             965,584       580,827




The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                65
Financial Statements




Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2022




ABOUT THIS REPORT
Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the “Company”) is a for-profit company domiciled and incorporated in Australia.
The financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited as at and for the year ended 30 June 2022 comprises the
Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”). The financial report was approved by the Board
of Directors (the “Directors”) on 26 August 2022.
The Group is principally engaged in the extraction and processing of rare earth minerals, primarily in Australia and
Malaysia.
The address of the registered office of the Company is Suite 1, 1st Floor 45 Royal Street, East Perth 6004, Australia.



BASIS OF PREPARATION
Statement of compliance
The financial report is a general purpose financial report and has been prepared in accordance with Australian
Accounting Standards (“AASs”) issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (“AASB”) and the Corporations
Act 2001.
The financial report also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards and Interpretations (“IFRS”) as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).

Going concern
The financial report has been prepared using the going concern assumption.

Basis of measurement
The financial report has been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for the borrowings which are at
amortised cost.
Information as disclosed in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the current year is for the 12 month period ended
30 June 2022. Information for the comparative year is for the 12 month period ended 30 June 2021.

Consolidation of subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company or the Group. Control is achieved when the Company or Group
has power over the investee, is exposed, or has the rights to variable returns from its involvement with the investee;
and has the ability to use its power to affect its returns. In assessing control, potential voting rights that are presently
exercisable are taken into account. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the financial report from
the date control (or effective control) commences until the date that control ceases. As per Note E.4 all entities
within the Group are 100% owned and controlled.
Intra-group balances and unrealised items of income and expense arising from intra-group transactions are elim-
inated in preparing the financial report. Unrealised gains arising from transactions with associates are eliminated
against the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the
same manner as gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

Rounding of amounts
The Company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191 issued by the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission, in relation to the “rounding off” of amounts. Amounts in the Directors’ Report and
Financial Report have been rounded off, in accordance with the Instrument, to the nearest thousand dollars, unless
otherwise stated.




66                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
Currency and foreign exchange
The financial report of the Company and the Group is presented in Australian Dollars (“AUD”), which is both the
Company’s and the Group’s presentation currency.
Items included in the financial report of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).

Foreign currency transactions
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing on the
dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date
are translated to the functional currency of the respective entities at the exchange rate at that date. Non-monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated to the
functional currency of the respective entities at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency of the
respective entities at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined.
Foreign currency differences arising on translation are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a
component of the profit or loss.

Foreign operations
The results and financial position of those entities that have a functional currency different from the presentation
currency of the Group are translated into the Group’s presentation currency as follows:
   • assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the
      reporting date of the statement of financial position;
   • income and expense items for each profit or loss item are translated at average exchange rates;
   • items of other comprehensive income are translated at average exchange rates; and
   • all resulting exchange differences are recognised as a separate component of equity.

As at 30 June 2022, the entities that have a different functional currency to the Group’s presentation currency (AUD)
are Lynas Africa Limited, Lynas USA LLC (USD functional currency) and Lynas Malaysia Sdn Bhd (MYR functional
currency).

Change in functional currency
The functional currency of Lynas Rare Earths Ltd (Parent entity) has been USD. Following the equity raise and
extinguishment of the convertible bonds in the prior year, management exercised its judgement that the func-
tional currency changed. This judgement was influenced by the Parent entity primarily holding investments in its
operating subsidiaries and raising its funding (debt and equity) in Australian dollars (“AUD”).
The change in functional currency to AUD is accounted for prospectively from 31 August 2020. All items are trans-
lated into the new functional currency using the exchange rate at the date of the change. The resultant translated
amounts for non-monetary items are thereafter treated as their historical cost.

Foreign exchange risk management
As a result of the Group’s international operations, foreign exchange risk exposures exist on purchases, assets and
borrowings that are denominated in foreign currencies (i.e. currencies other than the functional currency of each of
the Group’s operating entities). The currencies in which these transactions are primarily denominated are the AUD,
USD and MYR.

The Group takes advantage of natural offsets to the extent possible. Therefore, when commercially feasible, the
Group borrows in the same currencies in which cash flows from operations are generated. Generally the Group
does not use forward exchange contracts to hedge residual foreign exchange risk arising from receipts and
payments denominated in foreign currencies. However, when considered appropriate the Group may enter into
forward exchange contracts to hedge foreign exchange risk arising from specific transactions.

The Group’s primary exposure to foreign exchange risk is on the translation of net assets of Group entities which are
denominated in currencies other than AUD, which is the Group’s presentation currency. The impact of movements
in exchange rates is recognised primarily in the other comprehensive income component of the Group’s statement
of comprehensive income.

Certain subsidiaries within the Group are exposed to foreign exchange risk on purchases denominated in curren-
cies that are not the functional currency of that subsidiary. In these circumstances, a change in exchange rates



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                         67
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




BASIS OF PREPARATION continued

would impact the net operating profit recognised in the profit or loss component of the Group’s statement of
comprehensive income. Details of this exposure is detailed in the capital risks in Section C of this report.



A. EARNINGS FOR THE YEAR
This section includes the results and performance of the Group. It includes segmental information and details
about the Group’s tax position.


A.1      Segment revenue and expenses
AASB 8 Operating Segments (“AASB 8”) requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal
reports about components of the Group that are regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Makers
(CODM) in order to allocate resources to the segment and to assess its performance.

At year end, the Group’s CODM are the Board of Directors of the Company, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief
Financial Officer, the VP Upstream, the VP Downstream, the General Counsel & Company Secretary, the VP
Malaysia, the VP People & Culture and the VP Strategy and Investor Relations. Information reported to the Group’s
CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of performance currently focuses on the operation of
the Group’s integrated rare earth extraction and process facilities.

The Group has only one reportable segment under AASB 8 being its rare earth operations. The CODM does not
review the business activities of the Group based on geography.

All of the Group’s revenue is derived through the sale of Rare Earth products and is sold to non-Australian
customers.

The accounting policies applied by this segment are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Results from
operating activities represent the profit earned by this segment without allocation of interest income and expense
and income tax benefit (expense). The CODM assess the performance of the operating segment based on adjusted
EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net profit before income tax expense, net of financial expenses, deprecia-
tion and amortisation and adjusted to exclude certain significant items, including but not limited to such items as
employee remuneration settled through share-based payments, restructuring costs, unrealised gains or losses on
derivatives, gains or losses on the sale of non-strategic assets, asset impairments and write downs.

51% (FY21: 66%) of the Group’s non-current assets are located in Malaysia and the remaining 49% (FY21: 34%) are in
Australia.

Recognition and measurement
Revenue from contracts with customers
Rare Earth Product sales:
The Group derives revenue from the sale of rare earth products, which are governed by a sales contract with
their customers. Revenue is recognised in relation to rare earth sales at the time control transfers to customers
at the date of loading/shipment. Sales made under CIF incoterms, where the Group is responsible for freight and
shipping, are generally recognised at the point in time when the rare earth products are loaded onto the vessel for
shipment. In these sales, the freight and shipping service represents a separate performance obligation to the sale
of the rare earth products. For those sales not made under CIF incoterms, this timing is upon the delivery of the rare
earth products.

Provisionally priced sales:
Certain of the Group’s sales are provisionally priced, where the final price depends on the sale price of products
sold to a third party outside of the Lynas transaction. Adjustments to the sales price occur based on movements in
market prices up to the secondary point of sale. Under AASB 15 any fair value adjustments on receivables subject
to Quotational Pricing (QP) are recognised in other revenue and not included in revenue from contracts with
customers.




68                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
Shipping services:
As noted above, a portion of the Group’s rare earth product sales are sold on CIF incoterms, whereby the Group
is responsible for providing freight and shipping services after the date that it transfers control of the rare earth
products to the customer. Under AASB 15, it has been concluded that freight and shipping represent a separate
performance obligation and that the Group acts as principal. As a result, a portion of the transaction price is
required to be allocated to this performance obligation and will be recognised over time on a gross basis as the
services are provided. The Group has concluded that for the FY22 period the amount is insignificant and therefore
not disclosed separately in Note A.1.

Royalties
Obligations arising from royalty arrangements are recognised as current liabilities and included as part of the cost
of goods sold in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of profit or loss. Lynas currently pays
royalties to the Western Australian Department of Minerals and Petroleum for the export of Rare Earth concentrate
to Malaysia.

Financial Income and Expenses
Financial income comprises interest income and gains on derivative financial instruments in respect of investing
activities that are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss.
Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method.

Financial expenses comprise interest expense, impairment losses recognised on financial assets (except for trade
receivables) and losses in respect of financing activities on derivative instruments that are recognised in the
statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss. All borrowing costs not qualifying for
capitalisation are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss using
the effective interest method.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                      69
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




A.1 Segment revenue and expenses continued
                                                      For the year ended 30 June 2022                 For the year ended 30 June 2021

                                                                                        Total                                            Total
                                                    Rare Earth      Corporate/    Continuing       Rare Earth      Corporate/      Continuing
                                                    operations     Unallocated    Operations       operations     Unallocated      Operations
                                                        A$’000         A$’000         A$’000           A$’000         A$’000           A$’000


Business segment reporting
Revenue from contracts with customers                  893,162                       893,162         472,043                –        472,043
Other revenue:
  Revenue adjustments                                   26,852                        26,852            16,981              –           16,981

Total revenue                                         920,014                –      920,014         489,024                 –        489,024

Cost of sales (excl depreciation)                     (291,897)              –      (291,897)        (239,419)              –        (239,419)
Cost of sales (depreciation)                           (56,484)              –       (56,484)         (62,823)              –         (62,823)

Gross profit                                          571,633                –       571,633         186,782                –        186,782
Employee and production costs net of
costs recovered through production                      (5,299)         (7,353)       (12,652)         (2,383)         (3,297)         (5,680)
Depreciation expenses net of cost
recovered through production                             (1,958)        (2,109)       (4,067)            (502)         (2,459)          (2,961)
Other general and administration
expenses(1)                                            (17,660)         (8,547)      (26,207)           (9,412)         (9,101)        (18,513)

Total general and admin expenses                       (24,917)       (18,009)       (42,926)         (12,297)       (14,857)         (27,154)

Other income   (2)
                                                              –            229            229                –           1,155           1,155
Net foreign exchange gain                                     –         11,705         11,705                –          8,717           8,717

Profit / (loss) before interest and tax
(“EBIT”)                                              546,716          (6,075)      540,641          174,485          (4,985)        169,500
Other financial income                                                                 4,636                                            2,927
Financial expenses                                                                    (9,520)                                         (14,940)

Profit before income tax                                                            535,757                                          157,487
Income tax expense                                                                    5,068                                             (404)

Profit for the year                                                                 540,824                                           157,083


EBIT (3)                                               546,716          (6,075)      540,641          174,485          (4,985)        169,500
Depreciation and amortisation                           58,443           2,109        60,552           63,325           2,459          65,784

EBITDA (3)                                            605,159          (3,966)       601,193         237,810          (2,526)        235,284
Included in EBITDA:
Non-cash employee remuneration
settled through share based payments
comprising:
  Share based payments expense
  for the year                                                –          4,419         4,419                 –         2,464            2,464
Other income                                                  –           (229)         (229)                –          (1,155)          (1,155)

Adjusted EBITDA (3)                                   605,159             224       605,383          237,810           (1,217)       236,593

Total assets                                          1,118,374      943,247       2,061,632        868,004         609,586         1,477,590
Total liabilities                                    (208,699)       (207,318)      (416,017)       (215,350)       (178,820)        (394,170)

(1)	Other general and administration expenses include statutory, consulting, insurance, IT, marketing and general office costs.
(2) 	Other income in FY21 relates to grants received for submissions for engineering work performed in relation to a Heavy Rare Earths
     facility in the U.S. A small additional amount related to the extinguishment of lease liabilities.
(3)	EBIT, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non IFRS measures.




70                                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
A.2      Financial income and expenses

                                                                    For the year ended 30 June

                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                       A$ ‘000           A$ ‘000

Interest income on cash and cash equivalents                             4,636             2,927

Total financial income                                                   4,636            2,927

Interest expense on financial liabilities:
  Interest expense on JARE loan facility                                 (5,729)          (5,400)
  Interest expense on convertible bond facility                               –              (34)
  Unwinding of effective interest on convertible bond facility                –             (134)
  Unwinding of effective interest on JARE loan facility                 (6,754)           (6,146)
  Non-cash adjustment to financial liabilities                             977              995
Interest capitalised to qualifying assets                                5,882               751
Unwinding of discount on restoration and rehabilitation provision       (4,026)           (4,340)
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                     (223)              (96)
Discount unwinding on AELB deposit                                         280              386
Financing transaction costs and fees                                      (639)             (610)
Unrealised foreign exchange (loss) / gain on intercompany balance          712              (312)

Total financial expenses                                                (9,520)         (14,940)

Net financial expenses                                                  (4,884)          (12,013)




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                     71
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




A.3      Earnings per share
Recognition and measurement
Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing net loss or profit for the year attributable to ordinary
equity holders of the parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per share adjusts the amount used in the determination of the basic earnings per share to take
into account the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordi-
nary shares and the weighted average number of additional shares that would have been outstanding assuming
the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. Potential ordinary shares are treated as dilutive when, and
only when, their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease earnings per share from continuing operations.
The earnings and weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculations of basic and diluted
earnings per share are as follows:

                                                                                                 As at 30 June

                                                                                                2022                 2021
                                                                                              A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Net earnings attributed to ordinary shareholders                                             540,824              158,096

Earnings used in calculating basic earnings per share                                        540,824              158,096

Net earnings impact of assumed conversions of diluted EPS                                           –                   –

Earnings used in calculating diluted earnings per share                                      540,824              158,096

Number of ordinary shares on issue (‘000)                                                     902,412             901,079

Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating
basic earnings per share (‘000)                                                               902,168             868,750

Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating
diluted earnings per share (‘000)                                                            905,898              873,197


                                                                                            cents per            cents per
                                                                                               share                share

Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                      59.95               18.08
Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                                    59.70                17.99


The following dilutive shares are included in the share base for the calculation of dilutive earnings per share:

                                                                                                 As at 30 June

                                                                                                2022                 2021
                                                                                                ‘000                 ‘000

Performance rights                                                                              3,731               4,335

Total                                                                                           3,731               4,335




72                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
A.4      Income taxes
A.4.1    Income tax expense
                                                                                           For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                              A$ ‘000           A$ ‘000

Current tax
Current tax expense in respect of the current year                                              6,276              404
Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the current tax in prior years             –                  –

                                                                                                6,276              404

Deferred tax
Deferred tax (benefit) / expense recognised in the year                                        (11,344)                 –

Total income tax (benefit) / expense relating to the continuing operations                     (5,068)             404


A.4.2 Reconciliation of income tax to tax expense
                                                                                           For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                              A$ ‘000           A$ ‘000

Profit before tax for continuing operations                                                   535,756           157,487
Income tax expense / (benefit) calculated at 30% (2021: 30%)                                  160,727           47,246
Add / (deduct):
  Effect of expenses that are not deductible and income that is not assessable
  in determining taxable profit                                                                  1,234           (1,409)
  Effect of difference in tax rate in subsidiaries and branches                                   (174)             (111)
  Effect of current year losses not recognised                                                    428              647
  Tax effect of prior period losses and temporary differences previously unrecognised,
  recognised in the current year                                                              (167,283)         (45,930)
  Other adjustments                                                                                  –              (39)

Total current year income tax (benefit) / expense                                              (5,068)             404




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                          73
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




A.4      Income taxes continued

A.4.3 Movements in deferred tax balances
                                                     Balance     Recognised                                   Balance
                                                  at 30 June        in profit     Relating   Recognised    at 30 June
                                                         2021         or loss    to equity        in OCI         2022
                                                      A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000

Temporary differences
Inventory                                              (894)             (86)           –             –          (981)
Development expenditure                              (18,351)         (3,773)           –             –        (22,124)
Property, plant and equipment                         3,264           (3,433)           –             –          (169)
Borrowings                                           10,453            5,832            –             –        16,285
Trade payables                                           126              13            –             –           140
Business related costs                                3,584            (990)            –             –         2,594
Lease liabilities                                       416             556             –             –           982
Provisions                                           14,846             (229)           –             –        14,617

                                                     13,444           (2,110)           –             –        11,344


(Unrecognised) / recognised deferred tax assets     (13,444)         13,444             –             –              –

Net deferred tax asset recognised                          –          11,344            –             –        11,344


                                                     Balance     Recognised                                   Balance
                                                  at 30 June        in profit     Relating   Recognised    at 30 June
                                                        2020          or loss    to equity        in OCI          2021
                                                      A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000

Temporary differences
Inventory                                              (839)             (55)           –             –          (894)
Development expenditure                             (18,846)            495             –             –        (18,351)
Property, plant and equipment                         2,244            1,020            –             –         3,264
Borrowings                                           13,483           (3,030)           –             –        10,453
Trade payables                                          109               17            –             –           126
Business related costs                                  224              (77)       3,437             –         3,584
Lease liabilities                                       727              (311)          –             –           416
Provisions                                            14,415             431            –             –        14,846

                                                      11,517          (1,510)      3,437              –       13,444


(Unrecognised) / recognised deferred tax assets       (11,517)         1,510       (3,437)            –       (13,444)

Net deferred tax asset / (liability) recognised            –               –            –             –              –




74                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
A.4.4 Unrecognised deferred tax assets
                                                                                                  As at 30 June

                                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                                               A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses for which no
deferred tax assets have been recognised are attributable to the following:
Gross revenue losses
Australia                                                                                            –            99,083
Malaysia                                                                                         85,251           160,370
United States                                                                                    2,639              1,919
Malawi                                                                                             196               458

Gross capital losses
Australia                                                                                            –              2,145

Capital allowances
Malaysia                                                                                        49,003            64,881

Deductible temporary differences (tax effected)                                                      –             13,444


Recognition and measurement
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised
directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised with the associated items on a net
basis. Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year using tax rates enacted or substan-
tially enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
Deferred tax is recognised using the balance sheet method of providing for temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the carrying amounts for taxation
purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for the following temporary differences: the initial recognition of goodwill,
the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects
neither accounting nor taxable profit, and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled
entities to the extent that they probably will not reverse in the foreseeable future and the Group is in a position to
control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are
expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have been enacted
or substantially enacted at the reporting date.
A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
which the temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are
reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.
Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised at the same time the liability to
pay the related dividend is recognised. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the same jurisdiction are offset
in the statement of financial position only to the extent that there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred balances relate to taxes levied by the same taxing authority and
are expected either to be settled on a net basis or realised simultaneously.

Tax consolidation
The Company and its wholly-owned Australian resident entities have formed a tax-consolidated group with effect
from 1 July 2002 and are therefore taxed as a single entity from that date. The head entity within the tax-consol-
idated group is Lynas Rare Earths Limited. Current tax liabilities and assets and deferred tax assets arising from
unused tax losses and relevant tax credits of the members of the tax-consolidated group are recognised by the
Company (as head entity in the tax-consolidated group).




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                          75
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




A.4      Income taxes continued

A.4.4 Unrecognised deferred tax assets continued
Entities within the tax-consolidated group have entered into a tax sharing agreement with the Company. The tax
sharing agreement entered into between members of the tax-consolidated group provides for the determination
of the allocation of income tax liabilities between the entities should the Company default on its tax payment
obligations or if an entity should leave the tax-consolidated group. The effect of the tax sharing agreement is that
each member’s liability for tax payable by the tax-consolidated group is limited to the amount payable to the head
entity under the tax funding arrangement.


  KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

  Recognition of deferred tax assets
  Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can
  be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together with future tax
  planning strategies. In making the assessment, the Group has given specific due consideration to:
      • The pioneer period status (tax holiday) in relation to the Malaysian operations through to 2026, subject to
        renewal. This renewal was formally completed during the year.
      • Tax losses generated during this period will be utilised prior to the tax exemption being applied, with any
        unused losses available for utilisation by the Group once the pioneer period expires.
      • Tax losses generated prior to the pioneer period will remain available for use offsetting non-pioneer
        profits during the pioneer period for a period of 10 years after incurring the loss. At 30 June 2022, losses in
        Malaysia consist of A$121m (MYR 366m) in capital allowances and A$85m (MYR 257m) in business losses.
        A$72m (MYR218m) of capital allowance has been utilised to offset a net deferred tax liability arising on
        timing differences in Malaysia at 30 June 2022. There is uncertainty if the remaining losses will be utilised.

  Tax losses in Australia were utilised during the year and the recognised deferred asset relates to temporary
  timing differences within the Australian tax group.




76                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
B. PRODUCTION AND EXPLORATION ASSETS
This section includes information about the recognition, measurement, depreciation, amortisation and impairment
considerations of the core producing and exploration assets of the Group.

B.1      Property, plant and equipment and mine development
Recognition and measurement
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses (if any).
Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of property, plant
and equipment acquired in a business combination is determined by reference to its fair value at the date of
acquisition. The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of materials and direct labour and any other costs
directly attributable to bringing the asset to a working condition for its intended use. Cost may also include transfers
from equity of any gains or losses on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of property, plant
and equipment. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as
part of the cost of that equipment.

Assets under construction
Assets under construction are transferred to the appropriate asset category when they are ready for their intended
use.

Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of an item of property, plant and equipment
are capitalised until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use. The interest rate used
equates to the weighted effective interest on debt where general borrowings are used or the relevant interest
rate where specific borrowings are used to finance the construction. During FY22, a capitalisation rate of 6.7% was
applied. (FY21: 6.7%).

Subsequent costs
The cost of replacing part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount of the
item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within that part will flow to the Group and its cost
can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. The costs of the day-to-day
servicing of property, plant and equipment are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a compo-
nent of the profit or loss as incurred.

Government grants
Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all
attached conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income
on a systematic basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.
When the grant relates to an asset, it is netted off against the capitalised cost of the related asset.

Depreciation
Depreciation is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss or capi-
talised as a component of inventory in the statement of financial position (which is subsequently released to the
profit or loss through the cost of goods sold on the sale of the underlying product) using a method that reflects the
pattern in which the economic benefits embodied within the asset are consumed. Generally, this is on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful life of each part or component of an item of property, plant and equipment.
The estimated useful lives for the material classes of property, plant and equipment are as follows:
Leasehold land                 30 to 99 years    Buildings                 5 to 30 years
Plant and equipment            2 to 30 years     Fixtures and fittings     2 to 15 years
Leasehold improvements         3 to 30 years     Motor vehicles            8 years
Rehabilitation assets          20 to 30 years

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reassessed on an annual basis.

Gains and losses on the disposal of items of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the
proceeds (if any) at the time of disposal with the net carrying amount of the asset.



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                       77
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




B.1      Property, plant and equipment and mine development continued

Development expenditure
Once an area of interest has been established as commercially viable and technically feasible, expenditure
other than that relating to land, buildings and plant and equipment is capitalised as development expenditure.
Development expenditure includes previously capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure, pre-production
development expenditure and other subsurface expenditure pertaining to that area of interest. Costs related to
surface plant and equipment and any associated land and buildings are accounted for as property, plant and
equipment.
Development costs are accumulated in respect of each separate area of interest. Costs associated with commis-
sioning new assets in the period before they are capable of operating in the manner intended by management, are
capitalised. Development costs incurred after the commencement of production are capitalised to the extent they
are expected to give rise to a future economic benefit.
When an area of interest is abandoned or the Directors decide that it is not commercially viable or technically
feasible, any accumulated costs in respect of that area are written off in full in the statement of comprehensive
income as a component of the profit or loss in the period in which the decision to abandon the area is made to the
extent that they will not be recoverable in the future.
Development assets are assessed for impairment if the facts and circumstance suggest that the carrying amount
exceed the recoverable amount. For the purpose of impairment testing, development assets are allocated to the
cash-generating units (“CGUs”) to which the development activity relates.

Deferred stripping
Overburden and other mine waste materials are often removed during the initial development of a mine in
order to access the mineral deposit. This activity is referred to as development or pre-production stripping. The
directly attributable costs associated with these activities are capitalised as a component of development costs.
Capitalisation of development stripping ceases and amortisation of those capitalised costs commences upon
extraction of ore. Amortisation of capitalised development stripping costs occurs on a unit of production basis with
reference to the life of mine of the relevant area of interest.
Removal of waste material normally continues through the life of a mine. This activity is referred to as production
stripping and commences upon the extraction of ore.

Amortisation of development
Amortisation of development is recognised either in the statement of comprehensive income as a component
of the profit or loss or capitalised as a component of inventory in the statement of financial position (which is
subsequently released to the profit or loss through the cost of goods sold on the sale of the underlying product)
on a units of production basis which aims to recognise cost proportionally to the depletion of the economically
recoverable mineral resources. Costs are amortised from the commencement of commercial production.




  KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

  Development Expenditure
  Development activities commence after project sanctioning by the appropriate level of management and
  the Board. Judgement is applied by management in determining when a project is economically viable. In
  exercising this judgement, management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions as described
  above for capitalised development expenditure. Any such estimates and assumptions may change as new
  information becomes available. If, after having commenced the development activity, a judgement is made
  that a development asset is impaired, the appropriate amount will be written off to the statement of compre-
  hensive income.

  Stripping Asset
  As with many mining operations similar to Mt Weld, overburden and other mine waste materials are often
  removed during the initial development of a mine in order to access the mineral deposit. The extraction of
  the ore body itself will also include a waste component extracted during the mining campaign. The costs of
  extraction of both these elements form the stripping costs. Judgement is required to identify a suitable alloca-
  tion basis to apportion the stripping costs between inventory and any stripping assets for each component.


78                                                                                             www.LynasRareEarths.com
  The Group considers that the ratio of the expected volume of waste to be stripped for an expected volume of
  ore to be mined for a specific component of the ore body, to be the most suitable production measure.
  An identifiable component is a specific volume of the ore body that is made more accessible by the stripping
  activity.

  Pre-Production Stripping
  The Group has determined that the overburden removal where no ore is recovered forms part of a pre-pro-
  duction stripping asset and has been determined to provide more accessibility to the total ore body and is
  amortised on this basis.

  Production Stripping ratio
  The Group has adopted a policy of deferring production stage stripping costs and amortising them on a
  units-of-production basis. Judgement is required in determining the contained ore units for each mining
  campaign.
  Estimation of mineral reserves and resources – refer to Note B.2


                                                                                                                                                                Development
                                                                     Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                                                                                Expenditure



                                               Buildings plant                                                                                                       Pre-production /
                              Leasehold land
                                                                                                              Rehabilitation   Leasehold               Development
                                                                 Fixtures and   Right of Use   Assets under
                                               and equipment                                                  asset            improvements                          Stripping asset
                                                                 fittings       Assets         construction                                            expenditure
                              $’000            $’000                                                                                                                 $’000
                                                                                                                                              Total                                      Total
                                                                 $’000          $’000          $’000          $’000            $’000          $’000    $’000                             $’000


 As at 30 June 2022
 Cost                        28,891 918,536                         8,016         5,494 204,703 200,179                        20,404 1,386,223 26,049               39,096             65,145
 Accumulated
 impairment losses                         – (188,193)                (391)              –         (258)                 –      (7,400) (196,242)       (3,725)                   –     (3,725)
 Accumulated
 depreciation                 (4,102) (389,016)                   (6,369)        (2,260)                –     (25,022)          (5,866) (432,635)       (6,939)        (5,485) (12,424)

 Carrying amount            24,789 341,327                         1,256          3,234 204,445 175,157                           7,138 757,346        15,385          33,611 48,996

 Opening cost                28,069 881,322                         7,140          3,291       50,886         174,194           19,825 1,164,727 24,889               18,358            43,247
 Opening accumulated
 impairment and
 depreciation                 (3,702) (332,107)                    (6,415)        (1,657)          (236) (18,235) (12,302) (557,430)                    (9,849)         (5,051) (14,900)

 Opening
 carrying amount            24,367 366,439                            725         1,634        50,650 155,959                    7,523 607,297         15,040        13,307             28,347

 Additions                                 –   16,804                 267         3,082 150,579                          –              – 170,732          828       20,738             21,566
 Disposals                                 –               –              –              –              –                –              –         –             –                 –          –
 Depreciation expense             (289) (50,946)                     (248)        (1,497)               –      (6,348)             (601) (59,929)               –                 –          –
 Amortisation expense                      –               –              –              –              –                –              –         –       (483)           (434)           (917)
 Change in rehabilitation
 obligations                               –               –              –              –              –       21,567                  –     21,567            –                 –          –
 Capitalised interest                      –               –              –              –       5,882                   –              –     5,882             –                 –          –
 Transfers                                 –       2,781             488                 –      (3,270)                  –              –         –             –                 –          –
 Foreign currency
 translation                           711        6,249                 24              15         604           3,979               216      11,797            –                 –          –

 Carrying amount
 at 30 June 2022            24,789 341,327                         1,256          3,234 204,445 175,157                           7,138 757,346        15,385          33,611 48,996


Restrictions on the title of property plant and equipment and development assets are outlined in Note C.3.


Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                                                                               79
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




B.1      Property, plant and equipment and mine development continued

                                                                                                                                                                 Development
                                                                     Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                                                                                 Expenditure



                                               Buildings plant                                                                                                        Pre-production /
                              Leasehold land
                                                                                                              Rehabilitation   Leasehold                Development
                                                                 Fixtures and   Right of Use   Assets under
                                               and equipment                                                  asset            improvements                           Stripping asset
                                                                 fittings       Assets         construction                                             expenditure
                              $’000            $’000                                                                                                                  $’000
                                                                                                                                              Total                                       Total
                                                                 $’000          $’000          $’000          $’000            $’000          $’000     $’000                             $’000


 As at 30 June 2021
 Cost                        28,069 881,322                         7,140          3,291       50,886         174,194           19,825 1,164,727        24,889         18,358            43,247
 Accumulated
 impairment losses                         – (182,776)               (377)               –         (236)                 –       (7,189) (190,578)       (3,436)                   –     (3,436)
 Accumulated
 depreciation                 (3,702) (332,107)                   (6,038)         (1,657)               –     (18,235)            (5,113) (366,852)       (6,413)        (5,051)         (11,464)

 Carrying amount             24,367 366,439                           725         1,634        50,650 155,959                    7,523 607,297          15,040        13,307             28,347

 Opening cost                29,705 920,798                         7,267         4,873           8,123       186,125          20,977 1,177,868         25,050         18,358            43,408
 Opening accumulated
 impairment and
 depreciation                  (3,617) (487,034)                  (6,059)        (2,603)           (258) (12,825) (12,382) (524,778)                      (9,716)      (4,874) (14,590)

 Opening carrying
 amount                     26,088 433,764                         1,208          2,270          7,865 173,300                   8,595 653,090          15,334        13,484             28,818

 Additions                                 –      2,422                 87         1,235       42,279                    –              –     46,023         172                   –        172
 Disposals                                 –               –              –              –              –                –              –          –             –                 –           –
 Depreciation expense             (289) (51,846)                     (538)        (1,825)               –       (5,962)            (609) (61,069)                –                 –           –
 Amortisation expense                      –               –              –              –              –                –              –          –       (466)             (177)         (643)
 Change in rehabilitation
 obligations                               –               –              –              –              –      (3,689)                  –     (3,689)            –                 –           –
 Capitalised interest                      –               –              –              –           751                 –              –        751             –                 –           –
 Foreign currency
 translation                   (1,432)          (17,901)               (32)           (46)         (245)       (7,690)             (463) (27,809)                –                 –           –

 Carrying amount
 at 30 June 2021             24,367 366,439                           725         1,634        50,650 155,959                    7,523 607,297          15,040        13,307             28,347




80                                                                                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
B.2      Impairment of non-current assets
The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-financial assets are reviewed at least annually to determine whether
there is any indication of impairment. If any such indicators exist then the asset or CGU’s recoverable amount is
estimated. For intangible assets that have indefinite lives or that are not yet available for use, recoverable amounts
are estimated at least annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its recoverable amount.
A CGU is the smallest identifiable asset group that generates cash flows that are largely independent from other
assets and groups. Impairment losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component
of the profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of a CGU are allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other non-financial
assets in the CGU on a pro-rata basis.
The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In
assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset
or CGU. In assessing the fair value less cost to sell, the Company uses a variety of methods and assumptions that
are based on market conditions and risks existing at each reporting date. The methods used to determine fair value
include a discounted future cash flows analysis and adjusted EBITDA (forecasted) multiplied by a relevant market
indexed multiple.
In respect of assets other than goodwill, impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each reporting
date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has
been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only
to the extent that the asset’s revised carrying amount will not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined net of depreciation or amortisation if no impairment loss had been recognised..

Recognised impairment
There was no impairment expense recognised during FY22 (FY21: nil). There was no reversal of prior period impair-
ment loss recognised in FY22 (FY21: Nil).



  KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

  Reserve estimates and mine life
  Reserves are estimates of the amount of product that can be economically and legally extracted from the
  Group’s mining tenements. In order to calculate reserves, estimates and assumptions are required to be
  formulated about a range of geological, technical and economic factors including quantities, grades, produc-
  tion techniques, recovery rates, production costs, transportation costs, refining costs, commodity demand,
  commodity prices and exchange rates. Estimating the quantity and/or grade of reserves requires the size,
  shape and depth of the ore bodies or field to be determined by analysing geological data such as drilling
  samples. This process may require complex and difficult geological judgement and calculation to interpret
  the data.
  As the economic assumptions used to estimate reserves change from period to period, and because addi-
  tional geological data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of reserves may change from
  period to period. Changes in reported reserves may affect the Group’s financial results and financial position
  in a number of ways, including:
      • asset carrying values may be affected due to changes in the estimated future cash flows; and
      • depreciation and amortisation charges in the statement of comprehensive income may change as result
        of the change in the useful economic lives of assets.

  Mineral resources and ore reserves are reported in accordance with the Australian Code for Reporting of
  Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (“JORC Code”).

  Impairment of non-financial assets
  The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired.
  If any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the
  asset’s recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash generating
  unit’s (CGU) fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                           81
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




B.2      Impairment of non-current assets continued


  an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those
  from other assets or groups of assets. When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
  amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
  In assessing recoverable value, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
  discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
  asset. Where applicable, the fair value less costs to sell calculation is based on a 19-year discounted cash flow
  (DCF) model. The cash flows are derived from the two-year budget and forecast model that is extrapolated
  over 19 years and do not include restructuring activities that the Group is not yet committed to or significant
  future investments that will enhance the asset’s performance of the CGU being tested. The recoverable
  amount is sensitive to product price movement, volume, operating and capital cost, the discount rate used
  for the discounted cash flows model as well as the expected future cash inflows and the growth rate used for
  extrapolation purposes.




82                                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
C. CASH, BORROWINGS AND CAPITAL
This section includes information about cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and capital position of the Company
at the end of the reporting period.

C.1      Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                             As at 30 June

                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                          A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Cash at bank and on hand                                                                 965,584             580,827

Total cash and cash equivalents                                                          965,584             580,827


Recognition and measurement
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term highly
liquid investments with maturities of less than three months.

Fair value and foreign exchange risk
The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates their fair value.
The Group’s cash and cash equivalents include A$259.9m in currencies other than Australian dollars, primarily
US$92.5m (30 June 2021: US$163.8m) and MYR 337.7m (30 June 2021: MYR 340.6m).

Reconciliation of the profit for the year with the net cash from operating activities

                                                                                      For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                          A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Profit for the year                                                                      540,824              157,083

Adjustments for:
  Depreciation and amortisation                                                           60,522              65,784
  Share-based payments                                                                      4,419              2,464
  Net financial expenses                                                                   4,884               12,013
  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
  other non-cash transactions                                                                (230)              (1,155)
  Income tax (benefit) / expense                                                           (5,068)              404
  Foreign exchange gain included in profit for the year                                    (11,705)            (8,717)
  Change in trade and other receivables                                                   (83,923)            (22,522)
  Change in inventories                                                                   (14,678)              1,525
  Change in operating trade and other payables                                            20,092                7,810
  Change in provisions (excluding additional rehabilitation obligation)                      902                 376
  Change in provisions (rehabilitation obligation)
                                                                                          (55,967)                  –
Net cash from operating activities                                                      460,072              215,065




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                       83
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




C.2       Short term deposits
                                                                                                                As at 30 June

                                                                                                               2022                 2021
                                                                                                             A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Short term deposits                                                                                                 –           100,000

Total short term deposits                                                                                           –           100,000


Recognition and measurement
Short term deposits include deposits with a maturity between three and twelve months. These are held in fixed rate
deposit facilities.


C.3       Interest Bearing Liabilities
                                                                                                                As at 30 June

                                                                                                               2022                 2021
                                                                                                             A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Current borrowings
JARE loan facility(1)                                                                                         21,903              20,073

Total current borrowings                                                                                      21,903             20,073

Non-current borrowings
JARE loan facility                                                                                          164,898              151,049

Total non-current borrowings                                                                                164,898              151,049

(1) A payment of interest in respect of the period commencing on 1 January 2016 and ending on 31 December 2016 was deferred until
    October 2022 and is classified as a current liability. Furthermore, in line with the repayment schedule below, payments of US$2m is
    due on 31 December 2022 and 30 June 2023. These have also been classified as current liabilities at 30 June 2022.



Recognition and measurement
Interest bearing loans and borrowings
Subsequent to initial recognition interest bearing loans and borrowings are measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest method.


  KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

  Interest bearing loans and borrowings are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
  The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments through the
  expected life of the financial liability to the amortised cost of the liability. The Group has applied judgement
  and determined the appropriate rate for a similar instrument to be 6.5% (FY21: 6.5%). When the Group revises
  the estimates of future cash flows, the carrying amount of the financial liability is adjusted to reflect the new
  estimate discounted using the original effective rate. Any changes are recognised in the profit or loss.




84                                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
Fair value and foreign exchange risk
The fair value of borrowings, which have been determined for disclosure purposes, is calculated by discounting the
future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rates that are available for similar financial instruments.
The fair value methodology adopted was categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. There has been no
change to the valuation technique during the year. These have been determined as follows:


                                                                                   As at 30 June 2022              As at 30 June 2021

                                                                                Carrying              Fair      Carrying              Fair
                                                                                amount             value        amount             value
                                                                                 A$ ‘000          A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000          A$ ‘000

JARE loan facility                                                                186,801         179,248          171,122         171,122

                                                                                  186,801        179,248           171,122         171,122


Terms and debt maturity schedule

                                                                                   As at 30 June 2022              As at 30 June 2021

                                                  Nominal
                                                  interest       Date of           Face             Face           Face             Face
                                   Currency           rate      maturity          value            value          value            value
                                                         %                      US$ ‘000          A$ ‘000       US$ ‘000          A$ ‘000

JARE loan facility                        USD            2.5% June 2030          152,505(1)       221,703        156,505(1)       208,173

                                                                                  152,505         221,703         156,505        208,173

(1) The face value of the JARE loan facility includes US$141.0m in principal (30 June 2021: US$145.0m) and US$11.5m in interest deferred
    payable in October 2022.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                             85
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




C.3        Interest Bearing Liabilities continued

Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                            30 June           Cash                                                                               30 June
                                2021         flows                          Non-cash Movements                                      2022


                           Opening         Repay-      Effective       Foreign        Adjust-          Addi-                     Closing
                           Balance          ments       Interest     Exchange         ment(1)         tions(2)       Other       Balance
                            A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000

JARE loan facility           171,122        (5,666)        6,754         15,568          (977)              –              –      186,801
Lease liability               2,070         (1,590)          223            (123)            –         3,082               –        3,662

Total                       173,192         (7,256)        6,977        15,445           (977)        3,082                –     190,463

(1) Adjustments to the carrying values of the JARE loan during the year ended 30 June 2021 and 2022 relate to changes in the cash flow
    profile used to measure the carrying value of the loan.
(2)	Other non-cash movements in the lease liability during the year ended 30 June 2022 related to finance leases recognised in line with
     AASB 16.


                            30 June           Cash                                                                               30 June
                               2020          flows                          Non-cash Movements                                       2021

                                        Proceeds
                           Opening      / (Repay-      Effective       Foreign        Adjust-          Addi-                     Closing
                           Balance         ments)       Interest     Exchange         ment(1)         tions(2)      Other(3)     Balance
                            A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000

JARE loan facility           181,222              –         6,145       (15,250)         (995)              –                      171,122
Convertible bond
facility (Current)            17,777              –           134         (1,193)            –              –        (16,718)               –
Lease liability               2,960         (1,844)           96           (377)             –          1,235              –        2,070

Total                      201,959          (1,844)        6,375       (16,820)          (995)         1,235        (16,718)      173,192

(1)	Adjustments to the carrying values of the JARE loan during the year ended 30 June 2021 and 2022 relate to changes in the cash flow
     profile used to measure the carrying value of the loan.
(2)	Other non-cash movements in the lease liability during the year ended 30 June 2021 related to finance leases recognised in line with
     AASB 16.
(3)	Other non-cash movements in the convertible bond facility relates to conversions of the convertible bonds.


C.4        Financing Facilities
Japan Australia Rare Earths B.V. (JARE) loan facility
An extension of the JARE loan facility was announced on 27 June 2019. As part of this extension, new terms were
agreed to as detailed below.
The maturity date of the JARE loan facility is 30 June 2030. The interest rate on this facility is 2.5% p.a. at 30 June
2022 (30 June 2021: 2.5% p.a.). Conditions linking the interest rate to the NdPr sales price in the previous facility have
been removed.
Interest liabilities will be paid directly to the lenders at 31 December and 30 June each year. The payment of interest
in respect of the period commencing on 1 January 2016 and ending on 31 December 2016 is deferred to 31 October
2022 (with no penalty, and no additional interest).




86                                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
There are a series of fixed repayments in the facility which have replaced the “Cash Sweep” mechanism in the
former facility. The details of the fixed repayments are as follows:

Repayment date                                                                                                      Amount

Each half-year from 31 Dec 2021 to 31 Dec 2023                                                    US$2m on each date
30 June 2024                                                                                                         US$5m
Each half-year from 31 Dec 2024 to 31 Dec 2027                                                    US$10m on each date
Each half-year from 30 June 2028 to 30 June 2030                                                  US$12m on each date


Japan will have the following priority supply rights until 2038:
   1. Any fundraising will not hinder Lynas’ ability to support Japanese industries diversifying their rare earths
      supply sources, in accordance with the Availability Agreement announced on 30 March 2011.
   2. Lynas shall ensure that in the event of competing demands from the Japanese market and a non-Japanese
      market for the supply by the Borrower or Lynas Malaysia for NdPr produced from the Lynas Malaysia plant,
      the Japanese market shall have priority of supply up to 7,200 tonnes per year subject to the terms of the
      Availability Agreement and to the extent that Lynas will not have any opportunity loss.
   3. JARE has rights of negotiation with Lynas in priority to non-Japanese market customers for the priority supply
      to the Japanese market of additional NdPr and Nd products produced by the Lynas 2025 Project.
   4. Lynas will continue to prioritize the needs of Japanese customers for the supply of Heavy Rare Earths products
      produced, to the extent possible under any agreement with the U.S.

To date, the JARE loan facility has been secured over all of the assets of the Group, other than the Malawi and
Malaysia assets.

C.5      Contributed Equity
                                                                                       As at 30 June

                                                                             2022                            2021

                                                                     Number         Value of     Number             Value of
                                                                    of shares         shares    of shares             shares
                                                                         ‘000        A$ ‘000         ‘000            A$ ‘000

Balance at the beginning of the year                                 901,079     1,859,598      699,209         1,424,848

Issue of shares pursuant to conversion of convertible bonds                 –             –        16,203            20,884
Issue of shares pursuant to exercised performance rights                 1,333            –            744                 –
Issue of shares pursuant to equity raising                                  –             –      184,923            425,324
Costs related to issue of shares                                            –             –              –           (11,458)

Closing balance                                                      902,412     1,859,598       901,079        1,859,598

All issued ordinary shares are fully paid and have no par value. The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive
dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share. All shares rank equally with regard
to the Group’s residual assets in the event of a wind-up.

Recognition and measurement
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as
a deduction from the proceeds.
Where equity instruments are reacquired by the Group, for example, as a result of a share buy-back, those instru-
ments are deducted from equity and the associated shares are cancelled. No gain or loss is recognised in the
statement of comprehensive income and the consideration paid including any directly attributable incremental
costs (net of income taxes) is directly recognised in equity.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                             87
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




C.6      Reserves
                                                                                                    As at 30 June

                                                                                                   2022                2021
                                                                                                 A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Equity settled employee benefits                                                                  58,591             54,172
Foreign currency translation                                                                     (119,570)          (136,521)
Warrant reserve                                                                                    21,765            21,765

Balance at 30 June                                                                               (39,214)           (60,584)


Nature and Purpose
The equity settled employee benefits reserve relates to performance rights granted by the Group to its employees
under the employee share option plan. Further information about share-based payments to employees is set out in
Note E.7.
Exchange differences relating to the translation of the results and net assets of the Group’s foreign operations from
their functional currencies to the Group’s presentation currency are recognised directly in other comprehensive
income and accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve.
Warrant reserve includes options issued as part of rights issues.

Key Financial and capital risks associated with cash, debt and capital
Exposure to market, credit and liquidity risks arise in the normal course of the Group’s business. The Directors
and management of the Group have overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk
management framework.
The Directors have established a treasury policy that identifies risks faced by the Group and sets out policies and
procedures to mitigate those risks. Monthly consolidated financial reports are prepared for the Directors, who
ensure compliance with the Group’s risk management policies and procedures.

Capital risk management
The Directors are responsible for monitoring and managing the Group’s capital structure.
The Directors’ policy is to maintain an acceptable capital base to promote the confidence of the Group’s financiers
and creditors and to sustain the future development of the business. The Directors monitor the Group’s financial
position to ensure that it complies at all times with its financial and other covenants as set out in its financing
arrangements.
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Directors may elect to take a number of measures including,
for example, to dispose of assets or operating segments of the business, to alter its short to medium term plans in
respect of capital projects and working capital levels, or to re-balance the level of equity and external debt in place.
Capital comprises share capital, external debt and reserves.

Liquidity risk management
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not meet its contractual obligations as they fall due. The Group’s
approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities as
and when they fall due and comply with covenants under both normal and stressed conditions.
The Group evaluates its liquidity requirements on an on-going basis and ensures that it has sufficient cash on
demand to meet expected operating expenses including the servicing of financial obligations. This excludes the
potential impact of extreme circumstances that cannot reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters.




88                                                                                                  www.LynasRareEarths.com
Interest rate risk management
The Group’s interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings at both fixed and floating rates and deposits which
earn interest at floating rates. Borrowings and deposits at floating rates expose the Group to cash flows interest rate
risk. The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk is shown below:


                                          30 June                                      30 June
                                             2022        Interest Rate Risk                2021      Interest Rate Risk

                                        Exposure        1.0%          –1.0%           Exposure      0.5%          –0.5%

                                                          Impact on Profit                           Impact on Profit
                                                            and Equity                                 and Equity

                                          A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000      A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000

Floating rate instruments
Cash and cash equivalents                965,584          9,656         (9,656)       580,827         2,904         (2,904)
Other non-current assets                    8,694              86             (86)       2,932             15             (15)

Total                                    974,278          9,742         (9,742)       583,759         2,919         (2,919)


Maturity analysis of financial liabilities
The table below sets out a maturity analysis for financial liabilities containing principal and interest flows. For
loans outstanding, undiscounted cash flows are presented until contractual final maturity. Interest cash flows are
projected based on the interest rates prevailing on the closing date.

                                                                                      Between      Between
                                                                    Up to and        6 months     1 year and
                                        Carrying     Contracted     including        and up to         up to         Over
                                        Amount        cash flows    6 months             1 year      5 years       5 years
                                         A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000      A$ ‘000          A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000

  30 June 2022
  JARE loan facility                      186,801        247,755        22,216            5,413      113,810       106,316
  Lease liabilities                          3,531        4,483               901          709         1,673         1,200

  Total                                   190,332       252,238         23,117           6,122      115,483        107,516

  30 June 2021
  JARE loan facility                       171,122       237,178       20,427            5,026       63,662       148,063
  Lease liabilities                         2,070         2,863              497           467          599          1,300

  Total                                   173,192       240,041        20,924            5,493       64,261       149,363




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                              89
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




C.6      Reserves continued

Foreign exchange risk management
The Group’s foreign exchange risks are detailed in the basis of preparation of these financial reports.
There are two elements of foreign exchange risk. Firstly, the Group holds cash, trade receivables and trade payables
currencies other than the functional currency of the Company in which it is held. Movement in the prevailing
exchange rates have an impact on the Group’s profit and equity. Secondly, the Group’s members are exposed to
foreign exchange risk on the translation of its operations that are denominated in currencies other than AUD. The
Group’s net assets denominated in currencies other than the AUD which have the potential of impacting the other
comprehensive income component of the statement of comprehensive income are:


                                                                                 Foreign Exchange Risk
                                                                          –10%                            10%

                                                    Carrying        Profit         Equity        Profit          Equity
                                                    Amount         A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000

As at 30 June 2022
Net exposure of US$ financial assets          US$     166,213        16,559              –       (16,559)            –
Net exposure of A$ financial assets            A$        799           243               –         (243)             –
Net asset exposure – MYR currency             MYR   1,662,590                     (49,796)                      60,861
Net asset exposure – US$ currency             US$      (2,661)                        266                         (266)

As at 30 June 2021
Net exposure of US$ financial assets          US$    188,280        18,828               –      (18,828)             –
Net exposure of A$ financial assets            A$       1,674          167               –          (167)            –
Net asset exposure – MYR currency             MYR    494,723                       (14,407)                      17,608
Net asset exposure – US$ currency             US$       (1,971)                       262                         (262)




90                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
D. OTHER ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
This section includes information about the other assets and liabilities position at the end of the period.

D.1      Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                                  As at 30 June

                                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                                               A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Trade receivables                                                                              105,382             21,729
GST / VAT receivables                                                                            3,226               853
Other receivables                                                                                1,258              1,308

Total current trade and other receivables                                                     109,866             23,890


The Group’s exposure to credit risk is primarily in its trade receivables. As at 30 June 2022 $2.5m (2021: $1.8m) of trade
receivables were past due but not impaired. The full amount of $2.5m has been received subsequent to 30 June
2022. Where debtors become overdue, the Group maintains regular contact and has a history of collecting trade
receivables in full.
At 30 June 2022, the Group had sales under contract amounting to A$176.1m (US$123.3m) (30 June 2021: A$66.6m
(US$50.0m)) subject to price adjustments. At the date of this report, A$56.6m (US$39.6m) of this amount has been
finalised with minimal price adjustments.

Recognition and measurement
Receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
active market. They are included in current assets, except for instruments with maturities greater than 12 months
from the reporting date, which are classified as non-current assets. The Group’s receivables comprise trade and
other receivables (including related party receivables) which are stated at their cost less impairment losses.

Fair Value and foreign exchange risk
Given the short-term nature of trade receivables, the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.
All trade receivables are held in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity receipting them and
therefore exposed to foreign exchange risk.			

D.2      Inventories
                                                                                                  As at 30 June

                                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                                               A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Raw materials and consumables                                                                  28,024              25,123
Work in progress                                                                               44,979              37,662
Finished goods                                                                                   9,310             4,537

Total inventories                                                                               82,313            67,322

Current inventories                                                                             81,462            62,888
Non-current inventories                                                                            851             4,434

Total inventories                                                                               82,313            67,322


During the year ended 30 June 2022 inventories of $348.4m (2021: $302.2m) were recognised as an expense. All of
which were included in ‘cost of sales’.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                              91
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




D.2      Inventories continued

Depreciation recognised in inventories
The Group recognised depreciation on its property, plant and equipment and amortisation on its deferred devel-
opment expenditure and intangible assets for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 respectively in the following
categories:

                                                 Recognised
                                               in General and
                                               Administration             Recognised
                                                  Expense                 in Inventory                 Total

                                                2022         2021        2022         2021        2022            2021
                                              A$ ‘000     A$ ‘000      A$ ‘000     A$ ‘000      A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000

Property, plant and equipment                   3,133       2,210       56,797      58,892       59,930         61,102
Deferred development expenditure                 694          643            –            –          694          643
Intangibles                                       241         108            –            –          241          108

Total                                          4,068        2,961      56,797       58,892      60,865         61,853


On the sale of inventory to customers, the component of the depreciation or amortisation expense capitalised
within inventory is reflected in the cost of goods sold in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of
the profit or loss. This was $56.5m in the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: $62.8m).

Write downs of inventory
During the year ended 30 June 2022, there were no write-downs to net realisable value. (2021: Nil)

Recognition and measurement
Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based either on the
first in first out (“FIFO”) or weighted average principles and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the invento-
ries and bringing them to their existing location and condition. In the case of manufactured or refined inventories
and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal operating
capacity. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated
costs of completion and selling expenses. Inventory expected to be sold or consumed within the next 12 months is
classified as current, with amounts expected to be consumed or sold after this time being classified as non-current.

Engineering and maintenance materials
Engineering and maintenance materials (representing either critical or long order components but excluding
rotable spares) are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of these inventories is based on
the weighted average principle and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them
to their existing location and condition. Net realisable value is determined with reference to the cost of replacement
of such items in the ordinary course of business compared to the current market prices.




92                                                                                             www.LynasRareEarths.com
D.3      Other non-current assets
                                                                                                As at 30 June

                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                                             A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Security deposits – banking facilities and other, Malaysia                                      3,610            2,874
Security deposits – banking facilities and other, Australia                                    5,084                 58
Security deposits – banking facilities and other, USA                                               1                  1
Security deposits – AELB, Malaysia                                                             13,387            8,208
Security deposits – AELB, Australia                                                           56,652             51,919

                                                                                              78,734            63,060


Deposits to the Malaysian Government’s Atomic Energy Licensing Board (“AELB”) form a component of a total
US$50.0m of instalments due in accordance with the conditions underlying the granting of the Full Operating
Stage Licence to the Group for the Lynas Malaysia plant. The total amount deposited as security via a bond for the
instalments is US$39.0m (all of which is interest earning). A further US$11.0m paid via cash directly to AELB is not
interest earning and has been discounted to a present value of $5.2m (FY21: $4.8m)

Recognition and measurement
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition and subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income and fair value through profit or loss. The classification of financial assets at
initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business
model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables, the Group initially measures a financial asset at
its fair value.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs
to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal amount
outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level.

Financial assets at amortised cost
This category is the most relevant to the Group as all deposits in Note D.3 are classified this way. The Group meas-
ures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:
   • The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect
      contractual cash flows, and
   • The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
      of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest (EIR) method and are
subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or
impaired. The Group’s financial assets at amortised cost includes trade receivables, and security deposits included
under other non-current financial assets.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                         93
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




D.4       Trade and Other Payables
                                                                                                                   As at 30 June

                                                                                                                 2022                  2021
                                                                                                               A$ ‘000              A$ ‘000

Trade payables                                                                                                   14,388               11,077
Accrued expenses                                                                                                23,070               16,485
Other payables                                                                                                   27,474              13,266

Total trade and other payables                                                                                  64,932              40,828

Current                                                                                                         64,932              40,828
Non-current                                                                                                            –                   –

Total trade and other payables                                                                                  64,932              40,828


Recognition and measurement
Current trade and other payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 30 to 60 day terms.
Subsequent to initial recognition trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest
method.
Given the short-term nature of trade payables, the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.


D.5       Provisions and Employee benefits
                                                                                                                   As at 30 June

                                                                                                                 2022                  2021
                                                                                                               A$ ‘000              A$ ‘000

Current
Short term employee benefits                                                                                     4,206                 3,331
Restoration and rehabilitation(1)                                                                               23,695              40,874

Total current                                                                                                   27,901              44,205

Non-Current
Long term employee benefits                                                                                         978                 696
Restoration and rehabilitation                                                                                 124,385              133,392

Total non-current                                                                                              125,363             134,088


(1)	The current portion of the restoration and rehabilitation provision represents Lynas’ best estimate of the present value of the outflows
     relating to the discharge of the rehabilitation obligation relating to residue disposal in Malaysia over the next 12 month period.


Recognition and measurement
A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefit will be required to settle the
obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is
used, the increase in the provision for the passage of time is recognised as a financial expense in the statement of
comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss.




94                                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
Short-term employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits are expected to be settled within one year and measured on an undiscounted basis
and are expensed in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss as the related
services are provided. A provision is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus
plans and outstanding annual leave balances if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this
amount as a result of past services provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Long-term employee benefits
The liability for annual leave and long service leave for which settlement can be deferred beyond 12 months from
the balance date is measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services
provided by employees. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee
departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the reporting
date on national government bonds with terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the
estimated future cash outflows.

Incentive compensation plans
The Group recognises a liability and associated expense for incentive compensation plans based on a formula that
takes into consideration certain threshold targets and the associated measures of profitability. The Group recog-
nises a provision when it is contractually obligated or when there is a past practice that has created a constructive
obligation to its employees.

Restoration and Rehabilitation
The activities of the Group give rise to obligations for asset and site restoration and rehabilitation at the Lynas
Malaysia plant and the Mount Weld concentration plant. The key areas of uncertainty in estimating the provisions
for these obligations are set out below. Upon cessation of operations, the site including the processing assets,
ancillary facilities, utilities and the onsite storage facility will be decommissioned and any materials removed from
the location.
The Group has most recently engaged a third party specialist to assist in estimating the restoration and rehabili-
tation provisions at Lynas Malaysia as at 30 June 2022. The Group will continue to review the need to engage third
party specialists periodically over time as the operations continue to develop.
The unwinding effect of discounting of the provision is recognised as a financial expense.
The mining/extraction and refining/processing activities of the Group give rise to obligations for asset and site
rehabilitation. Rehabilitation obligations can include facility decommissioning and dismantling, removal or treat-
ment of waste materials, land rehabilitation and site restoration. The extent of work required and the associated
costs are estimated based on feasibility and engineering studies using current restoration standards and tech-
niques. Provisions for the cost of each rehabilitation programme are recognised at the time that the environmental
disturbance occurs.
Rehabilitation provisions are initially measured at the expected value of future cash flows required to rehabilitate
the relevant site, discounted to their present value. The value of the provision is progressively increased over time as
the effect of discounting unwinds. When provisions for rehabilitation are initially recognised, the corresponding cost
is capitalised as an asset, representing part of the cost of acquiring the future economic benefits of the operation.
The capitalised cost of rehabilitation activities for the Group’s mining operations and refining operations are
recognised as a component of property, plant and equipment. Amounts capitalised are depreciated or amortised
accordingly.
At each reporting date the rehabilitation liability is re-measured to account for any new disturbance, updated cost
estimates, changes to the estimated lives of the associated operations, new regulatory requirements and revisions
to discount rates. Changes to the rehabilitation liability are added or deducted from the related rehabilitation asset
and amortised accordingly.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                          95
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




D.5      Provisions and Employee benefits continued

                                                                                                  As at 30 June

                                                                                                2022                 2021
                                                                                              A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Restoration and Rehabilitation
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                          174,266             181,604
Provisions made during the year                                                                30,804               9,159
Provisions paid during the year                                                                (55,967)                 –
Changes to inflation and discounts rates                                                        (9,183)           (12,848)
Effects of foreign exchange movement                                                             4,134             (7,989)
Unwinding of discount on provision                                                              4,026              4,340

Balance at 30 June                                                                           148,080              174,266



  KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

  Restoration and rehabilitation expenditure
  The Group’s accounting policy for its restoration and rehabilitation closure provisions requires significant esti-
  mates and assumptions such as: requirements of the relevant legal and regulatory framework; the magnitude
  of possible contamination; and the timing, extent and costs of required closure and rehabilitation activity.
  These uncertainties may result in future actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided.
  The provision recognised is periodically reviewed and updated based on the facts and circumstances available
  at the time. Changes to the estimated future costs for operating sites are recognised in the statement of
  financial position by adjusting both the closure and rehabilitation asset and the provision.

  Lynas Malaysia production residues
  On 30 January 2020, the Group announced that The State Government of Pahang has issued its consent to a
  site for the Permanent Disposal Facility (PDF) for Water Leach Purification (WLP) residue. In additional Lynas
  Malaysia has appointed Gading Senggara Sdn Bhd (“GSSB”) as the contractor to manage the entire PDF
  project. The total cost of this project will be MYR 400m (A$ 128.4m). The provision for restoration and rehabili-
  tation has been updated to reflect the present value of the obligation that exists at 30 June 2022. Those costs
  expected to be due within 12 months have been reflected as current. The unwinding effect of discounting of
  the provision is recognised as a finance cost.
  Payments of $56.0m (FY2021: nil) in relation to the discharge of rehabilitation liabilities are recognised in the
  Statement of Cash Flows as an operating cash outflow.
  The Group has included its best estimate of the timing of these costs within the provision for restoration and
  rehabilitation at 30 June 2022.



Key Financial risks associated with other assets and liabilities
Credit risk management
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to
meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Group’s receivables from customers and related
entities. The Group’s exposure to credit risk is primarily in its trade and other receivables and is influenced mainly by
the individual characteristics of each customer. Demographically there are no material concentrations of credit risk.
Cash and cash deposits are held in banks and financial institutions with A+ credit ratings.
Management believes that the Group’s trade and other receivables are collectible in full, based on historical
behaviour and extensive analysis of customer credit risk, including underlying customers’ credit ratings if they are
applicable.




96                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
E. OTHER ITEMS
This section includes information on items which require disclosure to comply with Australian Accounting Standards
and the Australian Corporations Act 2001. This section includes group structure information and other disclosures.

E.1      Contingent Liabilities
An amount of US$39.0m (FY21: US$39.0m) has been deposited via a bond for instalments required in accordance
with the conditions underlying the granting of the Full Operating Stage Licence to the Group for the LAMP in
Malaysia. Should criteria as part of this grant not continue to be met, this amount may be utilised to settle obliga-
tions. The Group has determined that the possibility of a material outflow related to these contingent liabilities is
remote. Refer to Note D.3 for details of bonds.

Litigation and legal proceedings
As a result of its operations the Group has certain contingent liabilities related to certain litigation and legal
proceedings. The Group has determined that the possibility of a material outflow related to these contingent
liabilities is remote.

Security and guarantee arrangements
Certain members of the Group have entered into guarantee and security arrangements in respect of the Group’s
indebtedness as described in Note E.6.

E.2      Leases and other commitments
AASB 16 Leases
The accounting policies of the Group upon adoption of AASB 16 are as follows:

Right of Use assets
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e. the date the underlying asset
is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount
of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commence-
ment date less any lease incentives received. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the
leased asset at the end of the lease term, the recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis
over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term (where the entity does not have a purchase option at
the end of the lease term). Right-of-use assets are subject to impairment.

Lease liabilities
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of
lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-sub-
stance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or
a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the
exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties
for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. The variable lease
payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period on which the event
or condition that triggers the payment occurs. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses
the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not
readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the
accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities
is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed lease
payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the underlying asset.

Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal options
The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered
by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option
to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised. The Group applies judgement in evaluating
whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the option to renew. That is, it considers all relevant factors that create
an economic incentive for it to exercise the renewal. After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                             97
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




E.2      Leases and other commitments continued

lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to
exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew (e.g. a change in business strategy).

Short term leases and low-value assets
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and equip-
ment (i.e. those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not
contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption (i.e. below US$5,000/
A$7,150). Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. No leases meeting the low-value criteria were recognised at 30 June 2021 or
30 June 2022.

Exploration commitments
                                                                                                    As at 30 June

                                                                                                  2022                 2021
                                                                                                A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Less than one year                                                                                   412               394
Between one and five years                                                                         1,404              1,638
More than five years                                                                               1,013              1,291

Total                                                                                             2,829              3,323


These include commitments relating to tenement lease rentals and the minimum expenditure requirements of
the Western Australia Department of Mines and Petroleum attaching to the tenements and are subject to re-nego-
tiation upon expiry of the exploration leases or when application for a mining licence is made. These are necessary
in order to maintain the tenements in which the Group and other parties are involved. All parties are committed to
meet the conditions under which the tenements were granted in accordance with the relevant mining legislation.

Capital commitments
                                                                                                    As at 30 June

                                                                                                  2022                 2021
                                                                                                A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Less than one year                                                                               169,145            82,479

Total                                                                                           169,145             82,479


At 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 the capital commitments primarily related to the Lynas Kalgoorlie project.




98                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
E.3      Auditor Remuneration
The following items of expenditure are included in general and administration expenses:

                                                                                                       For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                                             2022                 2021
                                                                                                               A$                  A$

Auditor’s remuneration to Ernst & Young (Australia), comprising:
Fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the parent covering the group                         233,347             228,792
Fees for other services
  Tax Services                                                                                               4,370               5,725
  Other assurance and agreed upon procedures                                                                      –            58,650
  Advisory Services                                                                                               –            67,088

Total auditor’s remuneration Ernst & Young (Australia)                                                    237,717            360,255

Auditor’s remuneration to Ernst & Young (other locations), comprising:
Fees for auditing the financial report of any controlled entities                                           131,155           136,548
Fees for other services
  Tax Services                                                                                                1,168            20,480

Total auditor’s remuneration Ernst & Young (other locations)                                              132,323             157,028

Total auditor’s remuneration                                                                              370,040             517,283


Other tax service fees paid to EY Australia and other locations in FY2021 and FY2020 relate to completion of tax
returns for expatriate employees. Other assurance, agreed upon procedures and advisory services paid to EY
Australia relate to due diligence and review work in relation to the capital raising that took place in August 2020.

E.4      Subsidiaries
                                                                                                               Ownership interest
                                                                                                                 as at 30 June

                                                                                          Country of
Name of Group entity                    Principal activity                                incorporation           2022           2021

Lynas Malaysia Sdn Bhd                 Operation and development of advanced              Malaysia                100%           100%
                                       material processing plant
Lynas Services Pty Ltd*                 Provision of corporate services                   Australia               100%           100%
Mount Weld Holdings Pty Ltd*            Holding company                                   Australia               100%           100%
Mount Weld Mining Pty Ltd*              Development of mining areas of interest           Australia               100%           100%
                                        and operation of concentration plant
Lynas Kalgoorlie Pty Ltd*               Development of operations in Kalgoorlie           Australia               100%           100%
Lynas Africa Holdings Pty Ltd*          Holding company                                   Australia               100%           100%

Lynas Africa Ltd                        Mineral exploration                               Malawi                  100%           100%
Lynas USA LLC                           Development of processing                         USA                     100%           100%
                                        opportunities in USA


*	Entity has entered into a deed of cross guarantee with Lynas Rare Earths Limited pursuant to ASIC Instrument 2016/785 and is relieved
   from the requirement to prepare and lodge an audited financial report, as discussed in Note E 6. Entity is also a member of the tax-
   consolidated group.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                        99
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




E.5      Parent Entity Information
                                                                                               As at 30 June

                                                                                              2022                 2021
                                                                                            A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Current assets                                                                              128,266             139,729

Total assets                                                                              1,222,661        1,223,788


Current liabilities                                                                         (24,052)             (21,486)

Total liabilities                                                                          (186,801)           (172,895)

Net assets                                                                                1,035,860        1,050,893


Share capital                                                                             1,859,598            1,859,598
Accumulated deficit                                                                       (1,138,600)          (1,119,822)
Reserves                                                                                    314,862               311,117

Total shareholders’ equity                                                                1,035,860        1,050,893


Loss of the Company                                                                         (18,778)              (3,874)

Total comprehensive loss of the parent Company                                              (18,778)             (3,874)



E.6      Entities under a Deed of Cross Guarantee
Pursuant to ASIC Instrument 2016/785 (as amended) dated August 13, 1998, the wholly-owned Australian subsidi-
aries of Lynas Rare Earths Limited are relieved from the Corporations Act 2001 requirements for preparation, audit
and lodgement of financial reports, and Director’s reports.
It is a condition of the Class Order that the Company and each of the subsidiaries enter into a Deed of Cross
Guarantee. The effect of the Deed is that the Company guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt
in the event of winding up of any of the subsidiaries under certain provisions of the Corporations Act 2001. If a
winding up event occurs under any other provision of the Act, the Company will only be liable in the event that after
six months any creditor has not been paid in full. The subsidiaries have also given similar guarantees in the event
that the Company is wound-up. The subsidiaries in addition to the Company subject to the deed are specified in
Note E.4.
A statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position, comprising the Company and
controlled entities which are party to the Deed, after eliminating all transactions between parties to the Deed of
Cross Guarantee is presented as follows:




100                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
Statement of Financial Position
                                                                   As at 30 June

                                                                  2022                 2021
                                                                A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Cash and cash equivalents                                       763,105              290,114
Short term deposits                                                   –             100,000
Trade and other receivables                                      162,414            507,789
Inventories                                                       24,183             21,448

Total current assets                                           949,702              919,351

Inventories                                                         851               4,434
Property, plant and equipment                                    126,957             151,173
Deferred exploration, evaluation and development expenditure     48,996              28,347
Investments in subsidiaries                                     375,080             375,080
Other assets                                                     72,428               51,977

Total non-current assets                                        624,312              611,011

Total assets                                                   1,574,419       1,530,362

Trade and other payables                                          24,157              12,435
Interest payable                                                   1,673               1,773
Borrowings                                                        21,903             20,073
Employee benefits                                                 3,288               2,846
Intercompany payables                                           168,525              275,761

Total current liabilities                                       219,546             312,888

Provisions                                                       48,286              45,775
Employee benefits                                                 2,023                 1,114
Borrowings                                                      167,284              151,049

Total non-current liabilities                                   217,593             197,937

Total liabilities                                              437,679              510,825

Net assets                                                     1,136,740           1,019,537

Share capital                                                  1,859,597           1,859,597
Accumulated deficit                                            (888,002)       (1,006,439)
Reserves                                                         165,145            166,379

Total equity                                                   1,136,740           1,019,537




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                              101
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




E.6      Entities under a Deed of Cross Guarantee continued

Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                           As at 30 June

                                                                                          2022                2021
                                                                                        A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Revenue                                                                                 248,028            132,537
Cost of sales                                                                           (106,379)          (81,657)

Gross profit                                                                            141,649            50,880

Other income / (expenses)                                                                   (124)               68
Foreign exchange losses                                                                   (3,592)                 –
General and administration expenses net of recoveries                                    (20,731)          (12,628)

Profit from operating activities                                                         117,201           38,320

Financial income                                                                           8,321             1,249
Financial expenses                                                                       (12,255)           (11,534)

Net financial expenses                                                                   (3,934)           (10,285)
Profit before income tax                                                                 113,267           28,035

Income tax benefit / (expense)                                                             5,170                  (1)

Profit for the year from continuing operations                                          118,437            28,034

Other comprehensive loss, net of income tax
Exchange differences on foreign currency transactions                                          –             9,196

Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                               –             9,196

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 118,437            37,230



E.7      Employee costs and share based payments
The following items are gross employee costs before recoveries included in general and administration expenses:

                                                                                     For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                          2022                2021
                                                                                        A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Wages and salaries                                                                       50,942            45,790
Superannuation and pension contributions                                                  4,474              3,715
Employee remuneration settled through share-based payments                                 4,419            2,464
Other                                                                                      1,003              1,051

Total employee costs                                                                     60,838            53,020




102                                                                                        www.LynasRareEarths.com
Share-based remuneration benefits are provided to employees via a variety of schemes which are further set out
below.

The fair values of the performance rights granted under these various schemes are recognised as an employee
benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The fair value is measured at the grant date and recog-
nised over the period during which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the performance rights.
The fair value at grant date is independently determined using a performance right pricing model that takes into
account the exercise price, the term of the performance right, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date
and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for
the term of the performance right.
The fair value of the performance right granted is measured to reflect the expected market vesting conditions,
but excludes the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, profitability and production targets).
Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of performance rights that are
expected to become exercisable. At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number
of performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. The employee benefits expense recognised
each period takes into account the most recent estimate. The impact of the revision to original estimates, if any,
is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of profit or loss, with a corresponding
adjustment to equity.

Key management personnel compensation
The aggregate compensation made to the Directors and other members of KMP of the Group is set out below:

                                                                                          For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                                  A$               A$

Short-term employee benefits                                                                5,491,675         5,312,122
Long-term employee benefits                                                                   59,876           96,834
Post-employment benefits                                                                      431,768         240,278
Share based payments                                                                        3,087,956         1,692,416

Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                        9,071,275         7,341,650


The compensation of each member of the KMP of the Group for the current and prior year is set out within the
Remuneration Report. All transactions with these related parted have been considered and included in the report.
The share-based payments amount represents the impact of amortising the accounting value of options and
performance rights over their vesting periods including the impact of forfeitures recognised during the period.
At times, a negative value may be presented which results from the forfeitures recognised in the period (which may
relate also to earlier periods) are greater than the accounting expense for the current portion of the vesting period.

Employee share options and performance rights
The Group has established an employee share plan whereby, at the discretion of Directors, performance rights may
be granted over the ordinary shares of the Company for the benefit of Directors, Executives and certain employees
of the Group. The performance rights are granted in accordance with performance guidelines established by
the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee. Other than short term incentives and Strategic
Performance Rights, each performance right is convertible into one ordinary share of the Company during the two
years following the vesting date, which is the third anniversary of the grant date. The performance rights hold no
voting or dividend rights and are not transferrable.
Performance rights are granted for the benefit of Key Management Personnel (“KMP”) and other selected
employees to provide greater alignment to our strategic business objectives. KMP are those people who have
authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the Group, directly or
indirectly, including any Executive Director of the Group and the Executives. At year end, the Executives include
the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Group’s General Counsel & Company Secretary, Vice
President – Upstream, Vice President – Downstream, Vice President – Malaysia.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                         103
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




E.7      Employee costs and share based payments continued

Movements in employee performance rights during the year

                                               For the year ended 30 June 2022         For the year ended 30 June 2021

                                                 Number of            Weighted           Number of              Weighted
                                               performance               average       performance                 average
                                                     rights        exercise price            rights          exercise price
                                                       ‘000                    A$              ‘000                      A$

Balance at beginning of year                    4,678,526                0.00            4,461,537                  0.00
Granted during the year                              727,593             0.00            1,408,092                  0.00
Exercised during the year                          (1,332,975)           0.00             (743,643)                 0.00
Forfeited during the year                          (342,588)             0.00            (447,460)                  0.00

Balance at end of year                          3,730,556                0.00           4,678,526                   0.00

Vested and exercisable at end of year               429,045              0.00             1,279,101                 0.00


During the year ended 30 June 2022 the Group recognised net share based payment expense of $4.4m (2021: $2.5m)
within the profit and loss component of the statement of comprehensive income. The employee performance
rights outstanding at the end of the year had nil weighted average exercise price and a weighted average remaining
contractual life of 298 days (FY21: 339 days). The performance rights exercised during the year had a weighted
average share price on exercise date of $ 6.99 (FY21: $1.91).

Performance rights granted in the period
For the CEO, other Executive KMP and Lynas Leadership Team, two vesting conditions apply to the LTI grants made
during FY22:
   • Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
   • Lynas 2025 Project Target

Relative TSR –       Relative TSR is assessed over a three year period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024, relative to other
50% weighting        companies in the ASX200 index (Peer Group Companies). For any performance rights to vest under
                     the TSR vesting condition, Lynas’ performance must be equal to or greater than the 51% percentile of
                     Peer Group Companies.
                     The percentage of the performance rights that may vest is determined as follows:

                     Lynas TSR Ranking across the TSR Period              Proportion of Performance Rights that vest

                     Below 51st percentile                                0%
                     At the 51st percentile                               50%
                     Between the 51st percentile and                      Between 50% and 100% as determined on a
                     the 76th percentile                                  linear basis (rounded to the nearest 5%)
                     At or above 76th percentile                          100%


Lynas 2025           The Lynas 2025 Project Target vesting condition is that by 30 June 2024:
Project Target –        • the Lynas Kalgoorlie plant achieves capacity to sustain operations at its nameplate
50% weighting               capacity (70% weighting); and
                        • development of capacity to separate heavy rare earths (30% weighting).

In accordance with the Group’s policy that governs trading of the Company’s shares by Directors and employees,
Directors and employees are not permitted to hedge their options or performance rights before the options vest.
The performance rights granted during the financial year had a weighted average fair value of $7.008 (2021: $2.514)
and were priced using volume-weighted average share prices, Monte Carlo and Binomial valuation methodologies.



104                                                                                                   www.LynasRareEarths.com
Where relevant the expected life used in the model has been adjusted based on management’s best estimate
for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions (including the probability of meeting market conditions
attached to the option), and behavioural considerations. Expected volatility is based on the historical share price
volatility over the past three years and peer volatility.


                             PR’s issued to employees other than CEO                               PR’s issued to CEO

                            Series BK          Series BL         Series BM           Series BH          Series BI          Series BJ

Grant date                20 Sept 2021       20 Sept 2021       20 Sept 2021       29 Nov 2021        29 Nov 2021        29 Nov 2021
5 day VWAP                    $7.60              $7.60              $7.60              $8.57              $8.57              $8.57
Exercise price                $0.00              $0.00              $0.00              $0.00              $0.00              $0.00
Dividend yield                 Nil                Nil                Nil                Nil                Nil                Nil
Expected volatility           61.5%              61.5%              61.5%              59.6%              59.6%              59.6%
Risk-free Rate                0.17%              0.17%              0.17%             0.92%              0.92%              0.92%
Expiry date               31 Aug 2022        31 Aug 2026        31 Aug 2026        31 Aug 2022        31 Aug 2026        31 Aug 2026


Performance rights still to vest or yet to expire
Performance rights are issued on the same terms as options, except there is no consideration payable on exercise.
The following table lists any performance rights which are still to vest, or have yet to expire.

                                                                                                                            Value per
                                                                                                                         performance
                                                            Date vested                                  Exercise             right at
Series                Grant date        Number           and exercisable               Expiry date          price          grant date

AU          28 November 2017             127,567        28 August 2020           28 August 2022             $ 0.00              $2.060
AV          28 November 2017            154,044         28 August 2020           28 August 2022             $ 0.00               $1.620
BC          27 November 2018             147,433         28 August 2021          28 August 2023             $ 0.00               $1.463
BE             26 August 2019             131,014       26 August 2022           26 August 2024             $ 0.00              $2.340
BF             26 August 2019           638,433         26 August 2022           26 August 2024             $ 0.00              $2.340
BG             26 August 2019             157,216       26 August 2022           26 August 2024             $ 0.00               $1.660
BE(1)       26 November 2019             136,435        26 August 2022           26 August 2024             $ 0.00              $2.290
BF(1)       26 November 2019             136,435        26 August 2022           26 August 2024             $ 0.00              $2.290
BG(1)       26 November 2019             163,722        26 August 2022           26 August 2024             $ 0.00               $1.630
BI        09 September 2020              275,091    09 September 2023        09 September 2025              $ 0.00               $1.790
BJ        09 September 2020               517,861   09 September 2023        09 September 2025              $ 0.00              $2.400
BI(2)      26 November 2020             208,856     09 September 2023        09 September 2025              $ 0.00              $2.500
BJ(2)      26 November 2020             208,856     09 September 2023        09 September 2025              $ 0.00              $3.560
BK         20 September 2021            154,445          31 August 2022          31 August 2024             $ 0.00              $7.600
BL         20 September 2021             186,733           31 August 2024          31 August 2026           $ 0.00               $5.230
BM         20 September 2021             186,733           31 August 2024          31 August 2026           $ 0.00               $7.600
BN(3)       29 November 2021              50,410           31 August 2022          31 August 2024           $ 0.00               $8.570
BO(3)       29 November 2021              74,636           31 August 2024          31 August 2026           $ 0.00               $5.680
BP(3)       29 November 2021              74,636           31 August 2024          31 August 2026           $ 0.00               $8.570

Total                                 3,730,556


(1) Performance rights relates to the CEO in series BE to BG were approved by the Board on 26 August 2019, subject to approval at the
    AGM. These performance rights were subsequently approved at the AGM on 26 November 2019.
(2) Performance rights relates to the CEO in series BH to BJ were approved by the Board on 09 September 2021, subject to approval at the
    AGM. These performance rights were subsequently approved at the AGM on 26 November 2020.
(3) Performance rights relates to the CEO in series BN to BP were approved by the Board on 20 September 2021, subject to approval at the
    AGM. These performance rights were subsequently approved at the AGM on 29 November 2021.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                          105
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




E.8      Other Items
New and revised standards and interpretations
Standards and Interpretations affecting amounts reported
The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are consistent with
those of the previous financial year, except for the adoption of new standards and interpretations effective as of
1 July 2020.
Several amendments apply for the first time in the current year. As required, the nature and effect of the changes of
these new standards has been disclosed throughout the report.
Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted
No Australian Accounting Standards issued but not yet mandatory for the financial year ending 30 June 2022 have
had a material impact on the Group for the year ended 30 June 2022.

E.9      Subsequent events
On 3 August 2022, Lynas announced an approximately $500m project to expand capacity at the Mt Weld mine and
concentration plant to meet accelerating market demand for rare earth materials.
With the exception of the above, there have been no other events subsequent to 30 June 2022 that would require
accrual or disclosure in this financial report.




106                                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
Mineral Resources and
Ore Reserves
as at 30 June 2022

1. MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT ORE RESERVES 2022
The Ore Reserve estimation for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is shown in Table 1.

TABLE 1: MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT ORE RESERVES 2022

                                                                              MILLION                      TREO                CONTAINED REO
JORC CLASSIFICATION                                                           TONNES                         %                  ‘000 TONNES

Ore Reserves within Pit boundary
Proved                                                                           13.1                       8.3                      1,092
Probable                                                                         5.0                        7.4                       369

Designed Pit Total                                                               18.1                        8.1                     1,461

On Stockpiles
Proved                                                                           0.6                       12.0                         66
Probable                                                                         0.0                        0.0                          0

Stockpiles Total                                                                 0.6                       12.0                         66

Total Ore Reserves
Proved                                                                          13.7                        8.4                      1,158
Probable                                                                         5.0                        7.4                       369

Total                                                                           18.6                        8.2                      1,527


* TREO = Total Rare Earth Oxides (La2O3, CeO2, Pr6O11, Nd2O3, Sm2O3, Eu2O3, Gd2O3, Tb4O7, Dy2O3, Ho2O3, Er2O3, Tm2O3, Yb2O3, Lu2O3) + Yttrium (Y2O3).
  Totals may not balance due to rounding of figures


Note:
The Ore Reserves for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is as of June 30, 2022. The 2022 Ore Reserve update is based
upon depletion of the in-situ ore reserves by mining activities between 1 July 2021 and 30 June 2022. Minor changes
to the stockpiles occurred as a result of processing. The stockpiles were estimated using survey volumes of the
stockpiles and grades assigned to the stockpiles by the grade control process. The grade control process is carried
out by Mr Thomas Leggo, an employee of Lynas Rare Earths. The surveys have been carried out by Mr Bradley
Hughes, an employee of Lynas Rare Earths. Mr Steve Lampron, (Ragnarok Mining Pty Ltd) has carried out a review
and audit of these figures and found them to fall within expected error deviations. The company confirms that
all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimated Ore Reserves set out in the ASX
announcement dated August 6, 2018 continue to apply and have not materially changed.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                                                     107
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves




2. MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT MINERAL RESOURCES 2022
The Mineral Resource estimation for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is shown in Table 2, reported above a cut-off of
2.5% Total Rare Earth Oxides (TREO).

TABLE 2: MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT MINERAL RESOURCES 2022

                                                                               MILLION                     TREO                CONTAINED REO
JORC CLASSIFICATION                                                            TONNES                        %                  ‘000 TONNES

Insitu
Measured                                                                        16.5                         7.5                     1,241
Indicated                                                                        11.8                       5.4                          633
Inferred                                                                        25.9                        3.6                          937

Subtotal                                                                        54.2                        5.2                      2,812

On Stockpiles
Measured                                                                         0.5                          12                         66

Subtotal                                                                         0.5                         12                          66

Total Mineral Resources
Measured                                                                        17.0                        7.6                      1,307
Indicated                                                                        11.8                       5.4                          633
Inferred                                                                        25.9                        3.6                          937

Total                                                                           54.7                        5.3                     2,877


* TREO = Total Rare Earth Oxides (La2O3, CeO2, Pr6O11, Nd2O3, Sm2O3, Eu2O3, Gd2O3, Tb4O7, Dy2O3, Ho2O3, Er2O3, Tm2O3, Yb2O3, Lu2O3) + Yttrium (Y2O3).
  Totals may not balance due to rounding of figures.
Mineral Resources have been reported above a cut-off of 2.5% TREO. The Mineral Resources are inclusive of Ore Reserves.

Note:
The Mineral Resource estimation for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is as of June 30, 2022. The company confirms
that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimated Mineral Resources set out in
the ASX announcement dated August 6, 2018 continue to apply and have not materially changed. The exceptions
are the inclusion of stockpiled material as a Measured Resource.



3. NIOBIUM RICH RARE METALS MINERAL RESOURCES
The Mineral Resource estimation for the niobium rich rare metals prospect referred to as the Niobium Rich Rare
Metals Project is shown in Table 3. The Rare Metals Project is located at Mt Weld.

TABLE 3: CLASSIFICATION OF MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE NIOBIUM RICH RARE METALS PROJECT

                                     MILLION            Ta2O5         Nb2O5          TLnO            ZrO           P2O5          Y2O3           TiO2
CATEGORY                             TONNES                %             %              %              %             %             %              %

Measured                                      0             0              0              0            0              0             0              0
Indicated                                    1.5       0.037             1.4            1.65        0.32            8.9            0.1           5.8
Inferred                                  36.2         0.024            1.06            1.14         0.3           7.96         0.09           3.94

Total                                      37.7        0.024            1.07            1.16         0.3           7.99         0.09           4.01




108                                                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
Notes:
1. 	 All figures are percentages. Ta2O5 Tantalum Oxide, Nb2O5 Niobium Oxide, TLnO Total Rare Earth Oxide,
      ZrO zirconia, P2O5 Phosphate, Y2O3 yttria, TiO2 titanium oxide.
2. The Mineral Resource estimation for the niobium rich rare metals is as per ASX announcement dated 6 October
   2004. Lynas Corp confirms that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimated
   Mineral Resources continue to apply and have not materially changed. Figures in the table may not sum due to
   rounding.

There have been no changes to the Niobium Rich Rare Metals Project Mineral Resource since the previous
reporting period.

Note on governance arrangements and internal controls:
All Lynas Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimations are compiled by experienced competent persons who
are engaged as independent external consultants to Lynas. The relevant Competent Person ensures that all
aspects of the Mineral Resource estimations or the Ore Reserve estimations (as applicable) meet the JORC code
requirements.




COMPETENT PERSON’S STATEMENTS – MINERAL RESOURCES
The information in this report that relates to the 2022 Mineral Resources is based on information compiled by
Ms Elizabeth Haren and Dr Andrew Scogings. Ms Haren is Associate Principal Consultant at Snowden and a
Member and Chartered Professional of the Australian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and a Member of the
Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Dr Scogings is Associate Executive Consultant at a Snowden is a Member of
the Australian Institute of Geoscientists and is a Registered Professional Geoscientist (RP Geo. Industrial Minerals).
Ms Haren and Dr Scogings have sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit
under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012
Edition of the Australasian Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, and Ore Reserves.
Ms Haren and Dr Scogings consent to disclosure of information in this report in the form and context in which it
appears.

The information in this report that relates to the Niobium Rich Rare Metals Project is based on information
compiled by Mr Brendan Shand. Mr Shand is a consultant geologist to Lynas Rare Earths. Mr Shand is a Member of
The Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Shand has sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation
and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as Competent Person
as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources,
and Ore Reserves (JORC Code). Mr Shand consents to the disclosure of information in this report in the form and
context in which it appears.




COMPETENT PERSON’S STATEMENTS – ORE RESERVES
The information in this Release which relates to the 2020 Ore Reserves estimate accurately reflect information
prepared by Competent Persons (as defined by the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves). The information in this public statement that relates to the Mt Weld Rare Earths
Project is based on information resulting from Feasibility works carried out by Auralia Mining Consulting Pty
Ltd. Mr Steve Lampron completed the Ore Reserve estimate. Mr Steve Lampron is a Member of the Australasian
Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and
type of deposit under consideration and to the activity that he is undertaking to qualify him as a Competent Person
as defined in accordance with the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC). Mr Steve
Lampron consents to the inclusion in the document of the information in the form and context in which it appears.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                       109
Additional Information
Additional information required by the Australian Securities Exchange Ltd and not shown elsewhere in this report.
The information is current as at 1 September 2022.


(A) Distribution of Ordinary Shares
The number of shareholders by size of holding of ordinary shares is:


                                                                                      Number            Percentage
Holdings Ranges                                                   Holders            of Shares            of Shares

1 – 1,000                                                         26,966            12,005,175               1.330
1,001 – 5,000                                                      16,954          42,365,210               4.690
5,001 – 10,000                                                     4,086          30,408,364                 3.370
10,001 – 100,000                                                       3,389       82,525,780                9.150
100,001 and over                                                        200       735,107,025               81.460

Totals                                                             51,595        902,411,554               100.00

The number of shareholders holding less than
a marketable parcel of shares                                          1,308           36,671               0.004



(B)      Distribution of Employee Options/Performance Rights
There are 3,730,557 unlisted employee options / performance rights. The number of beneficial holders, by size of
holding, of employee options / performance rights are:

Holdings Ranges                                                                                            Holders

1 – 1,000                                                                                                          0
1,001 – 5,000                                                                                                      0
5,001 – 10,000                                                                                                     0
10,001 – 100,000                                                                                                   20
100,001 and over                                                                                                   10

Total                                                                                                              30




110                                                                                          www.LynasRareEarths.com
(C)     Twenty Largest Shareholders
The names of the twenty largest registered holders of quoted shares are:

                                                                                      Listed Ordinary Shares

                                                                                         Number           % of
                                                                                        of Shares       Shares

   1    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                     329,186,115     36.478%
   2    J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                    117,926,020       13.068%
   3    CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                 91,445,376       10.133%
   4    NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                     46,145,710         5.114%
   5    BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                 32,119,413       3.559%
   6    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD ACF CLEARSTREAM                                  25,434,991        2.819%
   7    MERRILL LYNCH (AUSTRALIA) NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                 8,388,188       0.930%
   8    ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                       6,779,221        0.751%
   9    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                      6,706,594        0.743%
        <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>
  10    CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                   5,392,428       0.598%
   11   HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                              4,837,857        0.536%
  12    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                          4,105,816        0.455%
  13    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT DRP>                      2,831,715       0.314%
  14    BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <GLOBAL MARKETS DRP>                                  2,667,260       0.296%
  15    NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                               1,927,781       0.214%
  16    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                      1,901,894         0.211%
  17    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                 1,756,301       0.195%
  18    MS AMANDA MARGARET LACAZE & MR WAYNE VINCENT MORGAN                             1,532,167       0.170%
        <THE MORGAN LACAZE A/C>
  19    JAPAN AUSTRALIA RARE EARTHS BV                                                 1,097,228        0.122%
 20     DR ALBERT SIONG LONG TING & MRS TERESA KING ING TING                           1,052,000         0.117%
        <LOGAN MS P/L STAFF PF A/C>

        TOTAL                                                                       693,234,075       76.820%



(D) Substantial Shareholders
The names of substantial shareholders who have notified the Company in accordance with section 671B of the
Corporations Act 2001 are:

                                                                                               Relevant Interest
                                                                                      in Listed Ordinary Shares

   1    Blackrock Group                                                                             54,180,560
   2    Challenger Limited                                                                          45,247,686




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report                                                                 111
Additional Information




(E)    Voting Rights
All ordinary shares (whether fully paid or not) carry one vote per share without restriction. No other class of equity
securities carries voting rights unless converted into ordinary shares.


(F)     Schedule of Interests in Mining Tenements
                                                                        Tenement                  Percentage Held

Mt Weld Rare Earths Project
Mt Weld                                                                   M38/58                         100
Mt Weld                                                                   M38/59                         100
Mt Weld                                                                  M38/326                         100
Mt Weld                                                                  M38/327                         100
Mt Weld                                                                  E38/2224                        100
Mt Weld                                                                  E38/2935                        100
Mt Weld                                                                  L38/224                         100
Mt Weld                                                                   L38/98                         100
Mt Weld                                                                   G38/34                         100
Mt Weld                                                                   G38/35                         100




112                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2022 Annual Report   113
CORPORATE DIRECTORY
ABN 27 009 066 648




Registered Office
Level 1, 45 Royal Street
East Perth WA 6004

p +61 8 6241 3800
f +61 8 9242 7219

general@lynasre.com


Company Secretary
Sarah Leonard


Malaysian Office
PT17212 Jalan Gebeng 3
Kawasan Perindustrian Gebeng
26080 Kuantan, Pahang Darul Makmur
Malaysia

p +60 9 582 5200
f +60 9 582 5291

general@lynasre.com


Share Register
Boardroom Pty Ltd

Level 12, Grosvenor Place
225 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000 Australia

p +61 2 9290 9600
f +61 2 9279 0664

enquiries@boardroomlimited.com.au


Auditors
Ernst & Young

200 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000 Australia




w LynasRareEarths.com
