         2021
Annual Report
Contents

FY21                                      1

Letter from the Chairman                 2

CEO Review                               4

Our Operations                           7

Our Values                               7

Board of Directors                       8

Senior Management Team                   8

Directors’ Report                        9

Sustainability Statement                30

Remuneration Report – Audited            31

Directors’ Declaration                  47

Auditor’s Independence Declaration      48

Independent Auditor’s Report            49

Financial Statements                    55
 Consolidated Statement of Profit or
 Loss and Comprehensive Income          56
 Consolidated Statement of
 Financial Position                      57
 Consolidated Statement of
 Changes in Equity                      58
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   59

Notes to the Financial Statements       60

Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves      101

Additional Information                  104

Corporate Directory                     109




                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
FY21 Highlights




  $157m                                          $498m                  $681m
  Record                                         Record                 Cash and
  Profit                                         Sales                  short term deposits




  848                                            10+                    21%
  Employees                                      Nationalities          Women
  and Contractors                                in Senior Leadership   Senior Executives




  Zero                                           External
                                                 accreditations
  COVID-19 Workplace
  Transmission in FY21
                                                 maintained



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                1
Letter from the Chairman

                     Dear Shareholder, I’m pleased to present the 2021 Annual Report.

                     Operational improvements implemented in prior years meant we were well
                     positioned to deliver and grow in 2021, including being able to capture the
                     benefits of much improved market conditions.

                     Lynas achieved a record annual net profit (NPAT) of $157.1m and sales
                     revenue increased to $489.0m during the financial year. These results were
                     achieved as a result of strengthened market demand and prices supported
                     by continued strong cost control.

                     Despite external challenges faced during the year, particularly as a result of
                     the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, total production volumes
                     increased to 15,761 REO tonnes (FY20: 14,562 tonnes) and total NdPr
                     production grew to 5,461 tonnes in FY21 (FY20: 4,656 tonnes).

                     The second half of FY21 was particularly challenging for our team in
                     Malaysia as the country dealt with a 3rd wave of COVID-19. Lynas reinforced
                     and strengthened all health and hygiene protocols and our Lynas Malaysia
                     team members put in an outstanding effort to ensure that operations
“Globally, demand   could continue. Since the end of the financial year, we have achieved 99.5%
                     vaccination for our Malaysian employees by participating in the Malaysian
 for electric        Government’s Public/Private Partnership COVID-19 Industry Immunisation
                     Programme (PIKAS) initiative. I would like to recognise all of our Malaysian
 vehicles and        team members for their achievements in these difficult circumstances.

 wind energy has     During the year Lynas benefited from favourable market conditions and
                     growing demand for our products. Globally, demand for electric vehicles
 accelerated and     and wind energy has accelerated and high growth in demand for NdFeB
                     magnets contributed to growth in demand for Lynas’ NdPr product family
 high growth         and mixed Heavy Rare Earths.

 in demand for       The Lynas 2025 growth vision represents Lynas’ plan to grow with the
                     market and meet this accelerating market demand for Rare Earths. As part
 NdFeB magnets       of this plan, work on the new Rare Earths Processing Facility in Kalgoorlie
                     progressed well throughout the year.
 contributed
                     The Lynas balance sheet was enhanced following the successful
 to growth in        completion of a $425m equity raise in September 2020 to fund Lynas 2025
                     foundation projects, primarily the construction of the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths
 demand for          Processing plant and the associated upgrades at the Lynas Malaysia plant.

 Lynas’ NdPr         The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to heighten customer and
                     government interest in securing reliable and diversified Rare Earths supply
 product family      for growing industries. As the only significant producer of separated Rare
                     Earths outside of China, Lynas is engaged with governments around the
 and mixed Heavy     world to sustainably address this supply chain challenge.

                     Following year end and as announced on 22 July 2021, Lynas was awarded
 Rare Earths.”       a $14.8 million grant as part of the Australian government’s Modern
                     Manufacturing Initiative. The grant will enable Lynas to commercialise
                     an industry-first Rare Earth carbonate refining process that has been




2                                                                          www.LynasRareEarths.com
                                             developed inhouse at Lynas. The new process will feed the Lynas Malaysia
                                             plant as well as the proposed U.S. Rare Earth processing facility and will be
                                             installed during the construction of the Rare Earth Processing Facility in
                                             Kalgoorlie.

                                             During the year Lynas also received support from the United States
                                             Government as part of its efforts to secure sustainable critical mineral
                                             supply chains. Lynas signed two contracts with the United States
                                             Government during the year. These were a contract for Phase 1 work on
                                             a Heavy Rare Earths separation facility, and a contract for the construction
                                             of a commercial Light Rare Earths separation plant in the United States.

                                             Lynas recognises the importance of our environmental, social and govern-
                                             ance performance to all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders
                                             and our local communities. This year we refreshed our ESG reporting in line
                                             with international common metrics initiatives and, in September 2021, we
                                             confirmed Lynas’ commitment to the Science Based Targets initiative. The
                                             full ESG Report is available at the Lynas website.

                                             The Board is pleased to continue to build value for our shareholders. Lynas’
                                             position in the market as the only producer of scale of separated Rare
                                             Earths outside of China and the Group’s performance underpinned a
                                             significant uplift in market capitalisation during the year. We are proud to
                                             have been rated as the 4th highest performing stock on the ASX measured
                                             by Total Shareholder Return.

                                             On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank
                                             Amanda Lacaze, her executive team and the entire Lynas team for their
                                             continued hard work and dedication to the business throughout the year,
                                             particularly with the ongoing challenges presented by COVID-19.

                                             The Board would also like to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued
                                             support of the business. While the challenges of the pandemic are likely to
                                             remain in the short-term, Lynas’ unique position in the market and Lynas
                                             2025 growth vision ensures the Group is well positioned to benefit from
                                             accelerated market growth.




                                             Kathleen Conlon
                                             Chairman




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                               3
CEO Review

                        This year the Group delivered a record profit
                        from record sales revenue. This is a testament
                        to the resilience of the business and the
                        excellent performance of our people in
                        overcoming the challenges presented by the
                        COVID-19 pandemic.
                        This has been a significant transition year for our business. Forecasts for
                        strong demand growth for Rare Earth materials, particularly magnetic
                        materials, were exceeded in FY21, driven by strong consumer demand
                        for new green technologies. In addition, governments around the world
                        intensified their efforts in relation to securing Rare Earth supply for industry.
                        While the ongoing pandemic continued to present challenges to the way
                        we operate, pleasingly, our business showed that we are sufficiently agile
                        to manage these risks and our people have stepped up and made the
“Our Lynas 2025        changes needed to achieve continued success.
 growth vision
                        Overcoming the challenges of COVID-19
 is designed to
                        FY21 was a year of two halves and the conclusion of the financial year
 develop our            was fundamentally different from the start. We commenced the year
                        with low COVID-19 case numbers in both Malaysia and Western Australia.
 resource for the       Unfortunately, a vigorous third wave of COVID-19 in Malaysia led to daily
                        cases rising to around 20,000 by the financial year end. This big step
 future, leverage       change has presented a number of challenges for the business.

 our downstream         Ensuring the health and safety of our people and our communities is
                        always our first priority, and even more so as we managed operations
 processing             during the pandemic.

    capability          During the year we enhanced our health and safety procedures in line with
                        Malaysian Government SOPs as well as our own policies. This has stood us
    and expand          in good stead and we have been able to continue operations in Malaysia,
                        albeit at 75% of our Lynas NEXT rates. This is an outstanding achievement
    our industrial      and highlights the strong compliance of our employees in implementing
                        our extended safety procedures in both their work and home lives. We
    footprint to meet   are continuing to implement these strong protocols in recognition of the
                        continuing risks to our people from the pandemic.
    accelerating        Our risk management procedures have enabled the team to mitigate
    market demand. ”    logistics risks related to shipping delays, including by holding more stock
                        and carefully managing inventory.

                        We have been pleased to provide COVID-19 vaccines to our Malaysian staff
                        through our participation in the Malaysian Government’s Public/Private
                        Partnership COVID-19 Industry Immunisation Programme (PIKAS) initiative
                        with 99.5% of our people now fully vaccinated.




4                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
Plans were progressed for the construction of a Permanent Disposal Facility (PDF) for WLP residue in Malaysia
during the year, notwithstanding constraints presented by COVID-19 conditions. In recognition of these constraints,
the regulator in Malaysia has extended the deadline for satisfaction of the licence condition related to the
commencement of construction of the PDF to 2 March 2022. We continue to engage productively with the relevant
government and regulatory authorities to progress the approvals for the PDF.


Favorable market dynamics and growing demand
The Rare Earths market has shown exciting growth since the beginning of FY21. The NdPr oxide China domestic
price commenced the year at around US$36.0 per/kg (ex-VAT). As a result of strong demand pricing strengthened
over the year reaching more favorable pricing of US$64.7 per/kg (ex-VAT) by year end. As a result of the strength-
ened demand and price during the year, net sales revenue for FY21 was a record A$489.0m (FY20 A$305.1m) and
total sales volume increased to 16,405 REOt (FY20 14,172 REOt).

We continue to be the leading supplier of NdPr products to the Japanese market and high growth in the NdFeB
market contributed to demand for our NdPr product family and mixed Heavy Rare Earths product. In addition, the
demand for catalyst from the automotive and the fluid catalytic cracking (FCC) sectors is back to its pre-COVID
levels. Throughout the financial year we continued to focus on our key strategic customer relationships.

Across both operating sites we continue to focus on operational excellence through our continuous improvement
programs. This includes strong cost control, inventory management and investment in process and product
innovation.

At Mt Weld, we are investing in continued exploration of the ore body. The team continued metallurgical test
work on drillhole samples that were retrieved following the drilling exploration. We are excited to invest in further
processing equipment at Mt Weld, including the installation of two new items; a new dryer to improve the physical
quality of the concentrate and a second stack cell following the success of the Pre-Rougher Stack Cell in 2019.
A comprehensive plant audit was conducted at Lynas Malaysia following the forced shutdown in the early stages
of the pandemic. The team has developed and is implementing a comprehensive maintenance program to ensure
the plant continues to perform at the high level seen in FY21.

Water management is important to our operations and a key focus of our ESG philosophy. Our teams at both Mt
Weld and Lynas Malaysia implemented new water management solutions during the year and have developed
plans for further significant improvements.

The strength of the Rare Earths market, despite the ongoing challenges of the pandemic, reinforced the impor-
tance of Rare Earth material globally. This resulted in governments around the world taking action to address
supply chain vulnerabilities. As the only producer of separated Rare Earths outside of China, Lynas continues to play
an active role in the development of robust and resilient Rare Earth supply chains for key international markets.


Meeting customer needs for safe, sustainable, and ethically responsible
Rare Earths
In FY21, NdPr production was 5,461 tonnes and total REO production was 15,761 tonnes. At Mt Weld, preparations
were made to commence a new mining campaign, which started in Q1 FY22.

We maintained strong safety results in FY21, achieving 12-month rolling lost time injury frequency rate at 0.8 per
million hours worked at 30 June 2021 (June 2020 0.8/m hours worked). Similarly, the 12-month total recordable
injury frequency rate improved to 2.1 per million hours worked at 30 June 2021 (June 2020 3.5/m hours worked).



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                       5
CEO Review




In line with our determination to operate as an ethical and responsible producer of Rare Earth materials, Lynas
Malaysia was awarded a Gold Medal EcoVadis Sustainability rating for the second time. Once again, this places
Lynas Malaysia among the top 5% of companies evaluated.


Progress towards our Lynas 2025 vision
Our Lynas 2025 growth vision is designed to develop our resource for the future, leverage our downstream
processing capability and expand our industrial footprint to meet accelerating market demand.

Having confirmed our plans for the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility in FY20, during FY21 we put that plan
into action. We closed the financial year with equipment ordered and people on site executing on the early works
that have been approved by the regulator.

Key achievements for the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility in FY21 included:
    • Placement of orders for all long lead time items and 60% of total equipment requirements.
    • First Kalgoorlie-based employees hired.
    • Minor and preliminary works on site, as approved by the WA Environmental Protection Authority (EPA)
      in March 2021. These works established an access road, site office and a pad suitable for the delivery of
      equipment such as the steel tanks that were fabricated in Perth.
    • Four-week public review of the Environmental Review Document for the Kalgoorlie Rare Earth Processing
      Facility by the EPA, which commenced on 9 June 2021, including the operation of a community Pop-up
      Information Point in Kalgoorlie in September 2020 and again in June 2021, allowing community members to
      visit the shopfront and discuss plans for the project with Lynas team members.

In FY21 we also advanced our plans for a proposed U.S. Rare Earths Separation Facility. This included signing two
separate funding contracts with the United States Government in FY21.

In line with U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) Phase 1 milestones, we submitted detailed engineering and design
work for the Heavy Rare Earths (HRE) Separation Facility to the U.S. Government during the year. Our project teams
also progressed site studies and planning for an integrated Heavy and Light Rare Earths Separation Facility.


Growing our business for the future
FY21 has been a significant transitional year for the Lynas business. We have demonstrated that we are sufficiently
agile to manage risks, and this has seen the company deliver a strong result in challenging times.

We have made good progress on our Lynas 2025 projects, and the excellent financial and operational performance
delivered during the year is the direct result of the hard work, determination and resilience of the people in this
business. We are focused on delivering our Lynas 2025 growth ambitions. In addition, we are developing new plans
that will allow us to grow faster to meet market demand and achieve accelerated growth by 2025.

I would like to acknowledge the outstanding performance of our people during the year despite the challenges
of COVID-19 and thank the Board for their continued support and guidance. I would also like to thank you, our
shareholders, for your commitment to our business. I look forward to updating you on our achievements in the next
financial year.




Amanda Lacaze
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer




6                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
Our Operations




    MALAYSIA                                     AUSTRALIA                                    UNITED STATES
               Lynas Malaysia:                            Mt Weld, WA:                                    Proposed U.S. Heavy
               Integrated Rare                            Tier 1 Rare Earths                              Rare Earths and
               Earths refinery in                         deposit,                                        Light Rare Earths
               Gebeng, Malaysia.                          Concentration Plant                             Processing Facilities




                                                          Kalgoorlie, WA:
                                                          Rare Earths
                                                          Processing Facility
                                                          under construction




Living our values


          Care                 Achievement                 Expertise                 Diversity                Sustainability
  We care for and respect      We are resilient and   We are driven to be the    We are a multicultural    We are passionate about
       each other, our           committed. We         world’s best in Rare     company. We value and          contributing to a
   communities and the       overcome challenges to   Earths and to earn the      embrace diversity.        sustainable future and
  environment. We make          achieve our goals.        respect of our                                     green technologies.
  sure we all go home safe                                  customers.
          and well.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                       7
BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Kathleen Conlon                           Amanda Lacaze                     Philippe Etienne
Chair                                     Managing Director & CEO           Non-Executive Director




Dr Vanessa Guthrie AO                     John Humphrey                     Grant Murdoch
Non-Executive Director                    Non-Executive Director            Non-Executive Director




SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM




Amanda Lacaze            Mimi Afzan Afza           Dato’ Mashal     Daniel Havas            Sarah Leonard
Managing Director        Vice President            Ahmad            Vice President          General Counsel &
& CEO                    People & Culture          Vice President   Strategy & Investor     Company Secretary
                                                   Malaysia         Relations




                         Kam Leung                 Pol Le Roux      Jennifer Parker         Gaudenz
                         Vice President            Vice President   Vice President          Sturzenegger
                         Upstream                  Downstream       Corporate Affairs       Chief Financial Officer




8                                                                                         www.LynasRareEarths.com
Directors’ Report

The Board of Directors (the “Board” or the “Directors”) of Lynas Rare Earths
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the
“Group”) submit their report for the year ended 30 June 2021. In order to
comply with the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, the Directors
report as follows:


CORPORATE INFORMATION
Lynas Rare Earths Limited is limited by shares and is incorporated and domiciled in Australia. The Group’s corporate
structure is as follows:


                                          Lynas Corporation Limited
                                                       ACN 009 066 648                                     0.01%
                                                     ABN 27 009 066 648
                                                 Date of Incorporation 23/5/1983
                                                        Registered in WA




       100%                    100%                         100%                         100%                      100%                    100%
  Lynas Services             Mt Weld                  Lynas Kalgoorlie                Lynas USA              Lynas Malaysia           Lynas Africa
     Pty Ltd                 Holdings                     Pty Ltd                        LLC                    Sdn Bhd                Holdings
 ABN 31 103 936 232
                              Pty Ltd                 ABN 73 053 160 302           Date of Incorporation    Malaysian Company No
                                                                                                                                        Pty Ltd
 Date of Incorporation   ABN 75 073 998 106           Date of Incorporation             24/6/2019              200601032530           ACN 148 189 511
      3/3/2003           Date of Incorporation              29/7/1991                 Registered in          Date of Incorporation   Date of Incorporation
     Registered in            15/5/1996                   Registered in              Delaware, USA                6/11/2006                13/1/2011
       Victoria             Registered in                    NSW                                                Registered in           Registered in
                                 WA                                                                                Malaysia                Victoria




                               100%                                                                                                      99.99%
                         Mt Weld Mining                                                                                               Lynas Africa
                             Pty Ltd                                                                                                    Limited
                         ABN 96 053 160 400                                                                                          Malawi Company No
                         Date of Incorporation                                                                                              8409
                              29/7/1991                                                                                              Date of Incorporation
                             Registered in                                                                                                12/7/2007
                                NSW                                                                                                     Registered in
                                                                                                                                           Malawi




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                                               9
Directors’ Report




DIRECTORS
The names and details of the Company’s Directors who were in office during or since the end of the financial year
are as set out below. All Directors were in office for this entire period unless otherwise stated.

Kathleen Conlon BA (Econ) (Dist.), MBA, FAICD
Non-Executive Chair (Appointed to Chair 30 September 2020)
Ms Conlon was appointed as a Non-Executive Director from 1 November 2011. Ms Conlon is currently a
Non-Executive Director of REA Group Limited, Aristocrat Leisure Limited, BlueScope Steel Limited and The
Benevolent Society and is a former Non-Executive Director of CSR Limited. She is a member of Chief Executive
Women, former President of the NSW division of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a former
member of the National Board of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Ms Conlon is a former Chairperson
of the audit committee of the Commonwealth Department of Health. Prior to her Non-Executive Director career,
Ms Conlon spent 20 years in professional consulting where she successfully assisted companies to achieve
increased shareholder returns through strategic and operational improvements in a diverse range of industries.

Ms Conlon is one of the pre-eminent thought leaders in the area of operations and change management, both
in Australia and globally. In 2003, Ms Conlon was awarded the Commonwealth Centenary medal for services to
business leadership.

Ms Conlon is a member of the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee and the Health, Safety and
Environment Committee.

Mike Harding MSc (MecEn)
Non-Executive Chair (Resigned 30 September 2020)
Mr Harding joined the Company as Non-Executive Chairman on 1 January 2015 and has significant experience with
industrial businesses, having previously held management positions around the world with British Petroleum (BP),
including as President and General Manager of BP Exploration Australia.

Mr Harding is currently Chairman of Downer EDI Ltd, Chairman of Horizon Oil Limited, and a Non-Executive
Director of Cleanaway Waste Management Limited (formerly Transpacific Industries Group Ltd). He is a former
Chairman of Roc Oil Company Limited and a former Non-Executive Director of Santos Limited and Clough Limited.

Mr Harding resigned from the Company effective 30 September 2020.

Amanda Lacaze BA, MAICD
Managing Director
Ms Lacaze was appointed as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on 25 June 2014
following her appointment as a Non-Executive Director of the Company on 1 January 2014.

Ms Lacaze brings more than 25 years of senior operational experience to Lynas, including as Chief Executive Officer
of Commander Communications, Executive Chairman of Orion Telecommunications and Chief Executive Officer of
AOL|7. Prior to that, Ms Lacaze was Managing Director of Marketing at Telstra and held various business manage-
ment roles at ICI Australia (now Orica and Incitec Pivot). Ms Lacaze’s early experience was in consumer goods with
Nestle.

Ms Lacaze is a member of Chief Executive Women and the Australian Institute of Company Directors. She was a
Non-Executive Director of ING Bank Australia until 30 May 2021. Ms Lacaze holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree from
the University of Queensland and postgraduate Diploma in Marketing from the Australian Graduate School of
Management.

Philippe Etienne MBA, BSc (Phys) (Pharm)
Non-Executive Director
Mr Etienne joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director on 1 January 2015. He is a Non-Executive Director of
Cleanaway Waste Management Limited (formerly Transpacific Industries Group Ltd), Aristocrat Leisure Limited and
Chairman of ANZ Terminals Pty Ltd. Mr Etienne was also the former Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
of Innovia Security Pty Ltd.

Previously, he was Chief Executive Officer of Orica Mining Services and was a member of Orica Limited’s Executive



10                                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
Committee. Mr Etienne is a graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. His career includes senior
executive positions with Orica in Australia, the USA and Germany including strategy and planning and responsibility
for synergy delivery of large scale acquisitions.

Mr Etienne is the Chair of the Health, Safety and Environment Committee and a member of the Audit and Risk
Committee.

John Humphrey LLB
Non-Executive Director
Mr Humphrey joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director on 15 May 2017. His key areas of expertise include
mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance and corporate governance.

Mr Humphrey is a senior consultant to King & Wood Mallesons. He was the Dean of the Faculty of Law at
Queensland University of Technology from January 2013 until June 2019. He was a Senior Partner at King & Woods
Mallesons between 1998 and 2012 and a Partner at Corrs Chambers Westgarth between 1980 and 1998. He is an
experienced Non-Executive Director having previously been Chairman and a Non-Executive Director of Spotless
Group Holdings until 31 January 2021 and Chairman and Non-Executive Director of Auswide Bank Limited (formerly
Wide Bay Australia Limited) until 31 December 2020. He was appointed as Chairman and a Non-Executive Director
of Titles Queensland in August 2021 and he has previously served as Chairman and Non-Executive Director of
Horizon Oil Limited and Villa World Limited, Deputy Chairman of King & Wood Mallesons and as a Non-Executive
Director of Cromwell Property Group, Downer Group Limited, and Sunshine Broadcasting Group Limited. He has
also served as a member of the Australian Takeovers Panel.

Mr Humphrey is the Chair of the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee and a member of the
Audit and Risk Committee.

Grant Murdoch M COM (Hons), FAICD, FCA
Non-Executive Director
Mr Murdoch joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director on 30 October 2017. Mr Murdoch has more than
38 years of chartered accounting experience. From 2004 to 2011, Mr Murdoch led the corporate finance team
for Ernst & Young Queensland and was an audit and corporate finance partner with Deloitte from 1980 to 2000.
Mr Murdoch has extensive experience in providing advice in relation to mergers, acquisitions, takeovers, corporate
restructures, share issues, pre-acquisition pricing due diligence advice, expert reports for capital raisings and initial
public offerings.

Mr Murdoch is currently a Non-Executive Director and chair of the audit committee of the listed entity OFX Ltd and
Auswide Bank Ltd (from 1 January 2021). He was previously a director and the chair of the audit committee for ALS
Limited, Redbubble Limited and QIC. He is a senator of the University of Queensland (as well as chair of the risk
committee and member of the finance committee), an adjunct professor at the University of Queensland Business
School and a director of UQ Holdings Limited. Mr Murdoch has a Master’s degree in Commerce (Honours) from the
University of Canterbury, New Zealand, is a graduate of the Kellogg Advanced Executive Program and the Advanced
Leadership Program at Northwestern University. He is a fellow of both the Institute of Chartered Accountants in
Australia and New Zealand and of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. He is a member of the AICD State
Council for Queensland for the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

Mr Murdoch is the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and a member of the Nomination, Remuneration and
Community Committee.

Dr Vanessa Guthrie AO, Hon DSc, PhD, BSc (Hons)
Non-Executive Director (Appointed 1 October 2020)
Dr Guthrie was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 1 October 2020. Dr Guthrie has qualifications in geology,
environment, law and business management including a PhD in Geology and over 30 years’ experience in the
resources sector.

Dr Guthrie is currently a non-executive Director of Santos Limited, Tronox Holdings PLC and Cricket Australia, a Lead
Independent Director and Deputy Chair of Adbri Limited, and Pro-Chancellor of Curtin University. Dr Guthrie was
formerly the Deputy Chair of the WACA and non-executive Director of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
In 2017, Dr Guthrie was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Science from Curtin University for her contribution to
sustainability, innovation and policy leadership in the resources industry. Dr Guthrie was appointed an Officer of
the Order of Australia in 2021 for contribution to the minerals and resources sector.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                              11
Directors’ Report




Dr Guthrie is a member of the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee and the Health, Safety and
Environment Committee.


Resignations
Mike Harding resigned effective 30 September 2020. There have been no other resignations from the Board.



COMPANY SECRETARIES
Andrew Arnold (Resigned 16 April 2021)
Mr Arnold was appointed as General Counsel and Company Secretary to the Group on 23 July 2008, following
15 years as a lawyer at Deacons, including six years as a Partner. During that time Mr Arnold also spent two years on
secondment at Riddell Williams, Seattle. In his role at Deacons he had been overseeing the legal work of the Group
since 2001. Mr Arnold was the responsible person for communication with the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)
in relation to listing rule matters.

Mr Arnold resigned from the Company effective 16 April 2021.

Ivo Polovineo (Resigned 16 April 2021)
Mr Polovineo, appointed as Joint Company Secretary on 20 October 2014, was previously Chief Financial Officer and
Company Secretary for Sino Gold Mining Limited, formerly an ASX 100 company. He was with Sino Gold for 12 years
as part of the executive team. Mr Polovineo is a Fellow of the Institute of Public Accountants (FIPA) with 35 years’
experience as a CFO and Company Secretary including 25 years in the resources sector. Mr Polovineo is also
Company Secretary of Variscan Mines Limited, Silver City Minerals Limited and Thomson Resources Ltd.

Mr Polovineo resigned from the Company effective 16 April 2021.

Sarah Leonard (Effective 27 January 2021)
Ms Leonard is an experienced General Counsel and is a leading resources and infrastructure lawyer. She was
previously the Group Legal Counsel at Monadelphous Group Limited, an ASX listed contractor in the resources
sector. In that role, she was responsible for governance, compliance and regulatory matters in relation to the Group.
Prior to her role as Group Legal Counsel, Sarah was a partner at Corrs Chambers Westgarth in the construction and
infrastructure team.



REMUNERATION OF KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
Information about the remuneration of key management personnel is set out in the remuneration report of this
Directors’ Report. The term ‘key management personnel’ refers to those persons having authority and responsibility
for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including any Director of the
Company.



DIRECTORS SHAREHOLDINGS
As at the date of this report, the Directors’ shareholdings are consistent with the shareholdings table described in
Section I(i) of the remuneration report.




12                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activities of the Group are:
   • Integrated extraction and processing of Rare Earth minerals, primarily in Australia and Malaysia; and
   • Development of Rare Earth deposits.


SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS
Except as disclosed in the review of operations, the factors and business risks that affect future performance and
the subsequent events, there have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group during the
current financial year.



PERFORMANCE REVIEW
The Directors together with Management monitor the Group’s overall performance including development and
implementation of the strategic plan and the operating and financial performance of the Group.



REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
Financial Highlights
A record profit was delivered in FY2021. The external environment was very challenging primarily due to the effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic. Direct effects of the pandemic included the need to implement COVID-19 health and
safety protocols such as limiting the number of employees on site, shipping disruptions and delays and disrupted
supply of certain key raw materials. Despite these challenges production was sustained at 75% of Lynas NEXT
production capacity (equivalent to original nameplate production). As a result of careful management Lynas was
able to meet the needs of key customers throughout the year.

Increased sales revenue, continuing strong cost control and strengthened market prices contributed to a Net Profit
After Tax (NPAT) of $157.1m. This represents a 910% increase on the FY2020 NPAT (which was heavily influenced
by the 6-week temporary shutdown of the Lynas Malaysia plant due to movement controls implemented by the
Malaysia Government at the start of the pandemic).


                                                                                                         Movement
                                                             FY21            FY20
                                                              $m              $m               $m                    %

Net Sales Revenue                                          489.0            305.1            183.9            60%
Cost of Sales                                             (302.2)           (257.3)          (44.9)            17%

Gross Profit                                               186.8             47.8            139.0            291%

Net Profit / (loss) after tax                               157.1            (19.4)          176.5            910%



                                                                                                         Movement
                                                       30 June 21      30 June 20
                                                             $m               $m               $m                    %

Cash and short- term deposits                              680.8             101.7           579.1           569%

Net Assets                                               1,083.4            518.4           565.0             109%

Market Capitalisation                                     5,145.2          1,262.1         3,883.1           308%




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                           13
Directors’ Report




Lynas raised $425m from equity holders (less $11m equity raising costs) in September 2020. The funds raised will
be used for the Lynas 2025 foundation projects, primarily the construction of the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing
plant and associated upgrades at the Lynas Malaysia plant.

Broader recognition of Rare Earth growth prospects, Lynas’ unique market position, and improved business
performance underpinned a significant uplift in market capitalisation during the year.


Mt Weld
As part of the Lynas 2025 growth vision, Lynas Rare Earths is focused on developing the Mt Weld resource to meet
forecast demand growth.

As announced on 26 November 2020, two new exploration drill holes were successfully established to a depth of
100 metres and 106 metres respectively below the current Mt Weld pit floor. Both holes were extended for explora-
tion purposes below the current Life of Mine pit design depth and significant and continuous intersections of Rare
Earth minerals were encountered, including Light Rare Earth elements and Heavy Rare Earth elements.

Subsequent to 30 June 2021, Lynas announced the successful completion of 1020m deep core drilling into fresh
carbonatite below the current Rare Earth Mining open pit mine on 2 August 2021. The exploration drilling program
was completed ahead of schedule in June 2021 and was designed to expand the ore body knowledge of Mt Weld by
understanding the primary Rare Earth Elements mineralisation and the geology and structure of the carbonatite
host rock. Further detailed analytical work including metallurgical test work will be conducted on the drillhole
samples and follow-up geological work will be conducted. First pass geochemical assay results, microscopic
petrology and mineralogical study reports are expected by November 2021 and the drilling report is expected
to be completed in December 2021.

Mining at Mt Weld has been conducted on a campaign basis due to the high REO ore grades and relatively low
tonnages treated through the on-site concentration plant. No mining campaigns were undertaken in FY2021,
preparation for the next mining campaign commenced in late FY2021.

Commissioning of the second Stack Cell also commenced in late June. This follows the very successful implementa-
tion of the Pre-Rougher Stack Cell in 2019. The Stack flotation cells are high intensity flotation cells that incorporate
froth washing which removes fine impurities that are entrained in the froth stream. Both Stack Cells produce
final concentrate grade and provide a capital efficient upgrade path. A second concentrate dryer has been lifted
into place and installed. The new dryer is significantly larger than the initial smaller trial dryer and will be capable
of drying all the concentrate produced. It is expected to be in operation in early FY22. The concentrate dryer will
improve the physical quality of the RE concentrate produced at Mt Weld which will contribute to improved perfor-
mance at our Malaysian plant.


Lynas Malaysia
Malaysia has faced extensive challenges as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic with vigorous 2nd and 3rd waves of
infections. The Malaysian government has implemented significant controls on the movement of the population
and limitations on staff numbers allowed to attend workplaces. Lynas has complied with all government SOPs and
implemented further controls to protect the health and safety of our people, including extensive testing of our
workforce and contractors prior to admission to site. To date we have had no workplace transmission of COVID-19.
A small number of staff have acquired infections outside of the workplace. This has led to certain of our team
members being required to isolate at times throughout the year.

Despite these significant challenges Malaysian operations continued at approximately 75% of Lynas NEXT rates,
sufficient to meet the needs of our key customers. In addition, we increased our contributions to our local commu-
nities to mitigate the economic and health effects of the pandemic.

During the year the Malaysian team conducted a thorough plant audit and is now implementing a comprehensive
preventative maintenance programme. The plant has performed well throughout the year and the additional work
will ensure it is well placed to uprate production as the effects of the pandemic abate.

We have continued to work diligently on the development of the PDF required as a condition of our Malaysian
operating licence. The regulator has extended the deadline for satisfaction of the licence condition related to the
commencement of construction of the Permanent Disposal Facility (PDF) for WLP residue to 2 March 2022.


Kalgoorlie
The new Rare Earths Processing Facility in Kalgoorlie is a foundation project of the Lynas 2025 growth vision.




14                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
There was continued progress on the Facility during the year, including:
   • EPA (Environmental Protection Authority of Western Australia) level of assessment for the project set as
      “Assessment on Referral Information with additional Information”, additional information submitted to the
      EPA and the updated Environmental Review Document (ERD) completed. The EPA commenced the four-
      week public review of the ERD on 9 June 2021 and a Community Pop-up Information Point was established
      in Kalgoorlie during the month of June to enable community members to visit the shopfront and discuss
      plans for the project with Lynas team members.
   • Minor and preliminary site works approved by the EPA commenced in March 2021. An access road, site office
      and a pad suitable for the delivery of equipment such as a number of steel tanks that were fabricated in
      Perth have been established.
   • Employed the first Kalgoorlie-based members of the Lynas team.
   • Procurement of key process equipment is well progressed with placement of orders for all long lead time
      items and 60% of total equipment requirements.
   • Manufacture of ordered equipment continues. Fabrication of the five kiln shell sections is close to
      completion.


Lynas USA
In keeping with the Lynas 2025 growth vision to have upstream processing close to our resource and downstream
processing close to our customers, Lynas is currently in the planning phase for our proposed U.S. Rare Earths
Separation Facility.

Lynas has now received 2 separate funding grants from the United States Government:
   1. Contract signed for Phase 1 work (detailed market and strategy study plus detailed planning and design
      work) for the construction of a Heavy Rare Earths (HRE) separation facility in the United States (announced
      27 July 2020).
   2. Contract signed with the United States Government to build a commercial Light Rare Earths separation
      plant in the United States (announced 22 January 2021) with Department of Defense funding to be capped
      at approximately US$30 million with Lynas contributing a matching amount.

In the June quarter, detailed engineering and design work for the Heavy Rare Earths (HRE) facility was submitted to
the U.S. Government in line with U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) Phase 1 milestones. The DoD is now conducting
a merit evaluation of the submission.


Malawi deposit
Since fiscal year 2012, no further capital investment has been made on the Kangankunde Rare Earths resource
development in Malawi and the project remains on hold while the Malawi deposit remains the subject of an
ongoing title dispute. As announced on 22 January 2019, the Malawi government has purported to cancel the
Group’s Malawi mining lease and the Group has initiated judicial review proceedings in the Malawi courts chal-
lenging that decision.


Health, safety and environment
Lynas is committed to ensuring the Group’s operations in Australia and Malaysia are consistent with national and
international safety and sustainability best practice. Lynas has established extensive processes to ensure that our
operations are safe for employees, safe for the environment and community, and secure for our customers.

The 12-month rolling lost time injury frequency rate as at 30 June 2021 was 0.8 per million hours worked (June 2020:
0.8 per million hours worked). In addition, the 12-month total recordable injury frequency rate at 30 June 2021 was
2.1 per million hours worked (June 2020: 3.5 per million hours worked).

Since October 2020, Malaysia has experienced a significant third wave of COVID-19 infections. We have reinforced
and strengthened our well-established health and hygiene protocols in both Malaysia and Western Australia to
protect the health and wellbeing of our people and communities. This includes communication and education,
disclosure and reporting, testing, physical distancing, hygiene and precautionary isolation procedures.

Lynas cares for the communities in which we operate and we have increased our contributions to our local commu-
nities in Malaysia who have been affected by recent flood and storm events on the east coast of Malaysia in addition
to the COVID-19 pandemic.



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                        15
Directors’ Report




The annual ISO audits were successfully completed for Lynas Malaysia and Mt Weld during the year for recertifi-
cation of ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management) and ISO 14001:2015 (Environmental Management) as well as for ISO
45011:2018 which was a migration from OHSAS 18001:2007 (Occupational Health and Safety Management) stand-
ards. Both Lynas sites have been certified since 2012.

In FY21 a review of Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions target frameworks was undertaken. Lynas will confirm its
commitment to the Science-Based Targets initiative and release our Greenhouse Gas Policy in FY2022.

In line with our commitment to international environmental best practice, detailed environmental monitoring
since the start of Lynas Malaysia’s operations in Kuantan in 2012 has consistently demonstrated that Lynas Malaysia
is compliant with regulatory requirements and international standards. Information concerning the Company’s
environmental monitoring programs, including monitoring data, is available at www.LynasRareEarths.com.



FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
Sales volume, revenue and costs

                                                                                                                FY21
Sales by tonnage and value                                   FY21        FY20         FY19          FY18    % change

Sales volume                              (REOt)           16,405        14,172       19,154       17,672        16%
Cash receipts from customers              (A$m)             465.4         321.8       367.5         383.1       45%

Sales revenue                             (A$m)             489.0         305.1       363.5         374.1       60%
Average selling price                     (A$/kg)            29.8          21.5         19.0         21.6        39%

Cost of sales                             (A$m)             (302.2)      (257.3)      (273.1)     (253.0)        17%


The demand for Lynas products, in particular for our NdPr product family, continued to grow through the year. This
led to record sales and cash collection in the final quarter of FY21. Despite the global shortage of semi-conductors
which affects all industries and in particular, the automotive industry, the NdFeB market is experiencing very strong
growth, supporting the demand for NdPr and the HRE produced by Lynas. At the same time, the demand for
catalyst from the automotive and the FCC sectors is back to its pre-COVID levels.

Market prices
The average China domestic price of NdPr (VAT excluded) increased from US$36.0/kg in June 2020 to US$64.7/kg in
June 2021. Future market price trends continue to depend on end product demand (in particular in the automotive
industry).

Lynas has developed an excellent reputation as a reliable supplier of quality products. Lynas has focused on
developing strong customer relationships with strategic customers, primarily outside China. Lynas is the leading
supplier of the NdPr family of products to the Japanese market. Demand from our key customers has consistently
increased over the past few years, with accelerated growth in the last 12 months.


Costs and production volumes

                                                                                                                FY21
Costs by tonnage and value                                   FY21        FY20         FY19          FY18    % change

Ready for sale production volume total    (REOt)            15,761      14,562       19,737        17,753         8%
Ready for sale production volume NdPr     (REOt)             5,461       4,656        5,898        5,444         17%


Total production volumes have increased despite the ongoing challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic in Malaysia.
The EMCO (Enhanced Malaysian Control-Order) enforced by the Malaysian Government for the 3rd wave of
COVID-19 required staff on site to be limited to 40% of our total workforce. Despite this, and water supply disruptions




16                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
to the Gebeng industrial estate in the June quarter, the team successfully maintained production at just over 75% of
Lynas NEXT production capacity. This provided stable supply to our key customers.


Cash and cash flows
                                                                                                 FY21             FY20
                                                                                                 A$m              A$m

Net operating cash inflows                                                                      215.0              32.1
Net investing cash outflows                                                                    (138.3)            (21.8)
Net financing cash outflows                                                                    405.6               2.0

Net cash flows                                                                                 482.4              12.3

Impact of foreign exchange                                                                       (3.3)            (0.3)

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      580.8              101.7

Short term deposits                                                                            100.0                 –


The equity raising completed in September 2020 resulted in net proceeds of $413.9m (approximately $425m less
equity raising costs). In addition, operating cash flows increased significantly from FY20. Net investing cash outflows
included the initial payments for property plant and equipment in relation to the Lynas 2025 Kalgoorlie poject as
well as $100.0m of cash transferred into short term deposits.

At 30 June 2021, in addition to the $580.8m in cash and cash equivalents, $100.0m was held in short term deposits.


Debt and capital
                                                                                                 FY21             FY20
                                                                                                 A$m              A$m

JARE loan                                                                                        171.1            181.2
Convertible bonds                                                                                   –             18.8

Total borrowings                                                                                 171.1          200.0

Financial income                                                                                  2.9              2.7
Financial expenses                                                                              (13.4)            (15.6)


On 3 August 2020, bondholders converted the remaining US$12.2m (A$16.4m) convertible bonds which resulted
in an additional 16.2m shares being issued. As a result of these conversions, the remaining liability in respect to the
convertible bonds has been fully extinguished.

No principal repayments were made on the JARE facility. The balance increased due to the unwinding of the
discounting of the future cash outflows. The financial expenses have decreased by 14% as a result of lower interest
expense based on lower $A equivalent principal balances for both the JARE facility and the convertible bonds
throughout the year.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                             17
Directors’ Report




During the year ended 30 June 2021, the Company issued shares as shown below:


                                                                                                               Number
                                                                                                                  ‘000

Shares on issue 30 June 2020                                                                                  699,209
Issue of shares pursuant to conversion of convertible bonds                                                     16,203
Issue of shares pursuant to exercised performance rights                                                             744
Issue of shares pursuant to equity raise                                                                      184,923

Shares on issue 30 June 2021                                                                                  901,079



Performance rights
At 30 June 2021, the Company had the following options and performance rights on issue:


                                                                                                               Number
                                                                                                                  ‘000

Performance rights                                                                                              4,678



Earnings / (loss) per share

                                                                                                 FY21              FY20
                                                                                               Cents              Cents
For the year ended 30 June                                                                  per share          per share

Basic earnings / (loss) per share                                                               18.08            (2.79)
Diluted earnings / (loss) per share                                                             17.99            (2.79)



Dividends
There were no dividends declared or paid during the year ended 30 June 2021 (2020: nil) and no dividends have
been declared or paid since 30 June 2021.


Risk management
The Group takes a proactive approach to risk management. The Directors are responsible for ensuring that risks and
opportunities are identified on a timely basis and that the Group’s objectives and activities are aligned with these
risks and opportunities.

The Group believes it is crucial for Directors to be a part of this process, and has established an Audit and Risk
Management Committee and a Health, Safety and Environment Committee.

Lynas Rare Earths has a Risk Management Policy and a Risk Management Framework for oversight and manage-
ment of material business risks.




18                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
FACTORS AND BUSINESS RISKS THAT AFFECT FUTURE
PERFORMANCE
Lynas operates in a changing environment and is therefore subject to factors and business risks that will affect
future performance. Lynas has a Risk Management Policy and a Risk Management Framework for oversight and
management of material business risks.

We identify risks, then evaluate the inherent risk of an activity and the mitigation required. Risk assessments are
updated by operations and management and reported to the Board of Directors.

In FY2021, the Lynas Board commissioned an external risk assurance mapping exercise aligned to the Board’s risk
appetite to support decision making relating to resource and capital allocation.

Set out below are the principal risks and uncertainties that could have a material effect on Lynas’ future results, both
operationally and financially. It is not possible to determine the likelihood of these risks occurring with any certainty.
In the event that one or more of these risks materialise, Lynas’ reputation, strategy, business, operations, financial
condition and future performance could be materially and adversely affected. There may also be other risks that are
currently unknown or are deemed immaterial, but which may subsequently become known and/or material. These
may individually or in aggregate adversely affect Lynas.


1.        Impact of COVID-19 and general economic conditions
In light of recent global macroeconomic events, including the impact of COVID-19, it is likely that some of the coun-
tries in which Lynas operates will experience an economic recession or downturn of uncertain severity and duration.
These economic disruptions could have a material adverse effect on Lynas’ operating and financial position and
performance and could affect the price of Lynas shares.

Additionally, the events relating to COVID-19 have resulted in significant market changes and volatility of supply
and demand. The outbreak and its impacts are rapidly evolving and outcomes are uncertain and dependent upon
many factors beyond Lynas’ control.

Many of the risks highlighted in further detail below may be heightened due to the impacts of the COVID-19
pandemic. There continues to be considerable uncertainty as to the further short- and long-term impact of
COVID-19 including in relation to governmental responses, international trade impacts, potential taxation changes,
work stoppages, lockdowns, quarantines, travel restrictions and the impact on the global economy and share
markets.

The potential effects of these possible outcomes on Lynas include:
     • closure of and/or reduced capacity at Lynas’ plants and facilities;
     • delays or interruption in supply chains leading to an inability to obtain raw materials, finished products or
       components, or to distribute products to customers;
     • health outcomes for Lynas’ employees or its customers’ employees, which could result in the closure of a
       plant or facility for a period and could adversely affect the availability of technically equipped and qualified
       personnel needed to conduct certain operations;
     • a reduction in processing of downstream products and production of end-products that utilize Lynas’ Rare
       Earths or other industrial activity, leading to a decrease in demand for Lynas’ Rare Earths;
     • counterparty non-performance or claims under existing contractual arrangements;
     • insolvency of counterparties (including customers);
     • delays of projects with large associated capital spend, deferral of discretionary capital spend and impact on
       valuation of assets;
     • disruptions to international trade resulting from policies developed by governments in response to COVID-19
       or as a result of disputes or disagreements amongst governments on matters relating directly or indirectly to
       COVID-19.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                            19
Directors’ Report




2         Operational risks
2.1       Rare earth prices
Lynas’ revenue is affected by market fluctuations in Rare Earth prices. This is because the product prices used in the
majority of Lynas’ sales are calculated by pricing formulae that reference published pricing for various Rare Earths
materials. The market price has been volatile in the past because it is influenced by numerous factors and events
that are beyond the control of Lynas. These include:
     • Supply side factors: Supply side factors are a significant influence on price volatility for Rare Earth materials.
       Supply of Rare Earth materials is dominated by Chinese producers. The China Central Government regulates
       production via quotas and environmental standards. Over the past few years, there has been significant
       restructuring of the Chinese market in line with China Central government policy. However, periods of
       restricted supply, over supply or speculative trading of Rare Earths can lead to significant fluctuations in Rare
       Earth pricing.
     • Demand side factors: Demand side factors are also a significant influence on price volatility for Rare Earth
       materials. Demand for end-products that utilise Lynas’ Rare Earths including internal combustion vehicles,
       hybrid vehicles, electric vehicles and electronic devices fluctuates due to factors including global economic
       trends, regulatory developments and consumer trends.
     • Geopolitical factors: Recently Rare Earths have been the focus of significant attention, including as a result
       of supply chain issues highlighted by the COVID-19 pandemic.

The table below illustrates how China domestic prices of NdPr (excluding VAT) have moved over FY21:


                               September 2020           December 2020                March 2021                June 2021
                                      Quarter                 Quarter                  Quarter                   Quarter

US$/kg                                     40.8                    48.7                     68.2                     69.9


Lynas’ approach to reducing pricing volatility for its customers includes:
     • Promoting fixed pricing to some customers, set for periods relevant to customer operations;
     • Developing long term contracts that aim to reduce price variations for end users and OEMs such as car
       makers and wind turbine manufacturers.

Lynas achieved a small price premium compared to the NdPr market price, supported by:
     • Sustained demand from the Japanese market and selected customers in China;
     • The recognition by the market that Lynas is now well established as the only supplier of scale of separated
       Rare Earths outside China;
     • End users placing more importance on being able to trace the origin of rare earths from an ethical and
       environmentally responsible source of production to their end products, which Lynas can fulfil.

Strong Rare Earth prices, as well as real or perceived disruptions in supply, may create economic incentives to
identify or create alternate technologies that ultimately could depress future long-term demand for Rare Earths.
This may, at the same time, incentivise the development of additional mining properties to produce Rare Earths.
If industries reduce their reliance on Rare Earth products, the resulting change in demand could have a material
adverse effect on Lynas’ business. In particular, if prices or demand for Rare Earths were to decline, this could impair
Lynas’ ability to obtain financing for current or additional projects and its ability to find purchasers for its products at
prices acceptable to Lynas.

It is impossible to predict future Rare Earths price movements with certainty. Any sustained low Rare Earths prices
or further declines in the price of Rare Earths, including as a result of periods of over-supply and/or speculative
trading of Rare Earths, will adversely affect Lynas’ business, results of operations and its ability to finance planned
capital expenditures, including development projects.

2.2       Market competition
Lynas Rare Earths supply contracts and profits may be adversely affected by the introduction of new mining and
separation facilities and any increase in competition in the global Rare Earths market, either of which could increase
the global supply of Rare Earths. If this is at a rate faster than demand growth it could potentially lead to lower prices.




20                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
2.3      Exchange rates
Lynas is exposed to fluctuations in the US dollar as all sales are denominated in US dollars. Lynas borrows money
and holds a portion of cash in US dollars, which provides Lynas with a partial natural hedge. Accordingly, Lynas’
income from customers, and the value of its business, will be affected by fluctuations in the rate by which the US
dollar is exchanged with the Chinese Renminbi and the Australian dollar.

Lynas is exposed to fluctuations in the Malaysian ringgit (MYR), which is the currency that dominates Lynas’ cash
operating outflows in Malaysia. In addition, most of Lynas’ non-current assets are Lynas Malaysia assets which are
denominated in MYR.

Adverse movements in the Australian dollar against the US dollar and the MYR may have an adverse impact on
Lynas’ financial position and operating results. The following table shows the average USD/AUD and MYR/AUD
exchange rates over the past five years:


                           30 June 2021          30 June 2020    30 June 2019         30 June 2018        30 June 2017
                                      $                     $               $                    $                   $

USD/AUD                          0.7468                0.6714           0.7156              0.7391              0.7545
MYR/AUD                          3.0806                2.8233           2.9521              2.9837               3.2331


In-China market prices for Rare Earths are denominated in the Chinese Renminbi. A devaluation in the Chinese
Renminbi would increase attractiveness in Chinese exports and China’s internal supply. Fluctuation in the Chinese
Renminbi against the US Dollar therefore also increases the foreign exchange exposure on Lynas.

2.4      Operational and development risks
Lynas’ operations and development activities could be affected by various unforeseen events and circumstances,
such as hazards in exploration, the ability of third parties to meet their commitments in accordance with
contractual arrangements, and the delivery and grades of ore and performance of processing facilities at design
specification. Factors such as these may result in increased costs, lower production levels and, following on from
that, lower revenue levels. Any negative outcomes flowing from these operational risks could have an adverse effect
on Lynas’ business, financial condition, profitability and performance.

2.5      Nature of mining
Mineral mining involves risks, which even with a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may
not be able to be fully mitigated. Mining operations are subject to hazards normally encountered in exploration and
mining. These include unexpected geological formations, rock falls, flooding, dam wall failure and other incidents
or conditions which could result in damage to plant or equipment, which may cause a material adverse impact on
Lynas’ operations and its financial results. Projects may not proceed to plan with potential for delay in the timing of
targeted output, and Lynas may not achieve the level of targeted mining output. Mining output levels may also be
affected by factors beyond Lynas’ control.

2.6      Mineral and ore reserves
No assurance can be given that the anticipated tonnages and grades of ore will be achieved during production or
that the anticipated level of recovery will be realised. Mineral resource and ore reserve estimates are based upon
estimates made by Lynas personnel and independent consultants. Estimates are inherently uncertain and are
based on geological interpretations and inferences drawn from drilling results and sampling analyses. There is no
certainty that any mineral resources or ore reserves identified by Lynas will be realised, that any anticipated level
of recovery of minerals will be realised, or that an identified ore reserve or mineral resource will be a commercially
mineable (or viable) deposit which can be legally and economically exploited.

Further, the grade of mineralisation which may ultimately be mined may differ materially from what is predicted.
The quantity and resulting valuation of ore reserves and mineral resources may also vary depending on, amongst
others, metal prices, cut-off grades and estimates of future operating costs (which may be inaccurate). Production
can be affected by many factors. Any material change in the quantity of ore resources, mineral reserves, grade, or
stripping ratio may affect the economic viability of any project undertaken by Lynas.

Lynas’ estimated mineral resources and ore reserves should not be interpreted as assurances of commercial
viability or potential or of the profitability of any future operations. Investors should be cautioned not to place undue



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                            21
Directors’ Report




reliance on any estimates made by Lynas. Lynas cannot be certain that its mineral resource and ore reserve esti-
mates are accurate and cannot guarantee that it will recover the expected quantities of metals. Future production
could differ dramatically from such estimates for the following reasons:
     • actual mineralisation or Rare Earth grade could be different from those predicted by drilling, sampling,
         feasibility or technical reports;
     •   increases in the capital or operating costs of the mine;
     •   decreases in Rare Earth oxide prices;
     •   changes in the life-of-mine plan;
     •   the grade of Rare Earths may vary over the life of a Lynas project and Lynas cannot give any assurances that
         any particular mineral reserve estimate will ultimately be recovered; or
     • metallurgical performance could differ from forecast.
The occurrence of any of these events may cause Lynas to adjust its mineral resource and reserve estimates or
change its mining plans. This could negatively affect Lynas’ financial condition and results of operations. Moreover,
short-term factors, such as the need for additional development of any Lynas project or the processing of new or
different grades, may adversely affect Lynas.

Lynas reports its mineral resources and ore reserves in accordance with the Australian Code for Reporting of
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (“JORC Code”).

2.7         Processing operations
Lynas’ operations are subject to the operating risks associated with Rare Earth processing, including performance of
processing facilities, and the related risks associated with storage and transportation of raw materials, products and
residues. These operating risks have the potential to cause personal injury, property damage and environmental
contamination, and may result in the shutdown of affected facilities and in business interruption and the imposition
of civil or criminal penalties, and negatively impact the reputation of Lynas.

The hazards associated with Lynas’ mining and processing operations and the related storage and transportation of
products and residues include:
     •   pipeline and storage tank leaks and ruptures;
     •   explosions and fires;
     •   mechanical failures; and
     •   chemical spills and other discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases.

These hazards may cause personal injury and loss of life, damage to property and contamination of the environ-
ment, which may result in suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, including
fines, expenses for remediation and claims brought by governmental entities or third parties. Although Lynas has
detailed and closely managed plans to mitigate these risks and maintains property, business interruption and
casualty insurance of types and in the amounts that it believes is customary for the chemicals industry, Lynas is not
fully insured against all potential hazards incidental to its businesses.

2.8         Availability of key inputs, Including water
The Mt Weld Concentration Plant and the Lynas Malaysia Plant rely on the ready availability of key inputs, including
chemical reagents, water, electricity and gas. Any inability of Lynas to obtain such inputs in sufficient quantities on
a timely basis could materially adversely affect Lynas’ operations. For example, the insolvency of key suppliers may
adversely affect the availability of chemical reagents. In addition, the water supply to the Mt Weld Concentration
Plant is primarily sourced from a local aquifer supplemented by recycling, and the water supply to the Lynas
Malaysia plant is primarily sourced from the local Kuantan water supply infrastructure, supplemented by recycling.
Reductions in water availability from those sources, for example due to changes in weather patterns or failures of
infrastructure, could materially adversely affect the availability of water to the Lynas operations.

2.9         Supply chain and counterparty risk
Lynas is dependent on contractors and suppliers to supply vital goods and services to its operations, including for
the supply of chemicals and other materials. Lynas is therefore exposed to the possibility of adverse developments
in the business environments of its contractors and suppliers, including in respect of the ability of those contractors
and suppliers to meet their commitments under sales contracts. Any disruption to services or supplies may have an
adverse effect on Lynas’ financial business and financial condition.



22                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
2.10     Reliance on key personnel
Lynas’ execution capacity is substantially attributable to the role played by a group of its senior management and
key employees. Lynas’ future success depends significantly on the full involvement of these key executives and
employees and its ability to continue to retain and recruit high-level personnel. The loss of key employees could
significantly affect Lynas’ operations.

In addition, industrial and labour disputes, work stoppages and accidents, and logistical and engineering difficulties
may also have an adverse effect on Lynas’ profitability and share price.

2.11     Customer risks
Lynas’ revenue is dependent on continuing sales to its key customers, many of whom require delivery to specific
timetables of products that comply with detailed specifications. The loss of key customers could significantly affect
Lynas’ business, for example due to disputes with customers, customers switching to other suppliers or technolo-
gies, or customer businesses being adversely affected by events outside the control of Lynas, including customer
insolvency or declining markets for the end-products of customers.

2.12     Industry Trends, including changes in technology
Changes in technology, including switches to renewable energy sources, present both opportunities and risks to
the Lynas business. As technologies and consumer trends continue to evolve, new competing technologies may
emerge that may reduce demand for Lynas Rare Earth products. Any significant trends away from technologies
that utilize Lynas Rare Earths products could materially adversely affect the Lynas business.

2.13     Project development risks
Lynas is undertaking significant and complex construction projects, primarily related to the new Lynas Rare
Earth facility in Kalgoorlie. Construction projects are subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside the
control of Lynas, including project delays and cost overruns, disputes with contractors, insolvency of contractors,
problems with design, delays in commissioning or ramp-up and new facilities not performing in accordance with
expectations.


3.       Regulatory, legal and environmental risks
3.1      General regulatory risks
Lynas’ business is subject, in each of the countries in which Lynas operates, to various national and local laws and
regulations relating to the mining, production, marketing, pricing, transportation and storage of Lynas’ products
and residues. A change in the legislative and administrative regimes, taxation laws, interest rates, and other legal
and government policies may have an adverse effect on the assets, operations and ultimately the financial perfor-
mance of Lynas and the market price of Lynas shares. Other changes in the regulatory environment (including
applicable accounting standards) may have a material adverse effect on the carrying value of material assets or
otherwise have a material adverse effect on Lynas’ business and financial condition.

3.2      Licences, permits, approvals, consents and authorisations
Lynas’ mining and production activities are dependent on the granting and maintenance of appropriate licences,
permits, approvals, and regulatory consents and authorisations (including those related to interests in mining tene-
ments and those related to the operation of the Lynas plants in Australia and Malaysia), which may not be granted
or may be withdrawn or be made subject to limitations at the discretion of government or regulatory authorities.
Although such licences, permits, approvals and regulatory consents and authorisations may be granted, continued
or renewed (as the case may be), there can be no assurance that such licences, permits, approvals and regulatory
consents and authorisations will be granted, continued or renewed as a matter of course, or as to the terms of
renewals or grants, including that new conditions, or new interpretations of existing conditions, will not be imposed
in connection therewith. Whether such licences, permits, approvals and regulatory consents and authorisations
may be granted, continued or renewed (as the case may be) often depends on Lynas being successful in obtaining
the required statutory approvals for proposed activities. If there is a failure to obtain or retain the appropriate
licences, permits, approvals and regulatory consents and authorisations, or if there is a material delay in obtaining
or renewing them or they are granted subject to onerous conditions or withdrawn, then Lynas’ ability to conduct its
mining and production activities may be adversely affected.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                         23
Directors’ Report




3.3       Political risks and government actions
Lynas’ operations could be affected by government actions in Australia, Malaysia and other countries or jurisdictions
in which it has interests. Lynas is subject to the risk that it may not be able to carry out its operations as it intends,
including because of a change in government, legislation, guidelines, regulation or policy, including in relation to
the environment, the Rare Earths sector, competition policy, native title and cultural heritage. Such changes could
affect land access, the granting of licences and other tenements, the approval of developments and freedom to
conduct operations.

The possible extent of introduction of additional legislation, regulations, guidelines or amendments to existing
legislation that might affect Lynas’ business is difficult to predict. Any such government action may require
increased capital or operating expenditures and could prevent or delay certain operations by Lynas, which could
have a material adverse effect on Lynas’ business and financial condition.

Lynas also may not be able to ensure the security of its assets located outside Australia, and is subject to risks of,
among other things, loss of revenue, property and equipment as a result of hazards such as expropriation, war,
insurrection and acts of terrorism and other political risks and increases in taxes and government royalties. The
effects of these factors are difficult to predict and any combination of one or other of the above may have a material
adverse effect on Lynas’ business and financial position.

3.4       Malaysian regulatory matters
Without limiting the generality of the risks specified above in this section, as announced on 27 February 2020, the
Malaysian Atomic Energy Licensing Board (AELB) has renewed the current operating licence for the Lynas Malaysia
plant for three years expiring March 2023, subject to the following key conditions:
     • Lynas to begin the process of developing the Permanent Disposal Facility (PDF) within the first year from
       the date of approval of the licence. As per the announcement on 23 August 2021, this timeline has been
       extended to March 2022.
     • Lynas must submit a work development plan for the construction of the PDF and report on its development
       status as determined by the AELB.
     • Lynas must ensure that the Cracking and Leaching plant outside Malaysia is in operation before July 2023.
       After that period, Lynas will no longer be allowed to import raw materials containing Naturally Occurring
       Radioactive Material (NORM) into Malaysia.
     • Holding of the financial deposit will be maintained for compliance with the relevant licence conditions.
To the extent that Lynas does not, or is unable to, comply with relevant licence conditions including the key condi-
tions specified above, and/or comply with licence conditions within the timeframes prescribed, then Lynas’ licences
and approvals may be revoked. Government action, including legal action, may be also taken by or at the direction
of the Malaysian government in order to ensure that the terms and conditions of Lynas’ licences and approvals are
complied with to levels satisfactory to, and within the timeframes prescribed by, the Malaysian government.

3.5       Environmental risks
Lynas’ activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations controlling not only the mining of, exploration for
and processing of Rare Earths, but also the possible effects of such activities upon the environment and interests
of local communities. In the context of obtaining environmental permits, including the approval of reclamation
plans, Lynas must comply with known standards, existing laws and regulations which may entail greater or lesser
costs and delays depending on the nature of the activity to be permitted and how stringently the regulations are
implemented by the permitting authority. With increasingly heightened government and public sensitivity to
environmental sustainability, environmental regulation is becoming more stringent, and Lynas could be subject
to increasing environmental responsibility and liability, including laws and regulations dealing with air quality,
water and noise pollution and other discharges of materials into the environment, plant and wildlife protection,
the reclamation and restoration of certain of its properties, greenhouse gas emissions, the storage, treatment and
disposal of residues and the effects of its business on the water table and groundwater quality.

Sanctions for non-compliance with these laws and regulations may include administrative, civil and criminal penal-
ties, revocation of permits and corrective action orders. These laws sometimes apply retroactively. In addition, a
party can be liable for environmental damage without regard to that party’s negligence or fault. Given the sensitive
nature of this area, Lynas may be exposed to litigation and foreseen and unforeseen compliance and rehabilitation
costs despite its best efforts.




24                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
3.6      Climate change risks
In 2020, Lynas committed to continue to progress our disclosure against the recommendations of the Taskforce on
Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD). We will report against the TCFD framework in the 2021 ESG Report to
be released in October 2021.

In FY21 a review of Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions target frameworks was undertaken and Lynas expects to
confirm its commitment to the Science-Based Targets initiative and release a Greenhouse Gas Policy in FY2022.

Climate change and the rapidly evolving response to it may lead to a number of risks, including but not limited to:
   • Increased political, policy and legal risks (e.g. the introduction of regulatory changes aimed at reducing the
       impact of, or addressing climate change, including reducing or limiting carbon emissions);
   • Increased capital and operational costs, including increased costs of inputs and raw materials; and
   • Technological change and reputational risks associated with Lynas’ conduct.
Climate change may also result in more extreme weather events and physical impacts on Lynas due to the energy
intensive nature of Lynas’ operations, and Lynas’ current reliance on fossil fuels for mining and processing activities.
To mitigate this risk, and meet customer demand for sustainable production, Lynas is committed to transitioning to
a hybrid energy solution for our Mt Weld mine and concentration plant, including renewable energy.

3.7      Disposal of residues
At the Mt Weld Mine and Concentration Plant, the Lynas Malaysia Plant, and the new Lynas Kalgoorlie Rare Earths
Processing Plant, Lynas operations generate/will generate residue materials in the form of solids, liquids and gases.
Lynas has appropriate plans in place for the treatment, sale or disposal each of those residues. Failure to implement
those plans could have a material effect on Lynas’ licensing conditions and may adversely affect its operations.

3.8      Community acceptance and reputation
Lynas recognises that a strong mutual relationship with each community in which it operates is a pre-condition to
successful operations. Failure to maintain those relationships and the acceptance by those communities may have
an adverse effect on Lynas’ operations.

In addition, Lynas recognises the importance of maintaining its reputation with its stakeholders including share-
holders, regulatory authorities, communities, customers and suppliers. Failure to maintain its reputation with some
or all stakeholders may have a negative effect on the future performance of Lynas.

3.9      Legal action
As announced on 29 July 2021, the judicial review application lodged in Malaysia challenging the processes followed
during the August 2019 renewal of the Lynas Malaysia operating licence was dismissed with a costs order made in
favour of Lynas. As announced on 23 August 2021, a notice of appeal has been lodged challenging the dismissal of
the judicial review application.

It is possible that in the future, Lynas could be exposed to other litigation or proceedings, either from shareholders,
financiers, regulators or members of the communities in which Lynas operates.

3.10     Health and safety
Lynas is subject to extensive laws and regulation in respect of the health and safety of its people and communities,
and the protection and rehabilitation of the environments within which it operates. Lynas must comply with known
standards, existing laws and regulations which may entail greater or lesser costs and delays depending on the
nature of the activity to be permitted and the implementation of the regulations by the permitting authority.

3.11     Tax risks
Lynas is subject to taxation and other imposts in Australia, Malaysia and other countries or jurisdictions in which it
has interests. In addition to the normal level of income tax imposed on all industries, companies in the resources
sector are required to pay government royalties, direct and indirect taxes and other imposts. The profitability of
companies in these industries can be affected by changes in government taxation and royalty policies or in the
interpretation or application of such policies. Further, changes in tax law, or changes in the way tax law is expected
to be interpreted, in the various jurisdictions in which Lynas operates, may affect the tax liabilities of Lynas.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                        25
Directors’ Report




4.      Financial risks
4.1     Debt facilities and covenants
Lynas has financing arrangements in place which are subject to acceleration and enforcement rights in the event
of a default. To date, the Japan Australia Rare Earths B.V. (JARE) loan facility has been secured over all the assets of
Lynas, other than Malaysia and Malawi assets.

Enforcement may involve enforcement of security over the assets of Lynas and its material subsidiaries, including
appointing a receiver. The principal amount of the JARE facility was US$145m as at 30 June 2021. The principal
amount will be due for repayment in fixed loan repayments between 31 December 2021 and 30 June 2030.

In the event significant uncertainty arises in relation to Lynas’ ability to fully repay, refinance or reschedule the
outstanding balances of the JARE loan facility by the maturity date of 30 June 2030, Lynas’ ability to continue as a
going concern may also be affected.

In addition, Lynas’ existing debt facilities are subject to a range of covenants. A failure to comply with any of these
debt covenants may require Lynas to seek amendments, waivers of covenant compliance or alternative borrowing
arrangements. There is no assurance that its lenders would consent to such an amendment or waiver in the event
of non-compliance, or that such consent would not be conditional upon the receipt of a cash payment, revised
payout terms, increased interest rates, or restrictions in the expansion of debt facilities in the foreseeable future, or
that its lenders would not exercise rights that would be available to them, including among other things, calling an
event of default and demanding immediate payment of outstanding borrowings. If such a demand was made and
appropriate forbearance or refinance arrangements could not be reached, Lynas may not have sufficient available
funds to meet that demand.

4.2     Funding risk
Lynas’ existing debt facility agreements restrict its ability to incur further debt except in certain circumstances.
Should Lynas experience a protracted decline in earnings, there is a possibility that the quantum of debt and/or
equity funding available to Lynas would not be sufficient to execute its strategy (including its development of large
scale projects) which could have a negative impact on the future financial performance or position of Lynas.


5.      General risks
5.1     General economic conditions
Lynas’ operating performance and financial performance is influenced by a variety of general economic and busi-
ness conditions including the level of inflation, interest rates, exchange rates and government fiscal, monetary and
regulatory policies. Prolonged deterioration in general economic conditions, including an increase in interest rates
or decrease in consumer and business demand, could be expected to have an adverse impact on Lynas’ business,
results of operations or financial condition and performance.

5.2     Accounting standards
Accounting standards may change. This may affect the reporting earnings of Lynas and its financial position from
time to time. Lynas has previously and will continue to assess and disclose, when known, the effect of adopting new
accounting standards in its periodic financial reporting.

5.3     Force majeure events
Events may occur within or outside Lynas’ key markets that could affect global economies and the operations
of Lynas. The events include, but are not limited, to acts of terrorism, an outbreak of international hostilities, fires,
floods, earthquakes, changes in weather patterns or other severe weather events, labour strikes, civil wars, natural
disasters, outbreaks of disease or other natural or man-made events or occurrences that can have an adverse effect
on market conditions, the demand for Lynas’ product offering and services and Lynas’ ability to conduct business.




26                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
BASIS OF REPORT
The report is based on the guidelines in The Group 100 Incorporated publication Guide to the Review of Operations
and Financial Condition.



ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is bound by the requirements and guidelines of the relevant environmental protection authorities
for the management and rehabilitation of mining tenements owned or previously owned by the Group. Mining
tenements are being maintained and rehabilitated following these guidelines. The Group is also bound by the
requirements of its operating licence in Malaysia. There have been no known breaches of any of these conditions.

We continue to focus on ensuring positive relationships with regulators and local communities, and compliance
with regulatory requirements in both jurisdictions in which we operate.



SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE STATE OF AFFAIRS
Except as disclosed in the review of operations, the factors and business risks that affect future performance and
the subsequent events, there have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group during the year
ended 30 June 2021.



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
The Corporate Governance Statement of the Group, current on the date that the Directors’ Report is signed in
accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to s.298 (2) of the Corporations Act 2001, is located on the
Group’s website, www.LynasRareEarths.com.



SHARES ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
During the financial year 743,643 Performance Rights were exercised as set out in Note E.7 to the Financial
Statements.



INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
During or since the end of the financial year, the Group has paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring all
Directors and Officers of the Group against liabilities incurred as a Director or Officer of the Group, to the extent
permitted by the Corporations Act 2001, that arise because of the following:
   (a)   a wilful breach of duty; or
   (b)   a contravention of sections 182 or 183 of the Corporations Act 2001, as permitted by section 199B of the
         Corporations Act 2001.

The insurance contract prohibits disclosure of the premiums payable under the contract. The premiums are
not included as part of the Directors’ remuneration in Section H of the Remuneration Report or Note E.7 to the
Financial Statements.



INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF AUDITOR
During or since the end of the financial year, the Group entered into an agreement with its auditors, Ernst & Young,
indemnifying them against any claims by third parties arising from their report on the Annual Financial Report,
except where the liability arises out of conduct involving a lack of good faith. No payment has been made to
indemnify Ernst & Young during or since the financial year.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                          27
Directors’ Report




NON-AUDIT SERVICES
During the year Ernst & Young, the Group’s auditor, has performed certain other services in addition to the audit
and review of the Financial Statements.

Details of amounts paid or payable to the auditor for non-audit services provided during the year are outlined
in Note E.3 to the Financial Statements. The Directors have considered the non-audit services provided during
the year by the auditor, and are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services by the auditor during the year is
compatible with, and did not compromise, the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001
for the following reasons:
     • All non-audit services were subject to the corporate governance procedures adopted by the Group and have
       been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure they do not impact the integrity and objectivity
       of the auditor; and
     • The non-audit services provided do not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence
       as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, as they did not involve reviewing or
       auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision making capacity for the Group, acting
       as an advocate for the Group or jointly sharing risks and rewards.



COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP
During the financial year, the Group had the following Committees of the Board of Directors: Audit & Risk
Committee, Health Safety & Environment Committee, and Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee.

Directors acting on the Committees of the Board during the year ended 30 June 2021
From 1 July 2020 to 30 September 2020, the structure of the Board committees was as follows:


                                          Health, Safety                          Nomination,
  Audit & Risk                            & Environment                           Remuneration & Community

  G. Murdoch(c)                           P. Etienne(c)                           K. Conlon(c)
  P. Etienne                              K. Conlon                               M. Harding
  J. Humphrey                             M. Harding                              J. Humphrey


Between 1 October 2020 and 24 February 2021, the structure of the Board committees has been as follows:


                                          Health, Safety                          Nomination,
  Audit & Risk                            & Environment                           Remuneration & Community

  G. Murdoch(c)                           P. Etienne(c)                           J. Humphrey(c)
  P. Etienne                              K. Conlon                               K. Conlon
  J. Humphrey                             V. Guthrie                              G. Murdoch


From 24 February 2021 to 30 June 2021, the structure of the Board committees has been as follows:


                                          Health, Safety                          Nomination,
  Audit & Risk                            & Environment                           Remuneration & Community

  G. Murdoch(c)                           P. Etienne(c)                           J. Humphrey(c)
  P. Etienne                              K. Conlon                               K. Conlon
  J. Humphrey                             V. Guthrie                              G. Murdoch
                                                                                  V. Guthrie


(c) Chair of Committee




28                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
As summarised in the Corporate Governance Statement, the Audit & Risk Committee consists of independent
Directors.

The number of Directors’ meetings held during the year and the number of Board and Board committee meetings
attended by each Director was as follows:

                                                                                                    Nomination,
                                                 Directors’                   Health, Safety &   Remuneration &
                                                 Meetings     Audit & Risk      Environment         Community

Number of meetings held:                                14              4                   2                  5

Number of meetings attended:
M. Harding(1)                                            7              –                   –                      3
A. Lacaze                                               14              –                   –                      –
K. Conlon                                               14              –                   2                      5
P. Etienne                                              14              4                   2                      –
J. Humphrey                                             14              4                   –                      5
G. Murdoch                                              14              4                   –                      2
V. Guthrie(2)                                            6              –                   2                      2


(1) Resigned effective 30 September 2020
(2) Appointed effective 1 October 2020




AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
We have obtained an independence declaration from our auditors, Ernst & Young, which follows the Directors’
Declaration.



ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS
The Company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191 issued by the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission, in relation to the “rounding off” of amounts. Amounts in the Directors’ Report and
Financial Statements have been rounded off, in accordance with the Instrument, to the nearest thousand dollars,
unless otherwise stated.



SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On 23 August 2021, the Malaysian regulator, the Atomic Energy Licensing Board (AELB), extended the deadline
for satisfaction of the licence condition related to the commencement of construction of the Permanent Disposal
Facility (PDF) for WLP residue to 2 March 2022. This recognises the constraints presented by current COVID-19
conditions. Lynas continues to engage productively with the relevant government and regulatory authorities to
progress the approvals for the PDF.

As announced on 29 July 2021, on 28 July 2021 the High Court of Malaya at Kuala Lumpur dismissed the judicial
review proceedings commenced by the anti-Lynas activists seeking review of the processes followed by the
Government of Malaysia in reaching the August 2019 decision to renew Lynas Malaysia’s fourth operating licence.
Lynas has received a notice of appeal by the anti-Lynas activists. Lynas intends to defend the appeal. The Lynas
Malaysia plant currently operates under the fifth operating licence granted in February 2020.

As announced on 22 July 2021, Lynas was awarded a $14.8m grant as part of the Australian governments’ Modern
Manufacturing Initiative. The grant will enable Lynas to commercialise an industry-first Rare Earth carbonate
refining process that has been developed by our inhouse research and development team.

With the exception of the above, there have been no other events subsequent to 30 June 2021 that would require
accrual or disclosure in this financial report.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                     29
Directors’ Report




Sustainability Statement
Financial year ended 30 June 2021

Operating, at all times, in accordance with best practice sustainability principles is a core value for Lynas and
its people. We set high standards for ourselves. We seek at all times to have a positive effect on our people, our
customers, our suppliers, our communities and the environment.

The products we sell are traceable from our mine in Western Australia. Our customers can receive product assur-
ance certificates to confirm that the Rare Earths they purchase from Lynas are sourced from our mine in Mt Weld,
Western Australia, and processed at our plant in Gebeng, Malaysia. Our products are used in industries where
environmental provenance and sustainability of business practices are of high importance. Life Cycle Assessments
conducted in conjunction with customers provide environmental assurance for the Lynas Rare Earths used in
customer products. Our local communities also expect us to consistently comply with high standards in this area.

The Lynas Environmental, Social and Governance Report (ESG Report) for FY2021 will be sent to shareholders at the
same time as our Annual Report 2021 is sent to shareholders. In addition, a copy of the Lynas ESG Report for FY2021
will be available on the Group’s website, www.LynasRareEarths.com.




30                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
Remuneration Report – Audited
Financial year ended 30 June 2021

Dear Shareholder,

I am pleased to present our Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 (FY2021).

Lynas has achieved excellent performance for its shareholders in FY2021. Despite the many challenges presented by
COVID-19, production has been maintained to meet the strong demand for Lynas’ NdPr products. This has required
a high level of commitment from the Lynas team, in particular in Malaysia. The performance of the Lynas team is
reflected in the FY2021 STI Awards.

We believe our incentive structures are well aligned with shareholder outcomes. For FY2022, the performance
conditions of the STI and LTI Plans are focused on financial and non-financial measures that are consistent with
Lynas’ strategic goals.

We hope the report will assist your understanding of our remuneration objectives and policies.

Yours sincerely,




John Humphrey
Chair
Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                     31
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




This report sets out Lynas’ remuneration framework and outcomes for Key Management Personnel for the financial
year ended 30 June 2021. This report has been prepared and audited in accordance with the requirements of the
Corporations Act 2001 and its regulations.



A. LIST OF KMPS
The KMP during the financial year ended 30 June 2021 were as follows:


KMP                     Position                                     Location       Term as KMP

Executive Director
A. Lacaze               CEO and Managing Director                    Australia      Full Financial Year

Non-Executive Directors
K. Conlon               Chairman, Non-Executive Director             Australia      Full Financial Year (Chairman
                                                                                    from 30 September 2020)
M. Harding              Chairman, Non-Executive Director             Australia      Retired 30 September 2020
P. Etienne              Non-Executive Director,                      Australia      Full Financial Year
                        Chair of the HSE Committee
V. Guthrie              Non-Executive Director                       Australia      Commenced 1 October 2020
J. Humphrey             Non-Executive Director, Chair of the         Australia      Full Financial Year
                        Nomination, Remuneration &
                        Community Committee
G. Murdoch              Non-Executive Director, Chair of the         Australia      Full Financial Year
                        Audit & Risk Committee

Executives
A. Arnold               General Counsel and Company Secretary        Australia      Retired 16 April 2021
G. Sturzenegger         CFO                                          Malaysia       Full Financial Year
S. Leonard              General Counsel and Company Secretary        Australia      Commenced 27 January 2021
K. Leung                Vice President – Upstream                    Australia      Full Financial Year
P. Le Roux              Vice President – Downstream                  Malaysia       Full Financial Year
M. Ahmad                Vice President – Malaysia                    Malaysia       Full Financial Year



B. OUR REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
The Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee is responsible for reviewing and making recom-
mendations to the Board on the remuneration arrangements for Directors and Executives. The Nomination,
Remuneration and Community Committee assesses, on a regular basis, the appropriateness of the nature and
amount of KMP remuneration.

In fulfilling these duties and to support effective governance processes, the Committee:
     • consists of independent Non-Executive Directors and has an independent Chair;
     • has unrestricted access to management and any relevant documents; and
     • engages external advisers for assistance to the extent appropriate and necessary (e.g. detailing market levels
       of remuneration).




32                                                                                             www.LynasRareEarths.com
C. OUR REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK
Overview
Lynas’ remuneration objective is to maximise shareholder benefits by attracting, retaining and motivating a high
quality board of directors and executive management team. We remunerate our people fairly and consistently
with comparable employment market conditions. Lynas is the largest producer of separated Rare Earths outside of
China and our remuneration framework takes into account the global nature of the rare earths business and the
complexity of the critical minerals supply chain.

Our Executive remuneration is linked to Lynas’ financial and operational performance. ‘At risk’ components of
individual remuneration are based upon the achievement of organisational goals, both short and long term.

Executive remuneration consists of a fixed pay component and an ‘at risk’ or performance related component
(comprising both short term and long term incentives).


Component               Description                             How does it link to performance and strategy?

Fixed                   Fixed remuneration consists of          Fixed remuneration is set at a level that enable Lynas
Remuneration            base salary, non-monetary benefits      to attract and retain talented people, at a cost which
                        and statutory superannuation            is acceptable to shareholders. It reflects the global
                        contributions.                          nature of the rare earths supply chain, the need to
                                                                attract experienced expatriate personnel to the Lynas
                                                                Malaysia plant in Gebeng near Kuantan in regional
                                                                Malaysia and the competition for resources personnel
                                                                in Western Australia.
                                                                Individual remuneration reflects the role, responsibili-
                                                                ties, and experience of the relevant executive.

Short Term              The STI program is based on the         STI supports the delivery of annual performance
Incentive (STI)         achievement of annual financial         goals which are selected by the Board considering
                        and non-financial goals.                the budget and Lynas’ strategic initiatives.
                        Further details of the STI Plan         The STI Plan ensures annual remuneration is
                        Structure are set out below.            competitive to facilitate retention of key personnel.
                                                                Half of STI is paid as deferred equity (performance
                                                                rights).

Long Term               The LTI program provides a reward       LTI focuses on long term performance goals which
Incentive (LTI)         for longer term performance.            create sustained value for shareholders.
                        Further details of the LTI Plan         LTI is paid as deferred equity (performance rights)
                        Structure are set out below.            which aligns the interests of Executives and
                                                                shareholders in ensuring the sustainable, long term
                                                                performance of Lynas.


Our remuneration mix aims to achieve a balance between fixed and performance related components. This
contributes to a high performance culture amongst the Executive team.

The tables below illustrate the remuneration mix range for Executives based on the target and maximum LTI and
STI opportunities for FY2021. The actual remuneration mix for Executives will vary depending on the level of perfor-
mance relative to the LTI and STI performance objectives.


                                                       Fixed                         STI                              LTI

CEO                                              42.5 – 44.4%                22.2 – 25.5%                    31.9 – 33.3%
Other Executive KMP                              50.6 – 53.3%               26.6 – 30.3%                    18.9 – 20.0%




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                             33
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




Short Term Incentive Structure
The structure of the STI Plan is as follows:


Description            Under the STI Plan, Executive KMP can earn an annual incentive based on performance during
                       the year.
                       STI Plan performance conditions align with Lynas’ annual operational and financial goals. The
                       performance conditions are chosen to incentivise performance that is consistent with desired
                       business outcomes and which contributes to longer term growth in shareholder value.
                       The STI Plan is at risk remuneration. Actual awards depend on performance against the
                       performance conditions.

Participants           Executive KMP and any employee of Lynas who is invited by the Board are eligible to participate.
                       In addition to the Executive KMP, during FY2021, three members of the Lynas Leadership Team
                       and ten senior employees who are critical to the delivery of Lynas’ short-term operational and
                       financial goals were invited to participate in the STI Plan.

STI Opportunity        Target Performance: Up to 50% of fixed remuneration for Executive KMP (including CEO) and
                       Lynas Leadership Team. Up to 20% of fixed remuneration for other employees.
                       Maximum Opportunity: Up to 60% of fixed remuneration for over-achievement compared to
                       targets for Executive KMP and Lynas Leadership Team. Up to 24% of fixed remuneration for
                       other employees.
                       Half of the STI opportunity is available in cash and half is available in performance rights.
                       The number of STI performance rights to be granted is calculated by taking the volume
                       weighted average price of Lynas’ shares for the 5 trading days up to and including the date of
                       Board approval (the PR Value). The relevant STI grant is divided by the PR Value and rounded to
                       the nearest whole number.

Performance            The Board selects both financial and non-financial performance conditions based on the Lynas
Conditions             budget and strategic plan.
                       For FY2021, three bands of performance were set for each performance condition:
                          • Threshold: 90% of budget – 80% award
                          • Target: 100% of budget – 100% award
                          • Maximum: 110% of budget – 120% award
                       If performance falls between the Threshold and Maximum levels then awards are pro-rated.
                       No STI Plan awards will be made if there is a fatality during the performance period.

Financial              Financial performance conditions are selected by the Board using the approved budget.
Performance            The performance goals are selected based on the budget and considering market conditions.
Conditions             The financial conditions are assessed annually.
(60% weighting)
                       For the FY2021 STI Plan the three financial performance conditions selected were: (1) EBITDA
                       Target; (2) NdPr Production; and (3) NdPr Operating Costs. Each financial condition has a 20%
                       weighting.

Non-financial          The Board selects non-financial conditions for the STI Plan based on the team/individual
Performance            responsibilities in the context of the Lynas strategic plan. The non-financial conditions are
Conditions             assessed annually.
(40% weighting)
                       For the FY2021 STI Plan the four areas selected for assessment were: (1) Safety/COVID
                       Management; (2) ESG; (3) Regulatory; and (4) Growth Projects.




34                                                                                                    www.LynasRareEarths.com
Why were these          A combination of financial and non-financial performance conditions aligns the STI Plan with
performance             growth and sustainable returns for shareholders.
conditions
                        The financial conditions selected by the Board in FY2021 are measures which directly affect
selected?
                        Lynas’ profitability and financial performance. Due to the anticipated increases in capital
                        expenditure for the Lynas Kalgoorlie Project during FY2021, EBITDA rather than EBIT was
                        selected by the Board as the financial growth measure.
                        The non-financial performance conditions reflect areas that are critical for the success of
                        Lynas and complement the measures included in the other quantitative STI and LTI targets.
                        Non-financial performance conditions are designed to address areas of particular importance
                        to shareholders. The non-financial performance conditions for the FY2021 were selected by the
                        Board for the following reasons:
                           • Safety/COVID-19 management: Critical to the continued safe operations of the Mt Weld
                               and Lynas Malaysia operations.
                           • ESG: Important to Lynas’ stakeholders and the future sustainable growth of the business.
                           • Regulatory: Ensures the careful maintenance of Lynas’ key operating licences in the
                               jurisdictions in which it operates.
                           • Growth Projects: Supports performance against opportunities for longer term increases
                               in the value of the business through delivery of annual project milestones.

                        Performance conditions for the STI Plan are reviewed annually by the Board to ensure they
                        remain aligned with business strategy and shareholder interests.

How and when            Performance is assessed annually.
is performance
                        For the financial conditions, the Board calculates the results after the end of the performance
assessed?
                        period.
                        For the non-financial conditions, the Board assesses the performance of the Executives based
                        on the recommendations from the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee.

Eligibility for         Holders of performance rights are not eligible for dividends until the performance rights been
dividends               converted into shares.

Cessation of            STI performance rights are subject to a 12 month restriction on exercise, with continued
employment              employment at Lynas for a period of 12 months after grant as a condition of exercise.

Clawback                If the Board becomes aware of any material misstatement in its financial statements due to: (i)
                        non-compliance with a financial reporting requirement; (ii) the participant’s misconduct; or (iii)
                        the misconduct of any other Lynas personnel under the supervision of the relevant participant,
                        the Board has authority under the clawback policy to require repayment of vested awards,
                        forfeit unvested performance rights or withhold the payment or allocation of all or any part of an
                        award.

Change of Control       There is no automatic vesting of performance rights on a change in control. On the occurrence
Event                   of a change in control event, the Board will determine (in its discretion) how the performance
                        rights may be affected.

Disposal restriction    Performance rights granted under the STI Plan are not transferable.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                               35
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




Long Term Incentive Structure
This section summarises the LTI grants made in FY2021.


Description            Under the LTI Plan, annual grants of performance rights are made to eligible participants to
                       align remuneration with the creation of sustainable shareholder value over the long term.

Participants           Executive KMP and any employee of Lynas who is invited by the Board are eligible to participate.

LTI Opportunity        CEO – Up to 75% of fixed remuneration
                       Other KMP and Lynas Leadership Team – Up to 37.5% of fixed remuneration
                       Other invited employees – Up to 25% of fixed remuneration
                       The number of LTI performance rights to be granted is calculated by taking the volume
                       weighted average price of Lynas’ shares for the 5 trading days up to and including the date of
                       Board approval (the PR Value). The relevant LTI grant is divided by the PR Value and rounded to
                       the nearest whole number.

Vesting Date           9 September 2023

Performance            For the CEO, other Executive KMP and Lynas Leadership Team, two vesting conditions apply to
Conditions             the LTI grants made during FY2021:
                          • Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
                          • Lynas 2025 Project Target
                       During FY2021, three members of the Lynas Leadership Team were invited to participated in the
                       LTI Plan.
                       In addition, eight senior employees who are critical to the delivery of Lynas 2025 strategic
                       outcomes were invited to participate in the LTI Plan. For these employees, the sole vesting
                       condition is the Lynas 2025 Project Target.

Relative TSR –         Relative TSR is assessed over a three year period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023, relative to
50% weighting          other companies in the ASX200 index (Peer Group Companies). For any performance rights to
                       vest under the TSR vesting condition, Lynas’ performance must be equal to or greater than the
                       51% percentile of Peer Group Companies.
                       The percentage of the performance rights that may vest is determined as follows:

                       Lynas TSR Ranking across the TSR Period             Proportion of Performance Rights that vest

                       Below 51st percentile                               0%
                       At the 51st percentile                              50%
                       Between the 51st percentile                         Between 50% and 100% as determined
                       and the 76th percentile                             on a straight line basis (rounded to the
                                                                           nearest 5%)
                       At or above 76th percentile                         100%


Lynas 2025             The Lynas 2025 Project Target vesting condition is that the Lynas Kalgoorlie plant is commis-
Project Target –       sioned and operational by July 2023.
50% weighting




36                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
Why were these          The vesting conditions for the LTI Plan were selected due to their alignment with Lynas’ long
performance             term strategic goals.
conditions
                        The Relative TSR Vesting condition was selected because it ensures alignment between
selected?
                        competitive shareholder return and reward for the executive. The comparison with peer group
                        companies in the ASX200 index provides an objective, external market-based performance
                        measure relative to Lynas’ peer group companies. Relative TSR is widely understood and
                        accepted by key stakeholders.
                        The Lynas 2025 Project Target was selected as it is the next significant step in the growth of the
                        Lynas business for the benefit of all shareholders. The completion of the Lynas Kalgoorlie plant is
                        a key component of the Lynas 2025 Project.
                        Due to the difficulties setting realistic financial growth targets over a three year performance
                        period caused by the global economic uncertainty associated with COVID-19, the Board elected
                        not to include an EBIT/EBITDA financial growth measure in the FY2021 LTI Plan. An EBITDA
                        measure was included in the STI program to ensure a focus on earnings within the ‘at risk’
                        components of remuneration.

How and when            Relative TSR will be calculated by Lynas and tested by an external adviser as soon as practicable
is performance          at the end of the performance period.
assessed?
                        The Lynas 2025 Project Target will be assessed by the Board at the vesting date of 9 September
                        2023.

Eligibility for         Holders of performance rights are not eligible for dividends until the performance rights been
dividends               converted into shares.

Cessation of            If a participant ceases employment prior to the vesting date of the performance rights, then
employment              unless otherwise determined by the Board (in its discretion), the unvested performance rights
                        will continue to be subject to the rules of the LTI Plan until the vesting date, at which time the
                        performance rights will vest in accordance with the rules of the LTI Plan.
                        The Board may exercise its discretion to cancel the performance rights, except where the
                        participant has been retrenched where cancellation will occur within 36 months of the Board’s
                        decision.

Clawback                If the Board becomes aware of any material misstatement in its financial statements due to: (i)
                        non-compliance with a financial reporting requirement; (ii) the participant’s misconduct; or (iii)
                        the misconduct of any other Lynas personnel under the supervision of the relevant participant,
                        the Board has authority under the clawback policy to require repayment of vested awards,
                        forfeit unvested performance rights or withhold the payment or allocation of all or any part of an
                        award.

Change of Control       There is no automatic vesting of performance rights on a change in control. On the occurrence
Event                   of a change in control event, the Board will determine (in its discretion) how the performance
                        rights may be affected.

Disposal restriction    Performance rights granted under the LTI Plan are not transferable.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                37
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




D. REMUNERATION OUTCOMES IN FY2021
FY21 STI Grant Performance Outcomes
An award at 104.5% will be made under the FY2021 STI Plan. The table below sets out the outcomes of the FY2021
STI Plan.


Performance Outcome – Financial Performance Conditions

Performance            Lynas has recorded excellent financial performance in FY2021. All financial performance targets
condition              in the FY2021 STI Plan have been met or exceeded.
                       Lynas has repaid all Australian Jobkeeper payments related to FY2021 and therefore these
                       amounts are not included in the calculation of FY2021 STI Performance Outcomes.

Outcome –                                                                                                                Weighted
target achieved        Performance                                                Threshold      Target     Maximum      Outcome
                       Condition       Target        Actual          Weighting      90%           100%        110%         (%)


                       EBITDA          Forecast      Greater            20%                                                24.0%
                                       target*       than 110%
                                                     of target

                       NdPr            5,478         5,461              20%                                                19.9%
                       Production      REOt          REOt
                       Targets

                       NdPr            Forecast      103% of            20%                                                20.6%
                       Operating       Target*       forecast
                       Costs

                       *	The NdPr Operating Cost Target is commercial in confidence. The NdPr Operating Cost and EBITDA
                          Targets are set by the Board based on the annual budget. In respect of EBITDA, actual performance
                          significantly exceeded 110% of the target so maximum performance was achieved. In respect of the NdPr
                          Operation Cost, actual operating costs were better thanTarget and equalled an award at 103% of Target.

Performance Outcome – Non-Financial Performance Conditions

Performance            The Board assessed the performance of the Executives in four key areas: (1) Safety/COVID
Conditions             Management; (2) ESG; (3) Regulatory; and (4) Growth Projects.




38                                                                                                        www.LynasRareEarths.com
Outcome –               The Board has assessed an award at Target (weighted outcome of 40%) against the non-finan-
target achieved         cial performance conditions.


                        Performance
                        Condition            Target                                   Outcome

                        Safety/COVID-19      Safety performance was measured          During FY2021, safe workplace
                        Management           on a company-wide basis. Trends          conditions were achieved and
                                             in safety statistics were considered,    all COVID-19 cases were handled
                                             including LTIF, TRIFR, high potential    effectively despite serious second
                                             incidents. COVID-19 performance          and third waves of infection in
                                             was measured by the success in           Malaysia. Continuous operations of
                                             achieving COVID protocols at both        the Malaysian plant were achieved,
                                             sites, together with the speed and       despite the Malaysian nationwide
                                             efficacy of responses to COVID issues.   lockdown and Enhanced Movement
                                                                                      Control Orders.

                        ESG                  ESG performance is measured by           Significant progress was achieved
                                             reference to improvements in ESG         in ESG reporting, as recognised by
                                             performance and reporting during         key investor groups. Further devel-
                                             the performance period.                  opment of ESG initiatives during the
                                                                                      year which will be reflected in Lynas’
                                                                                      ESG Report.

                        Regulatory           Regulatory performance is assessed       Significant effort was demonstrated
                                             based on regulatory compliance in        by the Executive in progressing the
                                             Malaysia and Australia.                  PDF Project in Malaysia. There were
                                                                                      no regulatory non-compliances
                                                                                      during the period in respect of Lynas’
                                                                                      key operating licences.

                        Growth Projects      Performance in respect of growth         Progress against milestones for the
                                             projects is measured based on            Lynas Kalgoorlie and Lynas USA
                                             achievements against project             Projects was assessed by the Board
                                             milestones.                              and judged to be satisfactory.




2018 LTI Grant Performance Outcomes
The LTI performance rights issued on 28 September 2018 were granted subject to the following vesting conditions:
   • EBIT Target – 50% weighting
   • Relative TSR – 50% weighting

The table below sets the performance outcomes.


Performance Outcome – EBIT Target (50% weighting)

Performance             Satisfaction of the EBIT Target vesting condition required Lynas’ average annual EBIT growth
condition               at the end of the period from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021 to be at least 7% per annum using the
                        EBIT figure from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 as a base.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                 39
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




Outcome –              As set out in the table below, due to the EBIT result in FY20, the EBIT Target vesting
Not achieved           condition has not been achieved.

                                                                                                          Outcome (EBIT)

                       FY2018 (Base)                                                                            $81 million
                       FY2019                                                                                 $56.4 million
                       FY2020                                                                                ($6.2 million)
                       FY2021                                                                                $169.5 million
                       Cumulative Adjusted EBIT over the three years                                         $219.7 million
                       Base EBIT over the three years                                                       $243.0 million
                       Average % growth over the 3 years compared to the base period figure                          -3.2%


Performance Outcome – Relative TSR (50% weighting)

Vesting                Satisfaction of the Relative TSR vesting condition required Lynas’ TSR to be at least at the 51st
Condition              percentile of ASX 200 companies calculated over the three year period from 31 August 2018 to
                       31 August 2021.
                       The Relative TSR performance rights will vest in accordance with the following scale:


                       Lynas TSR Ranking                                    Proportion of Performance Rights that vest

                       Below 51st percentile                                0%
                       At the 51st percentile                               50%
                       Between the 51st percentile and the                  Between 50% and 100% as determined on
                       76th percentile                                      a straight line basis (rounded up or down
                                                                            to the nearest 5%)
                       At or above 76th percentile                          100%


Outcome – still to     Performance against the Relative TSR vesting condition will be assessed in September 2021,
be assessed            after the three year performance period ends on 31 August 2021.




40                                                                                                  www.LynasRareEarths.com
E. LINKING REMUNERATION AND GROUP PERFORMANCE
Sections C and D above set out how the LTI and STI Plan Performance Conditions are linked to Lynas’ performance.

The table below provides further information about the financial performance of Lynas over the past five years.


                                                             30 June          30 June         30 June          30 June          30 June
                                                                 2017            2018             2019            2020              2021

Revenue ($‘000)                                               256,976          374,105         363,541           305,111        489,024
Profit / (loss) before tax ($‘000)                            (24,263)         53,404           83,274           (19,156)        157,487
Profit / (loss) after tax ($‘000)                                (534)           53,119         83,079           (19,395)        157,083
Shareholder capital ($’000)                                 1,094,403        1,395,417       1,398,264        1,424,847        1,859,598
Annual average share price*                                     $0.77            $2.04            $1.99           $2.20            $4.15
Closing share price at financial year end*                       $1.05           $2.34            $2.57            $1.94            $5.71
Basic earnings / (loss) per share (cents)**                      (0.15)           8.84            12.50            (2.79)          18.08
Diluted earnings / (loss) per share (cents)**                    (0.15)           8.29            11.90            (2.79)           17.99

*	The share prices for the year ended 30 June 2017 have been restated to reflect the 10 to 1 share consolidation which was completed on
   4 December 2017.
**	The basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 30 June 2017 comparative periods have been restated to reflect the 10 to 1
    which was completed on 4 December 2017.


Separately, changes in the share based remuneration from one year to the next reflect the effect of amortising the
accounting value of options and performance rights over their vesting period and the impact of forfeitures which
can relate to both the current and prior periods in a given fiscal period. In certain periods, a negative value may be
presented which results when the forfeitures recognised in a period are greater than the accounting amortisation
expense for the current portion of the vesting period.



F. SERVICE AGREEMENTS
The CEO and Managing Director and Executives each have a services contract/ employment contracts which are on
reasonable commercial conditions. The key provisions of the agreement are:


                        CEO and Managing Director                                 Other Executives


Type                    Services contract                                         Employment contract

Duration                Ongoing                                                   Ongoing

Notice by               3 months                                                  3 months
Executive

Notice by Lynas         6 months                                                  3 – 6 months
                        Termination without notice for serious misconduct         Termination without notice for serious misconduct

Treatment of            On resignation, then unless otherwise determined          On resignation, then unless otherwise determined
incentives on           by the Board (in its discretion), the unvested            by the Board (in its discretion), the unvested
termination:            performance rights will continue to be subject            performance rights will continue to be subject
                        to the rules of the LTI Plan until the vesting date,      to the rules of the LTI Plan until the vesting date,
                        at which time the performance rights will vest in         at which time the performance rights will vest in
                        accordance with the rules of the LTI Plan.                accordance with the rules of the LTI Plan.
                        The Board may exercise its discretion to cancel the       The Board may exercise its discretion to cancel the
                        performance rights, except where the participant          performance rights, except where the participant
                        has been retrenched where cancellation will occur         has been retrenched where cancellation will occur
                        within 36 months of the Board’s decision.                 within 36 months of the Board’s decision.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                              41
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




G. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
Remuneration policy
Consistent with Lynas’ approach, remuneration of Non-Executive Directors is set at a level that enables Lynas
to attract and retain talented and motivated people, at a cost which is acceptable to shareholders. We focus on
ensuring that the Board of Directors reflects the broad mix of skills, experience and diversity necessary to oversee
Lynas in its position as a significant participant in the critical global market for Rare Earth products.

Non-Executive Director fees are set considering: (1) the fees paid by companies of a similar size and/or industry;
(2) the time and commitment required; (3) the risk and responsibilities; and (4) the required commercial and
industry experience.

To ensure independence, Non-Executive Director fees are fixed, and Non-Executive Directors do not receive any
performance-related or ‘at-risk’ compensation.


Remuneration Structure
Non-Executive Director fees consist of Director fees and Committee fees. Each Non-Executive Director (other than
the Chairman of the Board) received a fee for each committee of which they are members (capped at two commit-
tees). The Chairman of the Board does not receive committee fees.

The current aggregate fee pool for the Non-Executive Directors of $1,250,000 was approved at the AGM held on
20 November 2012.

The Non-Executive Director fees payable for the period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 were:


                                                                                                             Amount
                                                                                                         (exclusive of
Board fees per annum                                                                                 superannuation)

Chairman                                                                                                    $250,000
Non-Executive Director                                                                                       $120,000
Committee Chair (Audit & Risk)                                                                               $30,000
Committee Chair (Nomination Remuneration & Community/ Health, Safety & Environment)                          $25,000
Committee member (Audit & Risk)                                                                               $15,000
Committee member (Nomination Remuneration & Community/ Health, Safety & Environment)                          $12,500


Board fees were reviewed effective from 1 January 2020 for the first time since FY2011. Committee fees remain
unchanged from FY2019.

The remuneration for each of the Non-Executive Directors for the financial years ended 30 June 2020 and 30 June
2021 is set out in Section H below.




42                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
H. DETAILS OF REMUNERATION
                                           Short term                              Post-employment                                             Long term
                                            benefits                                    benefits                                                benefits


                                            Other short
                                                                Non-monetary
                                                                                                      Super-
                                                                                                                                                           Performance
                                                                                                                      Long service
                                                                                                                                         Share-based
                             Cash salary    term employee                          Termination        annuation and
                                                                                                                                         payments          related % of
                                                                benefits
                                                                                                      other pension
                             and fees       benefits                               payments           payments        leave              (net)(1)          Total             Total
Name


FY21
Executive Director
A. Lacaze                   1,251,897         133,540                          –                 –         21,694       64,383            830,776                 42%     2,302,290

Non-Executive Directors
K. Conlon(2)                 234,375                        –                  –                 –         20,011                    –                 –            0%     254,386
M. Harding(3)                 65,000                        –                  –                 –         5,424                     –                 –            0%      70,424
P. Etienne                   175,200                        –                  –                 –               –                   –                 –            0%     175,200
J. Humphrey                  156,875                        –                  –                 –        14,903                     –                 –            0%      171,778
G. Murdoch                    159,375                       –                  –                 –          15,141                   –                 –            0%      174,516
V. Guthrie(4)                 106,157                       –                  –                 –          3,147                    –                 –            0%     109,304

Executives
A. Arnold(5)                 588,365            51,058                  –                        –        10,892             –             (30,026)                (3%)    620,289
S. Leonard(6)                146,709                 –                  –                        –         6,058         2,506              39,297                20%      194,570
G. Sturzenegger               533,105          58,043                   –                        –             –             –            220,628                 34%       811,776
K. Leung                      532,331           55,975                  –                        –        21,694        29,945            206,982                  31%     846,927
P. Le Roux                   466,740           56,980             119,736                        –        79,238             –            250,016                 32%      972,710
M. Ahmad                     336,593           84,069                   –                        –        42,076             –             174,743                38%       637,481

Total                      4,752,722         439,664             119,736                         –      240,278        96,834            1,692,416                29%     7,341,650



FY20
Executive Director
A. Lacaze                    1,241,610          261,191           75,509                         –         21,003         28,135           419,885                33%     2,047,333

Non-Executive Directors
K. Conlon                     147,500                       –                  –                 –          14,013                   –                 –            0%       161,513
M. Harding                   255,000                        –                  –                 –         21,003                    –                 –            0%     276,003
P. Etienne                    157,600                       –                  –                 –          6,650                    –                 –            0%     164,250
J. Humphrey                   137,500                       –                  –                 –         13,063                    –                 –            0%      150,563
G. Murdoch                   140,000                        –                  –                 –         13,300                    –                 –            0%     153,300

Executives
A. Arnold                    510,466          100,207                   –                        –             –              –           100,607                 28%       711,280
G. Sturzenegger              578,352            114,315                 –                        –             –              –             110,051               28%      802,718
K. Leung                     505,792          108,737              41,981                        –        21,003         13,403            107,779                27%      798,695
P. Le Roux                   401,707           114,265             68,318                        –        81,078              –            133,522                31%      789,890
M. Ahmad                     365,445           133,528                  –                        –        49,899              –             89,085                35%       637,957
M. Afzan Afza(7)             302,514             97,912                 –                        –        72,079              –              71,682               31%      544,187

Total                      4,743,486          930,155           185,808                          –        313,091        41,538          1,032,611                27%     7,246,689


(1) Represents the impact of amortising the accounting value                                     (4) Appointed effective 1 October 2020
    of Options and Performance Rights over their vesting period                                  (5) Resigned effective 16 April 2021
    including the impact of forfeitures recognised during the period.
    At times a negative value may be presented which results when                                (6) Appointed effective 27 January 2021
    the forfeitures recognised in the period (which may relate also to                           (7) Lynas reassessed its KMP as of 1 July 2020 and determined the
    earlier periods) are greater than the accounting expense for the                                 KMP to be limited to the directors and executives including
    current portion of the vesting period.                                                           General Counsel and Company Secretary, CFO, Vice President
(2) Appointed to Chair effect 30 September 2020                                                      – Upstream, Vice President – Downstream and Vice President
                                                                                                     – Malaysia. As a result, M. Afzan Afza was not included as a
(3) Resigned effective 30 September 2020                                                             member of the KMP in FY2021.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                                                                       43
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




I.       KMP EQUITY HOLDINGS
(i) Shareholdings
The following table outlines the shares held directly, indirectly and beneficially by directors and KMP as at
30 June 2021.

                           Balance           Purchased        On exercise of
                      at beginning           during the        performance       Sold during                     Balance at
Name                        of year                year              rights         the year          Other     end of year

A. Lacaze               4,389,988                   43,825           109,148      (1,800,000)             –       2,742,961
K. Conlon                    115,619                 15,016                 –                –            –         130,635
P. Etienne                  66,630                   8,654                  –                –            –          75,284
M. Harding                   65,168                  8,464                  –                –      (73,632)              –
J. Humphrey                 50,000                   6,494                  –                –            –          56,494
G. Murdoch                 142,500                  18,507                  –                –            –         161,007
V. Guthrie                         –                 6,000                  –                –            –           6,000
A. Arnold                 508,995                         –            98,106        (602,432)       (4,669)              –
S. Leonard                         –                      –                 –                –            –               –
G. Sturzenegger         1,084,700                         –         102,988          (487,689)            –       700,000
K. Leung                   739,223                        –          107,146         (433,369)            –        413,000
P. Le Roux                1,172,261                       –           121,997         (933,138)           –        349,579
M. Ahmad                    717,617                       –           85,585         (789,202)            –          14,000

Total                    9,052,701              106,960              624,970     (5,045,830)        (78,301)     4,648,960


Other movements in relation to KMP shareholdings relate to the person ceasing to be a member of the KMP
during the year.

(ii) Share Based Remuneration – Performance Rights
Performance Rights are issued with no consideration payable on exercise. As at year end the Group had on issue to
directors and KMP the following Performance Rights to acquire ordinary fully paid shares:

                                                                                                                  Value per
                                                                                                               performance
                                                            Date vested                           Exercise          right at
Series            Grant date           Number            and exercisable            Expiry date      price       grant date

AO         30 November 2016             532,373           30 August 2019        30 August 2021      $ 0.00          $ 0.680
AP         30 November 2016              465,117          30 August 2019        30 August 2021      $ 0.00          $ 0.500
AU         28 November 2017              127,567         28 August 2020         28 August 2022      $ 0.00          $2.060
AV         28 November 2017            154,044           28 August 2020         28 August 2022      $ 0.00            $1.620
AY            28 August 2018              141,811         28 August 2021        28 August 2023      $ 0.00            $2.187
AZ            28 August 2018              118,176         28 August 2021        28 August 2023      $ 0.00            $1.431
BB         27 November 2018             176,920           28 August 2021        28 August 2023      $ 0.00            $2.187
BC         27 November 2018             147,433           28 August 2021        28 August 2023      $ 0.00            $1.463
BE            26 August 2019              111,559         26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00           $2.340
BF            26 August 2019            147,629           26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00           $2.340
BG            26 August 2019            133,870           26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00           $1.660
BE*       26 November 2019*             136,435           26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00           $2.290
BF*       26 November 2019*             136,435           26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00           $2.290
BG*       26 November 2019*             163,722           26 August 2022        26 August 2024      $ 0.00            $1.630
BH        09 September 2020               91,995      09 September 2021     09 September 2023       $ 0.00          $2.400
BI        09 September 2020            207,422       09 September 2023      09 September 2025       $ 0.00           $1.790




44                                                                                                    www.LynasRareEarths.com
                                                                                                                             Value per
                                                                                                                          performance
                                                           Date vested                                    Exercise             right at
Series                Grant date       Number           and exercisable                   Expiry date        price          grant date

BJ        09 September 2020             207,422     09 September 2023           09 September 2025            $ 0.00              $2.400
BH**      26 November 2020*              55,695     09 September 2021           09 September 2023            $ 0.00              $3.560
BI**      26 November 2020*             208,856     09 September 2023           09 September 2025            $ 0.00              $2.500
BJ**      26 November 2020*             208,856     09 September 2023           09 September 2025            $ 0.00              $3.560

Total                                 3,673,337


*	Performance rights relates to the CEO in series BD to BG were approved by the Board on 26 August 2019, subject to approval at the
   AGM. These performance rights were subsequently approved at the AGM on 26 November 2019.
**	Performance rights relates to the CEO in series BH to BJ were approved by the Board on 9 September 2020, subject to approval at the
    AGM. These performance rights were subsequently approved at the AGM on 26 November 2020.


Fair value of Performance Rights
The fair value of each Performance Right is estimated on the date it is granted using volume-weighted average
share price, Monte Carlo and Binomial valuation methodologies. The following assumptions were considered in the
valuation of Performance Rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2021:


                            PR’s issued to employees other than CEO                                  PR’s issued to CEO

                           Series BH            Series BI           Series BJ            Series BH       Series BI          Series BJ

Grant date                09 Sept 2020        09 Sept 2020      09 Sept 2020         26 Nov 2020        26 Nov 2020       26 Nov 2020
5 day VWAP                    $2.40               $2.40             $2.40                $3.56              $3.56             $3.56
Exercise price                $0.00               $0.00             $0.00               $0.00              $0.00             $0.00
Dividend yield                 Nil                 Nil               Nil                  Nil                Nil               Nil
Expected volatility           63.2%               63.2%             63.2%               64.5%              64.5%             64.5%
Risk-free Rate                0.26%               0.26%             0.26%                0.11%              0.11%             0.11%
Expiry date               09 Sept 2023        09 Sept 2025      09 Sept 2025         09 Sept 2023       09 Sept 2025      09 Sept 2025


No dividends have been paid in the past and so it is not appropriate to estimate future possible dividends in arriving
at the fair values. The life of the Performance Right is up to 5 years from date of grant (as specified above) and is
therefore not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur.

The resulting weighted average fair values for all Performance Rights granted for the benefit of Directors and KMP
during the year are:

                                                     Fair value
                               Number of       per instrument              Exercise
                             performance          at valuation            price per                                        Last exercise
Grant date                         rights                  date         instrument          First exercise date           or expiry date

9 September 2020                     91,995                 $2.40               $ 0.00      9 September 2021          9 September 2021
9 September 2020                    207,422                 $1.79               $ 0.00      9 September 2023          9 September 2025
9 September 2020                    207,422                 $2.40               $ 0.00      9 September 2023          9 September 2025
26 November 2020                     55,695                 $3.56               $ 0.00      9 September 2021          9 September 2021
26 November 2020                   208,856                  $2.58               $ 0.00      9 September 2023          9 September 2025
26 November 2020                   208,856                  $3.56               $ 0.00      9 September 2023          9 September 2025

Total                              980,246

Except as specified in the table above, all Performance Rights granted for the benefit of Directors and KMP have
three-year vesting periods. The Performance Rights are exercisable up to five years after issue date, subject to
achievement of the relevant performance hurdles.



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                          45
Directors’ Report
Remuneration Report – Audited continued




The following tables outline the Performance Rights granted for the benefit of Directors and KMP during the 2020
and 2021 financial years and those Performance Rights which have vested at each respective year-end.

                     Balance at
                     beginning                                                                                         Balance at
                        of year       Granted          Grant date    Exercised       Forfeited       Net change       end of year

 30 June 2021
 A. Lacaze             2,291,202          473,407     26 Nov 2020       (109,148)      (142,010)        222,249          2,513,451
 K. Conlon                      –                 –             –               –               –               –                –
 P. Etienne                     –                 –             –               –               –               –                –
 M. Harding                     –                 –             –               –               –               –                –
 J. Humphrey                    –                 –             –               –               –               –                –
 G. Murdoch                     –                 –             –               –               –               –                –
 V. Guthrie                     –                 –             –               –               –               –                –
 A. Arnold                272,112                 –             –         (98,106)    (174,006)         (272,112)                –
 S Leonard                      –           69,862    9 Sept 2020               –               –         69,862           69,862
 G. Sturzenegger        292,682             117,671   9 Sept 2020      (102,988)        (28,071)         (13,388)        279,294
 K. Leung               296,839            110,889    9 Sept 2020       (107,146)         (31,117)       (27,374)        269,465
 P. Le Roux             355,482             115,517   9 Sept 2020        (121,997)       (31,632)         (38,112)        317,370
 M. Ahmad               240,572            92,900     9 Sept 2020        (85,585)       (23,955)         (16,640)         223,932

 Total                3,748,889       980,246                         (624,970)      (430,791)           (75,515)      3,673,374



 30 June 2020
 A. Lacaze            4,530,638           545,740     Nov 26, 2019   (2,690,635)        (94,541)      (2,239,436)       2,291,202
 K. Conlon                     –                  –              –             –               –                 –               –
 P. Etienne                    –                  –              –             –               –                 –               –
 M. Harding                    –                  –              –             –               –                 –               –
 J. Humphrey                   –                  –              –             –               –                 –               –
 G. Murdoch                    –                  –              –             –               –                 –               –
 A. Arnold              706,758             125,572   Aug 26, 2019      (528,861)        (31,357)      (434,646)           272,112
 G. Sturzenegger        724,786             141,969   Aug 26, 2019      (542,651)       (31,422)         (432,104)       292,682
 K. Leung               776,276             136,319   Aug 26, 2019      (581,323)      (34,433)         (479,437)        296,839
 P. Le Roux            788,462            190,800     Aug 26, 2019    (588,860)        (34,920)         (432,980)        355,482
 M. Ahmad                611,805           114,004    Aug 26, 2019     (458,473)       (26,764)           (371,233)      240,572
 M. Afzan Afza         448,642              93,384    Aug 26, 2019     (335,490)         (19,810)         (261,916)       186,726

 Total                8,587,367      1,347,788                       (5,726,293)     (273,247)        (4,651,752)       3,935,615


At 30 June 2021, 1,279,101 performance rights issued to A. Lacaze had vested and were exercisable (30 June 2019:
997,490), while no performance rights had vested but were not exercisable (30 June 2020: nil).

The Directors’ report is signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to s.298 (2) of the
Corporations Act 2001.

On behalf of the Directors,




Kathleen Conlon
Chairman, Sydney, 27 August 2021




46                                                                                                      www.LynasRareEarths.com
Directors’ Declaration

The Directors declare that:

   (a)   in the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its
         debts as and when they become due and payable;
   (b)   in the Directors’ opinion, the attached financial report is in compliance with International Financial
         Reporting Standards, as stated in the Basis of preparation note to the Financial Statements;
   (c)   in the Directors’ opinion, the attached financial report and notes thereto are in accordance with the
         Corporations Act 2001, including compliance with accounting standards and giving a true and fair view of
         the financial position and performance of the Group; and
   (d)   the Directors have been given the declarations required by s.295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

At the date of this declaration, the Company is within the class of companies affected by Corporations Instrument
98/1418. The nature of the deed of cross guarantee is such that each company which is party to the deed guaran-
tees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee.

In the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the companies to which
the Corporations Instrument applies, as detailed in Note E.6 to the Financial Statements will, as a Group, be able
to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross
guarantee.

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors made pursuant to s.295 (5) of the Corporations Act 2001.



On behalf of the Directors,




Kathleen Conlon
Chairman

Sydney, 27 August 2021




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                       47
   Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities




        Auditor’s Independence
        Declaration
Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities




   39                                                  www.lynasrareearths.com
        48                                                   www.LynasRareEarths.com
 Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities




       Independent
       Auditor’s Report
Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities




 39                                                     www.lynasrareearths.com
       Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                             49
 LynasIndependent      Auditor’s
       Rare Earths Limited        Report
                           and Controlled Entities
  Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities




     Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities




40                                                       www.lynasrareearths.com




 3941                                                      www.lynasrareearths.com
                                                           www.lynasrareearths.com
        50                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities
Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities
Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities




 42                                                    www.lynasrareearths.com
39                                                     www.lynasrareearths.com
 42   Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report    www.lynasrareearths.com   51
 Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities
LynasIndependent      Auditor’s
      Rare Earths Limited        Report
                          and Controlled Entities
 Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities




 43                                                   www.lynasrareearths.com
39                                                   www.lynasrareearths.com
 43   52                                              www.lynasrareearths.com
                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities
Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities
 Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities




44                                                     www.lynasrareearths.com

39                                                     www.lynasrareearths.com
 43   Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report    www.lynasrareearths.com   53
 Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities
LynasIndependent      Auditor’s
      Rare Earths Limited        Report
                          and Controlled Entities
 Lynas Rare Earths Limited and Controlled Entities




 45                                                   www.lynasrareearths.com
39                                                   www.lynasrareearths.com
 43   54                                              www.lynasrareearths.com
                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
Financial Statements
as at 30 June 2021


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Comprehensive Income                                       56

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position	                                                           57

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity	                                                            58

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows	                                                                   59

Notes to the Financial Statements	                                                                      60



About this Report                               60    D     Other Assets and Liabilities               85
                                                       D.1   Trade and other receivables                85
A     Earnings for the year                     62
                                                       D.2   Inventories                                85
A.1   Segment revenue and expenses              62
                                                       D.3   Other non current assets                   87
A.2   Financial income and expenses             65
                                                       D.4   Trade and other payables                   88
A.3   Earnings / (loss) per share               66
                                                       D.5   Provisions and employee benefits           88
A.4   Income tax expense                        67
                                                       E     Other Items                                 91
B     Production and Growth Assets              71
                                                       E.1   Contingent liabilities                      91
B.1 	Deferred development expenditure
      and property, plant and equipment         71    E.2   Leases and other commitments                91
B.2   Impairment of non-current assets          75    E.3   Auditor remuneration                       93
                                                       E.4   Subsidiaries                               93
C     Cash, Borrowings and Capital              77
                                                       E.5   Parent entity information                  94
C.1   Cash and cash equivalents                 77
                                                       E.6   Entities under a deed of cross guarantee   94
C.2   Short term deposits                       78
                                                       E.7   Employee costs and share based
C.3   Interest bearing liabilities              78
                                                             payments                                   96
C.4   Financing facilities                      80
                                                       E.8   Other accounting policies                  100
C.5   Contributed equity                        81
                                                       E.9   Subsequent events                          100
C.6   Reserves                                  82




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                            55
Financial Statements


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
and Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 30 June 2021




                                                                                                          2021           2020
                                                                                    Note               A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000

Revenue                                                                               A.1             489,024            305,111
Cost of sales                                                                         A.1             (302,242)        (257,340)

Gross profit                                                                                          186,782           47,771

General and administration expenses                                                   A.1               (27,154)        (57,984)
Net foreign exchange gain                                                                                8,717           4,093
Other income / (expenses)                                                                                 1,155            (125)

Profit / (loss) from operating activities                                                             169,500           (6,245)

Financial income                                                                     A.2                 2,927            2,662
Financial expenses                                                                   A.2               (14,940)         (15,573)

Net financial expenses                                                                                 (12,013)          (12,911)

Profit / (loss) before income tax                                                                     157,487           (19,156)

Income tax expense                                                                   A.4                  (404)            (239)

Profit / (loss) for the year                                                                          157,083           (19,395)


Other comprehensive loss for the year net of income tax
that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                              (24,750)         (12,864)

Total other comprehensive loss for the year, net of income tax                                        (24,750)         (12,864)

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year attributable
to equity holders of the Company                                                                       132,333         (32,259)




                                                                                                     cents per        cents per
                                                                                    Note                share            share


Earnings / (loss) per share
Basic earnings / (loss) per share (cents per share)                                  A.3                 18.08            (2.79)
Diluted earnings / (loss) per share (cents per share)                                A.3                  17.99           (2.79)




The Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the
notes to the financial statements.




56                                                                                                        www.LynasRareEarths.com
Consolidated Statement
of Financial Position
as at 30 June 2021




                                                                                                              2021               2020
                                                                                        Note               A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                C.1              580,827               101,731
Short term deposits                                                                                       100,000                     –
Trade and other receivables                                                              D.1               23,890                5,380
Current tax assets                                                                                              –                   46
Prepayments                                                                                                 6,442                3,773
Inventories                                                                              D.2               62,888               68,132

Total current assets                                                                                      774,047             179,062

Inventories                                                                              D.2                 4,434              9,468
Property, plant and equipment                                                            B.1               607,297            653,090
Deferred development expenditure                                                         B.1                28,347             28,818
Intangible assets                                                                                              405                540
Other non-current assets                                                                 D.3                63,060              65,147

Total non-current assets                                                                                  703,543             757,063

Total assets                                                                                            1,477,590             936,125

Liabilities
Interest payable                                                                                              1,773              2,007
Trade and other payables                                                                 D.4                40,828              28,778
Borrowings                                                                               C.2                20,073              34,148
Current tax liability                                                                                            84                   –
Employee benefits                                                                        D.5                  3,331              2,797
Provisions                                                                               D.5                40,874              26,142
Lease liabilities                                                                        E.2                    778               1,226

Total current liabilities                                                                                  107,741             95,098

Borrowings                                                                               C.2               151,049             164,851
Employee benefits                                                                        D.5                   696                 599
Provisions                                                                               D.5               133,392             155,462
Lease liabilities                                                                        E.2                 1,292               1,734

Total non-current liabilities                                                                             286,429             322,646

Total liabilities                                                                                         394,170             417,744

Net assets                                                                                              1,083,420              518,381

Equity
Share capital                                                                            C.4             1,859,598           1,424,847
Accumulated losses                                                                                         (715,594)          (872,677)
Reserves                                                                                 C.5                (60,584)            (33,789)

Total equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company                                          1,083,420              518,381



The Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                         57
Financial Statements


Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 30 June 2021




                                                                                                           Equity settled employee

                                                                Accumulated losses
                                                                                     Foreign currency
                                                                                                           benefits reserve          Warrant reserve
                                              Share capital                          translation reserve                                                  Other reserve

                                                                A$ ‘000                                    A$ ‘000                   A$ ‘000              A$ ‘000
                                                                                                                                                                             Total
                                   Note       A$ ‘000                                A$ ‘000                                                                                 A$ ‘000


 Balance at 1 July 2020                   1,424,847           (872,677)               (111,771)              51,708                  21,765               4,509             518,381
 Other comprehensive
 loss for the year                                        –                     –    (24,750)                                –                     –                  –     (24,750)
 Total profit for the year                                –    157,083                              –                        –                     –                  –     157,083

 Total comprehensive                                      –    157,083               (24,750)                                –                     –                  –    132,333
 profit for the year

 Issue of shares, net of
 issues costs                               413,867                             –                   –                        –                     –                  –     413,867
 Conversion of convertible
 bonds                             C.4       20,884                             –                   –                        –                     –      (4,509)            16,375
 Employee remuneration
 settled through share-
 based payments                    E.7                    –                     –                   –          2,464                               –                  –      2,464

 Balance at 30 June 2021                  1,859,598           (715,594)              (136,521)              54,172                   21,765                           –   1,083,420




 Balance at 1 July 2019                   1,398,264           (853,282)              (98,907)                 50,163                 34,094                5,065           535,397
 Other comprehensive
 loss for the year                                        –                     –     (12,864)                               –                     –                  –     (12,864)
 Total loss for the year                                  –     (19,395)                            –                        –                     –                  –     (19,395)

 Total comprehensive                                      –    (19,395)              (12,864)                                –                     –                  –    (32,259)
 loss for the year

 Conversion of convertible
 bonds                             C.4         2,668                            –                   –                        –                     –          (556)            2,112
 Exercise of warrants              C.4        23,915                            –                   –                        –       (12,329)                         –      11,586
 Employee remuneration
 settled through share-
 based payments                    E.7                    –                     –                   –            1,545                             –                  –       1,545

 Balance at 30 June 2020                  1,424,847           (872,677)              (111,771)              51,708                   21,765               4,509             518,381




The Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




58                                                                                                                                                     www.LynasRareEarths.com
Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows
For the year ended 30 June 2021




                                                                                                             2021       2020
                                                                                       Note               A$ ‘000     A$ ‘000

Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts from customers                                                                                  465,422       321,815
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                     (242,348)     (266,814)
Payments for discharge of rehabilitation obligation                                     D.5                      –     (14,916)
Royalties paid                                                                                              (7,735)     (7,748)
Income taxes paid                                                                                            (274)       (266)

Net cash from operating activities                                                      C.1              215,065       32,071

Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for property, plant and equipment and development expenditure                                   (40,444)      (12,089)
Security bonds paid                                                                                           (83)         (39)
Security bonds refunded                                                                                         19           6
Interest received                                                                                           2,505       2,886
Deposit as collateral for AELB                                                                               (255)     (12,530)
Investment in term deposit                                                                              (100,000)            –

Net cash used in investing activities                                                                   (138,258)      (21,766)

Cash flows from financing activities
Interest and other financing costs paid                                                                     (6,431)     (7,030)
Proceeds from the issue of share capital                                                                 425,324        11,628
Payments related to the issue of share capital                                                             (11,458)          –
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                             (1,844)      (2,602)

Net cash provided from financing activities                                                              405,591        1,996

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                482,398        12,301
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                     101,731     89,710
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations (net) on cash held                                                    (3,302)       (280)

Closing cash and cash equivalents                                                       C.1             580,827        101,731




The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                59
Financial Statements




Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021




ABOUT THIS REPORT
Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the “Company”) is a for-profit company domiciled and incorporated in Australia.
The financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited as at and for the year ended 30 June 2021 comprises the Company
and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”). The financial report was approved by the Board of
Directors (the “Directors”) on 27 August 2021.
The Group is principally engaged in the extraction and processing of rare earth minerals, primarily in Australia and
Malaysia.
The address of the registered office of the Company is Suite 1, 1st Floor 45 Royal Street, East Perth 6004, Australia.



BASIS OF PREPARATION
Statement of compliance
The financial report is a general purpose financial report and has been prepared in accordance with Australian
Accounting Standards (“AASs”) issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (“AASB”) and the Corporations
Act 2001.
The financial report also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards and Interpretations (“IFRS”) as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).

Going concern
The financial report has been prepared using the going concern assumption.

Basis of measurement
The financial report has been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for the borrowings which are at
amortised cost.
Information as disclosed in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the current year is for the 12 month period ended
30 June 2021. Information for the comparative year is for the 12 month period ended 30 June 2020.

Consolidation of subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company or the Group. Control is achieved when the Company or Group
has power over the investee, is exposed, or has the rights to variable returns from its involvement with the investee;
and has the ability to use its power to affect its returns. In assessing control, potential voting rights that are presently
exercisable are taken into account. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the financial report from
the date control (or effective control) commences until the date that control ceases. As per Note E.4 all entities
within the Group are 100% owned and controlled.
Intra-group balances and unrealised items of income and expense arising from intra-group transactions are elim-
inated in preparing the financial report. Unrealised gains arising from transactions with associates are eliminated
against the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the
same manner as gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

Rounding of amounts
The Company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191 issued by the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission, in relation to the “rounding off” of amounts. Amounts in the Directors’ Report and
Financial Report have been rounded off, in accordance with the Instrument, to the nearest thousand dollars, unless
otherwise stated.




60                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
Change in company name
In accordance with a resolution passed by shareholders during the AGM held on 26 November 2020, during the half
year, the name of the company was changed from Lynas Corporation Limited to Lynas Rare Earths Limited.

Currency and foreign exchange
The financial report of the Company and the Group is presented in Australian Dollars (“AUD”), which is both the
Company’s and the Group’s presentation currency.
Items included in the financial report of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).

Foreign currency transactions
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing on the
dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date
are translated to the functional currency of the respective entities at the exchange rate at that date. Non-monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated to the
functional currency of the respective entities at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency of the
respective entities at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined.
Foreign currency differences arising on translation are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a
component of the profit or loss.

Foreign operations
The results and financial position of those entities that have a functional currency different from the presentation
currency of the Group are translated into the Group’s presentation currency as follows:
   • assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the
      reporting date of the statement of financial position;
   • income and expense items for each profit or loss item are translated at average exchange rates;
   • items of other comprehensive income are translated at average exchange rates; and
   • all resulting exchange differences are recognised as a separate component of equity.
As at 30 June 2021, the entities that have a different functional currency to the Group’s presentation currency (AUD)
are Lynas Africa Limited, Lynas USA LLC (USD functional currency) and Lynas Malaysia Sdn Bhd (MYR functional
currency).

Change in functional currency
The functional currency of Lynas Rare Earths Ltd (Parent entity) has been USD. Following the equity raise and extin-
guishment of the convertible bonds, management exercised its judgement that the functional currency changed.
This judgement was influenced by the Parent entity primarily holding investments in its operating subsidiaries and
raising its funding (debt and equity) in Australian dollars (“AUD”).
The change in functional currency to AUD is accounted for prospectively from 31 August 2020. All items are trans-
lated into the new functional currency using the exchange rate at the date of the change. The resultant translated
amounts for non-monetary items are thereafter treated as their historical cost.

Foreign exchange risk management
As a result of the Group’s international operations, foreign exchange risk exposures exist on purchases, assets and
borrowings that are denominated in foreign currencies (i.e. currencies other than the functional currency of each of
the Group’s operating entities). The currencies in which these transactions are primarily denominated are the AUD,
USD and MYR.
The Group takes advantage of natural offsets to the extent possible. Therefore, when commercially feasible, the
Group borrows in the same currencies in which cash flows from operations are generated. Generally the Group
does not use forward exchange contracts to hedge residual foreign exchange risk arising from receipts and
payments denominated in foreign currencies. However, when considered appropriate the Group may enter into
forward exchange contracts to hedge foreign exchange risk arising from specific transactions.
The Group’s primary exposure to foreign exchange risk is on the translation of net assets of Group entities which are
denominated in currencies other than AUD, which is the Group’s presentation currency. The impact of movements
in exchange rates is recognised primarily in the other comprehensive income component of the Group’s statement
of comprehensive income.



Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                         61
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




BASIS OF PREPARATION continued

Certain subsidiaries within the Group are exposed to foreign exchange risk on purchases denominated in curren-
cies that are not the functional currency of that subsidiary. In these circumstances, a change in exchange rates
would impact the net operating profit recognised in the profit or loss component of the Group’s statement of
comprehensive income. Details of this exposure is detailed in the capital risks in Section C of this report.



A. EARNINGS FOR THE YEAR
This section includes the results and performance of the Group. It includes segmental information and details
about the Group’s tax position.


A.1      Segment revenue and expenses
AASB 8 Operating Segments (“AASB 8”) requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal
reports about components of the Group that are regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Makers
(CODM) in order to allocate resources to the segment and to assess its performance.

At year end, the Group’s CODM are the Board of Directors of the Company, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief
Financial Officer, the VP Upstream, the VP Downstream, the General Counsel & Company Secretary, the VP
Malaysia, the VP People & Culture and the VP Strategy and Investor Relations. Information reported to the Group’s
CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of performance currently focuses on the operation of
the Group’s integrated rare earth extraction and process facilities.

The Group has only one reportable segment under AASB 8 being its rare earth operations. The CODM does not
review the business activities of the Group based on geography.

All of the Group’s revenue is derived through the sale of Rare Earth products and is sold to non-Australian
customers.

The accounting policies applied by this segment are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Results from
operating activities represent the profit earned by this segment without allocation of interest income and expense
and income tax benefit (expense). The CODM assess the performance of the operating segment based on adjusted
EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net profit before income tax expense, net of financial expenses, deprecia-
tion and amortisation and adjusted to exclude certain significant items, including but not limited to such items as
employee remuneration settled through share-based payments, restructuring costs, unrealised gains or losses on
derivatives, gains or losses on the sale of non-strategic assets, asset impairments and write downs.

66% (FY20:76%) of the Group’s non-current assets are located in Malaysia and the remaining 34% (FY20: 24%) are in
Australia.

Recognition and measurement
Revenue
Rare Earth Product sales:
The Group derives revenue from the sale of rare earth products, which are governed by a sales contract with
their customers. Revenue is recognised in relation to rare earth sales at the time control transfers to customers
at the date of loading/shipment. Sales made under CIF incoterms, where the Group is responsible for freight and
shipping, are generally recognised at the point in time when the rare earth products are loaded onto the vessel for
shipment. In these sales, the freight and shipping service represents a separate performance obligation to the sale
of the rare earth products. For those sales not made under CIF incoterms, this timing is upon the delivery of the rare
earth products.

Provisionally priced sales:
Certain of the Group’s sales are provisionally priced, where the final price depends on the sale price of products
sold to a third party outside of the Lynas transaction. Adjustments to the sales price occur based on movements in
market prices up to the secondary point of sale. Under AASB 15 any fair value adjustments on receivables subject
to Quotational Pricing (QP) are recognised in other revenue and not included in revenue from contracts with
customers.




62                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
Shipping services:
As noted above, a portion of the Group’s rare earth product sales are sold on CIF incoterms, whereby the Group
is responsible for providing freight and shipping services after the date that it transfers control of the rare earth
products to the customer. Under AASB 15, it has been concluded that freight and shipping represent a separate
performance obligation and that the Group acts as principal. As a result, a portion of the transaction price is now
required to be allocated to this performance obligation and will be recognised over time on a gross basis as the
services are provided. The Group has concluded that for the FY21 period the amount is insignificant and therefore
not disclosed separately in Note A.1.

Royalties
Obligations arising from royalty arrangements are recognised as current liabilities and included as part of the cost
of goods sold in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of profit or loss. Lynas currently pays
royalties to the Western Australian Department of Minerals and Petroleum for the export of Rare Earth concentrate
to Malaysia.

Financial Income and Expenses
Financial income comprises interest income and gains on derivative financial instruments in respect of investing
activities that are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss.
Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method.

Financial expenses comprise interest expense, impairment losses recognised on financial assets (except for trade
receivables) and losses in respect of financing activities on derivative instruments that are recognised in the
statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss. All borrowing costs not qualifying for
capitalisation are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss using
the effective interest method.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                          63
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




A.1 Segment revenue and expenses continued
                                                       For the year ended 30 June 2021               For the year ended 30 June 2020

                                                                                         Total                                           Total
                                                    Rare Earth      Corporate/     Continuing      Rare Earth      Corporate/      Continuing
                                                    operations     Unallocated     Operations      operations     Unallocated      Operations
                                                        A$’000         A$’000          A$’000          A$’000         A$’000           A$’000


Business segment reporting
Revenue from contracts with customers                 506,005                –       506,005         314,088                –         314,088
Other revenue:
  Revenue adjustments                                   (16,981)             –         (16,981)        (8,977)              –          (8,977)

Total revenue                                        489,024                 –       489,024          305,111               –         305,111

Cost of sales (excl depreciation)                     (239,419)              –       (239,419)      (205,802)               –        (205,802)
Cost of sales (depreciation)                           (62,823)              –        (62,823)        (51,538)              –          (51,538)

Gross profit                                          186,782                –       186,782           47,771               –          47,771
Employee and production costs net of
costs recovered through production                      (2,383)         (3,297)        (5,680)        (17,048)         (4,665)         (21,713)
Depreciation expenses net of cost
recovered through production                              (502)         (2,459)         (2,961)        (13,250)        (1,230)        (14,480)
Other general and administration
expenses(1)                                              (9,412)         (9,101)       (18,513)       (13,524)         (8,267)         (21,791)
Total general and admin expenses                       (12,297)       (14,847)        (27,154)       (43,822)         (14,162)       (57,984)

Other income(2)                                               –           1,155           1,155              –           961               961
Other expenses                                                –               –               –              –           (66)               (66)
Net foreign exchange gain                                     –          8,717           8,717               –         4,093            4,093
Asset write-offs                                              –               –               –         (1,020)            –            (1,020)

Profit / (loss) before interest and tax
(“EBIT”)                                              174,485          (4,985)       169,500            2,929          (9,174)         (6,245)
Other financial income                                                                  2,927                                            2,662
Financial expenses                                                                    (14,940)                                         (15,573)

Profit / (loss) before income tax                                                    157,487                                           (19,156)
Income tax expense                                                                      (404)                                             (239)

Profit /(loss) for the year                                                           157,083                                         (19,395)

Reconciliation of EBIT to Earnings
before interest, tax, depreciation and
amortisation (“EBITDA”)
EBIT                                                   174,485          (4,985)       169,500          2,929           (9,174)         (6,245)
Depreciation and amortisation                           63,325           2,459         65,784         64,787            1,230          66,017

EBITDA                                                237,810          (2,526)       235,284           67,716         (7,944)          59,722
Included in EBITDA:
Non-cash employee remuneration
settled through share based payments
comprising:
  Share based payments expense
  for the year                                                –         2,464           2,464               –           1,545           1,545
Other income                                                  –          (1,155)         (1,155)            –             (961)           (961)
Other non-cash transactions                                   –               –               –         1,020                –          1,020

Adjusted EBITDA                                       237,810           (1,217)      236,593          68,736          (7,360)          61,376

Total assets                                         868,004         609,586        1,477,590       870,680           65,445          936,125
Total liabilities                                    (215,350)       (178,820)       (394,170)      (257,957)       (159,787)        (417,744)

(1)	Other general and administration expenses include statutory, consulting, insurance, IT, marketing and general office costs.
(2) 	Other income in FY20 relates to Jobkeeper support to Mt Weld for the period April 2020 – June 2020, as well as other support measures
     in Malaysia. Other income in FY21 relates to grants received for submissions for engineering work performed in relation to a Heavy Rare
     Earths facility in the U.S. A small additional amount related to the extinguishment of lease liabilities.



64                                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
A.2      Financial income and expenses

                                                                    For the year ended 30 June

                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                       A$ ‘000           A$ ‘000

Interest income on cash and cash equivalents                             2,927             2,662

Total financial income                                                   2,927            2,662

Interest expense on financial liabilities:
  Interest expense on JARE loan facility                                (5,400)           (6,031)
  Interest expense on convertible bond facility                            (34)             (405)
  Unwinding of effective interest on convertible bond facility             (134)           (1,501)
  Unwinding of effective interest on JARE loan facility                  (6,146)          (6,449)
  Non-cash adjustment to financial liabilities                             995               413
Interest capitalised to qualifying assets                                  751                   –
Unwinding of discount on restoration and rehabilitation provision       (4,340)           (3,189)
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                      (96)             (232)
Discount unwinding on AELB deposit                                         386              270
Financing transaction costs and fees                                      (610)            (604)
Unrealised foreign exchange (loss) / gain on intercompany balance          (312)           2,155

Total financial expenses                                               (14,940)          (15,573)

Net financial expenses                                                  (12,013)          (12,911)




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                   65
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




A.3      Earnings / (loss) per share
Recognition and measurement
Basic earnings / (loss) per share amounts are calculated by dividing net loss or profit for the year attributable to
ordinary equity holders of the parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
year.
Diluted earnings / (loss) per share adjusts the amount used in the determination of the basic earnings per share to
take into account the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential
ordinary shares and the weighted average number of additional shares that would have been outstanding
assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. Potential ordinary shares are treated as dilutive
when, and only when, their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease earnings per share from continuing
operations.
The earnings and weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculations of basic and diluted
earnings / (loss) per share are as follows:

                                                                                                 As at 30 June

                                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                                              A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Net earnings / (loss) attributed to ordinary shareholders                                     158,096              (19,395)

Earnings / (loss) used in calculating basic earnings per share                               158,096              (19,395)

Net earnings impact of assumed conversions of diluted EPS                                           –                    –

Earnings / (loss) used in calculating diluted earnings per share                             158,096              (19,395)


                                                                                                 ‘000                ‘000

Number of ordinary shares on issue (‘000)                                                     901,079             699,209
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating
basic earnings per share (‘000)                                                              868,750             694,085
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating
diluted earnings per share (‘000)                                                             873,197             714,749


                                                                                            cents per            cents per
                                                                                               share                share

Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                      18.08                (2.79)
Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                                    17.99                (2.79)


The following dilutive shares are included in the share base for the calculation of dilutive earnings per share:

                                                                                                 As at 30 June

                                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                                                 ‘000                 ‘000

Performance rights                                                                              4,335               4,462
Unlisted convertible bonds
(Conversion price: $1.00 at a set exchange rate of A$1.00 = US$0.75)                                –              16,203

Total                                                                                          4,335               20,665




66                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
A.4      Income taxes
A.4.1    Income tax expense
                                                                                           For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                                 2021             2020
                                                                                              A$ ‘000           A$ ‘000

Current tax
Current tax expense in respect of the current year                                               404               239
Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the current tax in prior years             –                  –

Total financial expenses                                                                         404               239

Deferred tax
Deferred tax expense recognised in the year                                                          –                  –

Total income tax expense relating to the continuing operations                                   404               239


A.4.2 Reconciliation of income tax to tax expense
                                                                                           For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                                 2021             2020
                                                                                              A$ ‘000           A$ ‘000

Profit / (loss) before tax for continuing operations                                          157,487            (19,156)
Income tax expense / (benefit) calculated at 30% (2020: 30%)                                   47,246            (5,747)
Add / (deduct):
  Effect of expenses that are not deductible and income that is not assessable
  in determining taxable profit                                                                 (1,409)            904
  Effect of foreign exchange gains and losses                                                        –           (1,200)
  Deferred tax relating to the origination of and reversal of temporary differences                  –             999
  Effect of difference in tax rate in subsidiaries and branches                                    (111)            (66)
  Effect of current year losses not recognised                                                    647             2,140
  Tax effect of prior period losses previously unrecognised, recognised in the
  current year                                                                                (45,930)                  –
  Other adjustments                                                                               (39)            3,209

Total current year income tax expense                                                            404               239




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                          67
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




A.4      Income taxes continued

A.4.3 Movements in deferred tax balances
                                                     Balance     Recognised                                   Balance
                                                  at 30 June        in profit     Relating   Recognised    at 30 June
                                                        2020          or loss    to equity        in OCI          2021
                                                      A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000

Temporary differences
Inventory                                              (839)             (55)           –             –          (894)
Development expenditure                             (18,846)            495             –             –        (18,351)
Property, plant and equipment                         2,244            1,020            –             –         3,264
Borrowings                                           13,483           (3,030)           –             –        10,453
Trade payables                                          109               17            –             –           126
Business related costs                                  224              (77)       3,437             –         3,584
Lease liabilities                                       727              (311)          –             –           416
Provisions                                            14,415             431            –             –        14,846

                                                      11,517          (1,510)      3,437              –       13,444


(Unrecognised) / recognised deferred tax assets       (11,517)         1,510       (3,437)            –       (13,444)

Net deferred tax asset / (liability) recognised            –               –            –             –             –


                                                     Balance     Recognised                                   Balance
                                                  at 30 June        in profit     Relating   Recognised    at 30 June
                                                         2019         or loss    to equity        in OCI         2020
                                                      A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000

Temporary differences
Inventory                                              (872)              33            –             –          (839)
Development expenditure                              (14,176)         (4,670)           –             –       (18,846)
Property, plant and equipment                          2,313             (69)           –             –         2,244
Borrowings                                            11,476          2,007             –             –        13,483
Trade payables                                           118              (9)           –             –           109
Business related costs                                     –            224             –             –           224
Lease liabilities                                          –            727             –             –           727
Provisions                                           12,488            1,927            –             –        14,415

                                                     11,347             170             –             –         11,517


(Unrecognised) / recognised deferred tax assets      (11,347)           (170)           –             –        (11,517)

Net deferred tax asset / (liability) recognised            –               –            –             –             –




68                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
A.4.4 Unrecognised deferred tax assets
                                                                                                  As at 30 June

                                                                                                  2021              2020
                                                                                               A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses for which no
deferred tax assets have been recognised are attributable to the following:
Gross revenue losses
Australia                                                                                       99,083            136,049
Malaysia                                                                                       160,370            172,422
United States                                                                                     1,919                 –
Malawi                                                                                             458                221

Gross capital losses
Australia                                                                                         2,145             2,145

Capital allowances
Malaysia                                                                                        64,881            269,250

Deductible temporary differences (tax effected)                                                 13,444              11,517


Recognition and measurement
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised
directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised with the associated items on a net
basis. Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year using tax rates enacted or substan-
tially enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
Deferred tax is recognised using the balance sheet method of providing for temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the carrying amounts for taxation
purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for the following temporary differences: the initial recognition of goodwill,
the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects
neither accounting nor taxable profit, and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled
entities to the extent that they probably will not reverse in the foreseeable future and the Group is in a position to
control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are
expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have been enacted
or substantially enacted at the reporting date.
A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
which the temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are
reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.
Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised at the same time the liability to
pay the related dividend is recognised. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the same jurisdiction are offset
in the statement of financial position only to the extent that there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred balances relate to taxes levied by the same taxing authority and
are expected either to be settled on a net basis or realised simultaneously.

Tax consolidation
The Company and its wholly-owned Australian resident entities have formed a tax-consolidated group with effect
from 1 July 2002 and are therefore taxed as a single entity from that date. The head entity within the tax-consol-
idated group is Lynas Rare Earths Limited. Current tax liabilities and assets and deferred tax assets arising from
unused tax losses and relevant tax credits of the members of the tax-consolidated group are recognised by the
Company (as head entity in the tax-consolidated group).




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                           69
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




A.4      Income taxes continued

A.4.4 Unrecognised deferred tax assets continued
Entities within the tax-consolidated group have entered into a tax sharing agreement with the Company. The tax
sharing agreement entered into between members of the tax-consolidated group provides for the determination
of the allocation of income tax liabilities between the entities should the Company default on its tax payment
obligations or if an entity should leave the tax-consolidated group. The effect of the tax sharing agreement is that
each member’s liability for tax payable by the tax-consolidated group is limited to the amount payable to the head
entity under the tax funding arrangement.


  KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

  Recognition of deferred tax assets
  Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can
  be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together with future tax
  planning strategies. In making the assessment, the Group has given specific due consideration to:
      • The pioneer period status (tax holiday) in relation to the Malaysian operations through to 2026, subject to
        renewal in 2019. This renewal continues to be pending approval at the date of this report, however Lynas
        believes it is highly probable it will be renewed. Whilst the formal renewal is pending, Lynas has offset
        taxable profits in Malaysia against its carry forward losses as follows:
        • Tax losses generated during this period will be utilised prior to the tax exemption being applied, with
           any unused losses available for utilisation by the Group once the pioneer period expires.
        • Tax losses generated prior to the pioneer period will remain available for use offsetting non-pioneer
           profits during the pioneer period for a period of 7 years after incurring the loss. At 30 June 2021,
           losses in Malaysia consist of AUD65m (MYR 202m) in capital allowances and AUD160m (MYR 498m)
           in business losses. There is uncertainty if these losses will be utilised as they will have expired at the
           conclusion of the pioneer period under the 7 year carry forward period.
      • Despite utilisation of $37m of tax losses in Australia in FY21, there remains ongoing uncertainty in relation
        to the probability and quantum of Australian taxable profits for the Group. Key uncertainty relates to:
        • The ongoing impact of COVID-19 in the market and locations that Lynas operates and sells to.
        • The investment and construction of the Lynas Kalgoorlie project, and its impact on sales out of
           Australia during commissioning in FY23 and full operations from FY24 onward.
        • The volatility of the Rare Earth prices.

  Based on these factors, the Group has not recognised a deferred tax asset in excess of the deferred tax liability
  at 30 June 2021. The potential deferred tax asset related to revenue losses and deductible temporary differ-
  ence not bought to account is $97.9m.




70                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
B. PRODUCTION AND EXPLORATION ASSETS
This section includes information about the recognition, measurement, depreciation, amortisation and impairment
considerations of the core producing and exploration assets of the Group.

B.1      Property, plant and equipment and mine development
Recognition and measurement
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses (if any).
Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of property, plant
and equipment acquired in a business combination is determined by reference to its fair value at the date of
acquisition. The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of materials and direct labour and any other costs
directly attributable to bringing the asset to a working condition for its intended use. Cost may also include transfers
from equity of any gains or losses on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of property, plant
and equipment. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as
part of the cost of that equipment.

Assets under construction
Assets under construction are transferred to the appropriate asset category when they are ready for their intended
use.

Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of an item of property, plant and equipment
are capitalised until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use. The interest rate used
equates to the weighted effective interest on debt where general borrowings are used or the relevant interest
rate where specific borrowings are used to finance the construction. During FY21, a capitalisation rate of 6.7% was
applied.

Subsequent costs
The cost of replacing part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount of the
item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within that part will flow to the Group and its cost
can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. The costs of the day-to-day
servicing of property, plant and equipment are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a compo-
nent of the profit or loss as incurred.

Depreciation
Depreciation is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss or capi-
talised as a component of inventory in the statement of financial position (which is subsequently released to the
profit or loss through the cost of goods sold on the sale of the underlying product) using a method that reflects the
pattern in which the economic benefits embodied within the asset are consumed. Generally, this is on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful life of each part or component of an item of property, plant and equipment.
The estimated useful lives for the material classes of property, plant and equipment are as follows:
 Leasehold land                    30 to 99 years
 Plant and equipment               2 to 30 years
 Leasehold improvements            3 to 30 years
 Rehabilitation assets             20 to 30 years
 Buildings                         5 to 30 years
 Fixtures and fittings             2 to 15 years
 Motor vehicles                    8 years

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reassessed on an annual basis.
Gains and losses on the disposal of items of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the
proceeds (if any) at the time of disposal with the net carrying amount of the asset.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                        71
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




B.1      Property, plant and equipment and mine development continued

Development expenditure
Once an area of interest has been established as commercially viable and technically feasible, expenditure
other than that relating to land, buildings and plant and equipment is capitalised as development expenditure.
Development expenditure includes previously capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure, pre-production
development expenditure and other subsurface expenditure pertaining to that area of interest. Costs related to
surface plant and equipment and any associated land and buildings are accounted for as property, plant and
equipment.
Development costs are accumulated in respect of each separate area of interest. Costs associated with commis-
sioning new assets in the period before they are capable of operating in the manner intended by management, are
capitalised. Development costs incurred after the commencement of production are capitalised to the extent they
are expected to give rise to a future economic benefit.
When an area of interest is abandoned or the Directors decide that it is not commercially viable or technically
feasible, any accumulated costs in respect of that area are written off in full in the statement of comprehensive
income as a component of the profit or loss in the period in which the decision to abandon the area is made to the
extent that they will not be recoverable in the future.
Development assets are assessed for impairment if the facts and circumstance suggest that the carrying amount
exceed the recoverable amount. For the purpose of impairment testing, development assets are allocated to the
cash-generating units (“CGUs”) to which the development activity relates.

Deferred stripping
Overburden and other mine waste materials are often removed during the initial development of a mine in
order to access the mineral deposit. This activity is referred to as development or pre-production stripping. The
directly attributable costs associated with these activities are capitalised as a component of development costs.
Capitalisation of development stripping ceases and amortisation of those capitalised costs commences upon
extraction of ore. Amortisation of capitalised development stripping costs occurs on a unit of production basis with
reference to the life of mine of the relevant area of interest.
Removal of waste material normally continues through the life of a mine. This activity is referred to as production
stripping and commences upon the extraction of ore.

Amortisation of development
Amortisation of development is recognised either in the statement of comprehensive income as a component
of the profit or loss or capitalised as a component of inventory in the statement of financial position (which is
subsequently released to the profit or loss through the cost of goods sold on the sale of the underlying product)
on a units of production basis which aims to recognise cost proportionally to the depletion of the economically
recoverable mineral resources. Costs are amortised from the commencement of commercial production.




  KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

  Development Expenditure
  Development activities commence after project sanctioning by the appropriate level of management and
  the Board. Judgement is applied by management in determining when a project is economically viable. In
  exercising this judgement, management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions as described
  above for capitalised development expenditure. Any such estimates and assumptions may change as new
  information becomes available. If, after having commenced the development activity, a judgement is made
  that a development asset is impaired, the appropriate amount will be written off to the statement of compre-
  hensive income.

  Stripping Asset
  As with many mining operations similar to Mt Weld, overburden and other mine waste materials are often
  removed during the initial development of a mine in order to access the mineral deposit. The extraction of
  the ore body itself will also include a waste component extracted during the mining campaign. The costs of
  extraction of both these elements form the stripping costs. Judgement is required to identify a suitable alloca-
  tion basis to apportion the stripping costs between inventory and any stripping assets for each component.


72                                                                                             www.LynasRareEarths.com
  The Group considers that the ratio of the expected volume of waste to be stripped for an expected volume
  of ore to be mined for a specific component of the ore body, to be the most suitable production measure. An
  identifiable component is a specific volume of the ore body that is made more accessible by the stripping
  activity.

  Pre-Production Stripping
  The Group has determined that the overburden removal where no ore is recovered forms part of a pre-pro-
  duction stripping asset and has been determined to provide more accessibility to the total ore body and is
  amortised on this basis.

  Production Stripping ratio
  The Group has adopted a policy of deferring production stage stripping costs and amortising them on a
  units-of-production basis. Judgement is required in determining the contained ore units for each mining
  campaign.
  Estimation of mineral reserves and resources – refer to Note B.2


                                                                                                                                                                 Development
                                                                     Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                                                                                 Expenditure



                                               Buildings plant                                                                                                        Pre-production /
                              Leasehold land
                                                                                                              Rehabilitation   Leasehold                Development
                                                                 Fixtures and   Right of Use   Assets under
                                               and equipment                                                  asset            improvements                           Stripping asset
                                                                 fittings       Assets         construction                                             expenditure
                              $’000            $’000                                                                                                                  $’000
                                                                                                                                              Total                                       Total
                                                                 $’000          $’000          $’000          $’000            $’000          $’000     $’000                             $’000


 As at 30 June 2021
 Cost                        28,069 881,322                         7,140          3,291       50,886         174,194           19,825 1,164,727        24,889         18,358            43,247
 Accumulated
 impairment losses                         – (182,776)               (377)               –         (236)                 –       (7,189) (190,578)       (3,436)                   –     (3,436)
 Accumulated
 depreciation                 (3,702) (332,107)                   (6,038)         (1,657)               –     (18,235)            (5,113) (366,852)       (6,413)        (5,051)         (11,464)

 Carrying amount             24,367 366,439                           725         1,634        50,650 155,959                    7,523 607,297          15,040        13,307             28,347

 Opening cost                29,705 920,798                         7,267         4,873           8,123       186,125          20,977 1,177,868         25,050         18,358            43,408
 Opening accumulated
 impairment and
 depreciation                  (3,617) (487,034)                  (6,059)        (2,603)           (258) (12,825) (12,382) (524,778)                      (9,716)      (4,874) (14,590)

 Opening
 carrying amount             26,088 433,764                        1,208          2,270          7,865 173,300                   8,595 653,090          15,334        13,484             28,818

 Additions                                 –      2,422                 87         1,235       42,279                    –              –     46,023         172                   –        172
 Disposals                                 –               –              –              –              –                –              –          –             –                 –           –
 Depreciation expense             (289) (51,846)                     (538)        (1,825)               –       (5,962)            (609) (61,069)                –                 –           –
 Amortisation expense                      –               –              –              –              –                –              –          –       (466)             (177)         (643)
 Change in rehabilitation
 obligations                               –               –              –              –              –      (3,689)                  –     (3,689)            –                 –           –
 Capitalised interest                      –               –              –              –           751                 –              –        751             –                 –           –
 Foreign currency
 translation                   (1,432)          (17,901)               (32)           (46)         (245)       (7,690)             (463) (27,809)                –                 –           –

 Carrying amount
 at 30 June 2021             24,367 366,439                           725         1,634        50,650 155,959                    7,523 607,297          15,040        13,307             28,347


Restrictions on the title of property plant and equipment and development assets are outlined in Note C.3.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                                                                                73
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




B.1      Property, plant and equipment and mine development continued

                                                                                                                                                                 Development
                                                                     Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                                                                                 Expenditure



                                               Buildings plant                                                                                                        Pre-production /
                              Leasehold land
                                                                                                              Rehabilitation   Leasehold                Development
                                                                 Fixtures and   Right of Use   Assets under
                                               and equipment                                                  asset            improvements                           Stripping asset
                                                                 fittings       Assets         construction                                             expenditure
                              $’000            $’000                                                                                                                  $’000
                                                                                                                                              Total                                      Total
                                                                 $’000          $’000          $’000          $’000            $’000          $’000     $’000                            $’000


 As at 30 June 2020
 Cost                        29,705 920,798                         7,267         4,873           8,123       186,125          20,977 1,177,868         25,050         18,358            43,408
 Accumulated
 impairment losses                         – (193,463)               (401)               –         (258)                 –      (7,608) (201,730)        (3,725)                   –      (3,725)
 Accumulated
 depreciation                  (3,617) (293,571)                  (5,658)        (2,603)                –     (12,825)          (4,774) (323,048)         (5,991)      (4,874) (10,865)

 Carrying amount             26,088 433,764                        1,208          2,270          7,865 173,300                   8,595 653,090          15,334        13,484             28,818

 Opening cost                30,245 903,749                        7,460                 –        6,105       105,120            21,301 1,073,980 39,759               18,078            57,837
 Opening accumulated
 impairment and
 depreciation                 (4,190) (416,811)                   (5,894)                –         (253)       (8,432)          (11,938) (447,518) (24,139)                 (767) (24,906)

 Opening carrying
 amount                      26,055 486,938                        1,566                 –       5,852 96,688                    9,363 626,462          15,620           17,311          32,931

 Additions                                 –      5,678                134             119        7,252                  –            79      13,262        202             280             482
 Additions arising from
 implementation of
 AASB 16                                   –               –              –       4,766                 –                –              –     4,766              –                 –           –
 Disposals                                 –               –              –              –              –                –              –          –             –                 –           –
 Depreciation expense             (395) (58,580)                     (542)        (2,621)               –       (3,875)            (744) (66,757)           (310)       (4,107)           (4,417)
 Amortisation expense                      –               –              –              –              –                –              –          –             –                 –           –
 Transfers of assets under
 construction                              –      4,819                 48               –     (4,884)                   –             17          –             –                 –           –
 Change in rehabilitation
 obligations                               –               –              –              –              –     83,295                    –     83,295             –                 –           –
 Asset write offs                          –        (778)                 –              –              –                –              –      (778)        (178)                  –        (178)
 Foreign currency
 translation                       428            (4,313)                 2              6         (355)       (2,808)              (120)     (7,160)            –                 –           –

 Carrying amount
 at 30 June 2020             26,088 433,764                        1,208          2,270          7,865 173,300                   8,595 653,090          15,334        13,484             28,818


Restrictions on the title of property plant and equipment and development assets are outlined in Note C.3.




74                                                                                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
B.2      Impairment of non-current assets
The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-financial assets are reviewed at least annually to determine whether
there is any indication of impairment. If any such indicators exist then the asset or CGU’s recoverable amount is
estimated. For intangible assets that have indefinite lives or that are not yet available for use, recoverable amounts
are estimated at least annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its recoverable amount.
A CGU is the smallest identifiable asset group that generates cash flows that are largely independent from other
assets and groups. Impairment losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component
of the profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of a CGU are allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other non-financial
assets in the CGU on a pro-rata basis.
The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In
assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset
or CGU. In assessing the fair value less cost to sell, the Company uses a variety of methods and assumptions that
are based on market conditions and risks existing at each reporting date. The methods used to determine fair value
include a discounted future cash flows analysis and adjusted EBITDA (forecasted) multiplied by a relevant market
indexed multiple.
In respect of assets other than goodwill, impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each reporting
date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has
been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only
to the extent that the asset’s revised carrying amount will not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined net of depreciation or amortisation if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Recognised impairment
There was no impairment expense recognised during FY21 (FY20: nil). There was no reversal of prior period impair-
ment loss recognised in FY21 (FY20: Nil).



  KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

  Reserve estimates and mine life
  Reserves are estimates of the amount of product that can be economically and legally extracted from the
  Group’s mining tenements. In order to calculate reserves, estimates and assumptions are required to be
  formulated about a range of geological, technical and economic factors including quantities, grades, produc-
  tion techniques, recovery rates, production costs, transportation costs, refining costs, commodity demand,
  commodity prices and exchange rates. Estimating the quantity and/or grade of reserves requires the size,
  shape and depth of the ore bodies or field to be determined by analysing geological data such as drilling
  samples. This process may require complex and difficult geological judgement and calculation to interpret
  the data.
  As the economic assumptions used to estimate reserves change from period to period, and because addi-
  tional geological data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of reserves may change from
  period to period. Changes in reported reserves may affect the Group’s financial results and financial position
  in a number of ways, including:
      • asset carrying values may be affected due to changes in the estimated future cash flows; and
      • depreciation and amortisation charges in the statement of comprehensive income may change as
        result of the change in the useful economic lives of assets.

  Mineral resources and ore reserves are reported in accordance with the Australian Code for Reporting of
  Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (“JORC Code”).

  Impairment of non-financial assets
  The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If
  any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the
  asset’s recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash generating
  unit’s (CGU) fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                       75
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




B.2      Impairment of non-current assets continued


  an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those
  from other assets or groups of assets. When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
  amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
  In assessing recoverable value, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
  discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
  asset. Where applicable, the fair value less costs to sell calculation is based on a 25-year discounted cash flow
  (DCF) model. The cash flows are derived from the two-year budget and forecast model that is extrapolated
  over 25 years and do not include restructuring activities that the Group is not yet committed to or significant
  future investments that will enhance the asset’s performance of the CGU being tested. The recoverable
  amount is sensitive to product price movement, the discount rate used for the discounted cash flows model
  as well as the expected future cash inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes.




76                                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
C. CASH, BORROWINGS AND CAPITAL
This section includes information about cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and capital position of the Company
at the end of the reporting period.

C.1       Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                             As at 30 June

                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                          A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Cash at bank and on hand                                                                 580,827              101,731

Total cash and cash equivalents                                                          580,827             101,731


Recognition and measurement
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term highly
liquid investments with maturities of less than three months.

Fair value and foreign exchange risk
The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates their fair value.
The Group’s cash and cash equivalents include A$327.7m in currencies other than Australian dollars, primarily
US$163.8m (30 June 2020: US$30.7m) and MYR 340.6m (30 June 2020: MYR 111.3m).

Reconciliation of the (loss) / profit for the year with the net cash from operating activities

                                                                                       For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                          A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Profit / (loss) for the year                                                              157,083            (19,395)

Adjustments for:
  Depreciation and amortisation                                                            65,784             66,018
  Employee remuneration settled through share-based payments                                2,464               1,545
  Net financial expenses                                                                    12,013              12,911
  (Gain) / loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
  other non-cash transactions                                                                (1,155)             1,151
  Income tax expense                                                                         404                 239
  Foreign exchange gain included in profit /(loss) for the year                             (8,717)           (4,093)
  Change in trade and other receivables                                                    (22,522)            5,678
  Change in inventories                                                                      1,525           (10,456)
  Change in operating trade and other payables                                               7,810              (7,112)
  Change in provisions (excluding additional rehabilitation obligation)                       376                 501
  Change in provisions (rehabilitation obligation)
                                                                                                 –           (14,916)
Net cash from operating activities                                                        215,065            32,071




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                       77
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




C.2       Short term deposits
                                                                                                                 As at 30 June

                                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                                             A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Short term deposits                                                                                          100,000                    –

Total short term deposits                                                                                   100,000                     –


Recognition and measurement
Short term deposits include deposits with a maturity between three and twelve months. These are held in fixed rate
deposit facilities.


C.3       Interest Bearing Liabilities
                                                                                                                 As at 30 June

                                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                                             A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Current borrowings
JARE loan facility(1)                                                                                         20,073               16,371
Convertible bonds                                                                                                   –              17,777

Total current borrowings                                                                                      20,073              34,148

Non-current borrowings
JARE loan facility                                                                                            151,049             164,851

Total non-current borrowings                                                                                 151,049             164,851

Principal value of convertible bond facility                                                                        –              18,228
Unamortised equity component                                                                                        –                (451)

Total convertible bond facility carrying amount                                                                     –             17,777

(1)	A payment of interest in respect of the period commencing on 1 January 2016 and ending on 31 December 2016 was deferred until
     October 2021 and is now classified as a current liability. Furthermore, in line with the repayment schedule below, payments of US$2m is
     due on 31 Dec 2021 and 30 June 2022. These have also been classified as current liabilities at 30 June 2021.


Recognition and measurement
Interest bearing loans and borrowings
Subsequent to initial recognition interest bearing loans and borrowings are measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest method.

Compound financial instruments
Compound financial instruments issued by the Group comprise convertible notes that can be converted to share
capital at the option of the holder, with the number of shares to be issued being fixed.
The liability component of a compound financial instrument is recognised initially at the fair value of a similar
financial liability that does not have the equity conversion option. The equity component is recognised initially as
the difference between the fair value of the compound financial instrument as a whole and the fair value of the
financial liability component. Any directly attributable transaction costs are then allocated to the liability and equity
components in proportion to their initial carrying amounts.




78                                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
Subsequent to the initial recognition, the liability component of a compound financial instrument is measured at
amortised cost using the effective interest method. The equity component of a compound financial instrument is
not re-measured subsequent to initial recognition.
Interest related to the financial liability is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of
the profit or loss. On conversion the financial liability is reclassified to equity and no gain or loss is recognised in the
statement of comprehensive income.


    KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

    Interest bearing loans and borrowings are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
    The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments through the
    expected life of the financial liability to the amortised cost of the liability. The Group has applied judgement
    and determined the appropriate rate for a similar instrument to be 6.5% (FY20: 6.5%). When the Group revises
    the estimates of future cash flows, the carrying amount of the financial liability is adjusted to reflect the new
    estimate discounted using the original effective rate. Any changes are recognised in the profit or loss.


Fair value and foreign exchange risk
The fair value of borrowings, which have been determined for disclosure purposes, is calculated by discounting the
future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rates that are available for similar financial instruments.
The fair value methodology adopted was categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. There has been no
change to the valuation technique during the year. These have been determined as follows:

                                                                                      As at 30 June 2021              As at 30 June 2020

                                                                                   Carrying              Fair       Carrying              Fair
                                                                                   amount             value*        amount             value*
                                                                                    A$ ‘000          A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000          A$ ‘000

JARE loan facility                                                                    171,122          171,122         181,222        181,222
Convertible bond facility                                                                   –                –          17,777         17,777

                                                                                      171,122         171,122        198,999         198,999

*   It is estimated that the carrying value of the JARE loan facility and convertible bond facility approximate fair value.


Terms and debt maturity schedule

                                                                                      As at 30 June 2021               As at 30 June 2020

                                                    Nominal
                                                    interest        Date of           Face          Carrying           Face          Carrying
                                     Currency           rate       maturity          value          amount            value          amount
                                                           %                       US$ ‘000          A$ ‘000        US$ ‘000          A$ ‘000

JARE loan facility                          USD            2.5% June 2030           156,505(1)         171,122       156,505(1)       181,222
Convertible bond facility                   USD          1.875%    Sept 2020                –                –          12,476         17,777

                                                                                    156,505           171,122         168,981        198,999

(1) The face value of the JARE loan facility includes US$145.0m in principal and US$11.5m in interest deferred until October 2021.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                               79
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




C.3      Interest Bearing Liabilities continued

Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                           30 June           Cash                                                                              30 June
                              2020          flows                          Non-cash Movements                                      2021

                                        Proceeds
                          Opening       / (Repay-      Effective      Foreign        Adjust-                                   Closing
                          Balance          ments)       Interest    Exchange         ment(1)        Other(2)      Reclass      Balance
                           A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000      A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000

JARE loan facility
(Current)                     16,371             –             –          (103)             –             –         3,805        20,073
JARE loan facility
(Non-Current)               164,851              –         6,145        (15,147)        (995)             –        (3,805)      151,049
Convertible bond
facility (Current)           17,777              –           134         (1,193)            –       (16,718)             –                –
Lease liability               2,960         (1,844)           96          (377)             –         1,235              –        2,070

Total                      201,959         (1,844)        6,375       (16,820)          (995)      (15,483)              –      173,192


                           30 June           Cash                                                                              30 June
                               2019         flows                          Non-cash Movements                                     2020

                                        Proceeds
                          Opening       / (Repay-      Effective      Foreign        Adjust-                                   Closing
                          Balance          ments)       Interest    Exchange         ment(1)        Other(2)      Reclass      Balance
                           A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000      A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000

JARE loan facility
(Current)                   29,308               –             –              –             –             –        (12,937)       16,371
JARE loan facility
(Non-Current)               142,562              –        6,449           3,316          (413)            –        12,937       164,851
Convertible bond
facility (Current)                 –             –             –              –             –             –        17,777         17,777
Convertible
bond facility
(Non-Current)                18,062              –          1,501          329              –         (2,115)      (17,777)               –
Lease liability                 597        (2,602)           80               –             –        4,885               –        2,960

Total                      190,529         (2,602)        8,030         3,645            (413)       2,770               –     201,959

(1)	Adjustments to the carrying values of the JARE loan during the year ended 30 June 2020 and 2021 relate to changes in the cash flow
     profile used to measure the carrying value of the loan.
(2)	Other non-cash movements in the convertible bond facility relates to conversions of the convertible bonds
     Other non-cash movements in the lease liability during the year ended 30 June 2020 and 2021 related to finance leases recognised in
     line with AASB 16.


C.4      Financing Facilities
Japan Australia Rare Earths B.V. (JARE) loan facility
An extension of the JARE loan facility was announced on 27 June 2019. As part of this extension, new terms were
agreed to as detailed below.
The maturity date of the JARE loan facility is 30 June 2030. The interest rate on this facility is 2.5% p.a. at 30 June 2021
(30 June 2020: 2.5% p.a.). Conditions linking the interest rate to the NdPr sales price in the previous facility have been
removed.




80                                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
Interest liabilities will be paid directly to the lenders at 31 December and 30 June each year. The payment of interest
in respect of the period commencing on 1 January 2016 and ending on 31 December 2016 is deferred to 31 October
2021 (with no penalty, and no additional interest).
There are a series of fixed repayments in the facility which have replaced the “Cash Sweep” mechanism in the
former facility. The details of the fixed repayments are as follows:

Repayment date                                                                                                         Amount

Each half-year from 31 Dec 2021 to 31 Dec 2023                                                         US$2m on each date
30 June 2024                                                                                                            US$5m
Each half-year from 31 Dec 2024 to 31 Dec 2027                                                         US$10m on each date
Each half-year from 30 June 2028 to 30 June 2030                                                       US$12m on each date


Japan will have the following priority supply rights until 2038:
   1. Any fundraising will not hinder Lynas’ ability to support Japanese industries diversifying their rare earths
      supply sources, in accordance with the Availability Agreement announced on 30 March 2011.
   2. Lynas shall ensure that in the event of competing demands from the Japanese market and a non-Japanese
      market for the supply by the Borrower or Lynas Malaysia for NdPr produced from the Lynas Malaysia plant,
      the Japanese market shall have priority of supply up to 7,200 tonnes per year subject to the terms of the
      Availability Agreement and to the extent that Lynas will not have any opportunity loss.
   3. JARE has rights of negotiation with Lynas in priority to non-Japanese market customers for the priority supply
      to the Japanese market of additional NdPr and Nd products produced by the Lynas 2025 Project.
   4. Lynas will continue to prioritize the needs of Japanese customers for the supply of Heavy Rare Earths products
      produced, to the extent possible under any agreement with the U.S.

To date, the JARE loan facility has been secured over all of the assets of the Group, other than the Malawi and
Malaysia assets.

Convertible bonds
As at 30 June 2021, the Company had no outstanding convertible bonds on issue. During the year, US$12.2m
convertible bonds were converted into shares. The average conversion price paid upon conversion of convertible
bonds during the year was $1 per share, with a conversion exchange rate of A$1.00 = US$0.750. The number of
ordinary shares into which the US$12.2m of bonds were converted during the year was 16.2m shares.

C.5      Contributed Equity
                                                                                            As at 30 June

                                                                                2021                            2020

                                                                     Number             Value of      Number           Value of
                                                                    of shares             shares     of shares           shares
                                                                         ‘000            A$ ‘000          ‘000          A$ ‘000

Balance at the beginning of the year                                 699,209       1,424,847          667,802       1,398,264

Issue of shares pursuant to conversion of convertible bonds            16,203            20,884         2,000            2,668
Issue of shares pursuant to exercised performance rights                 744                    –           6,151            –
Issue of shares pursuant to exercised warrants                              –                   –       23,256           23,915
Issue of shares pursuant to equity raising                            184,923           425,324                –             –
Costs related to issue of shares                                            –             (11,458)             –             –

Closing balance                                                      901,079           1,859,597     699,209        1,424,847

All issued ordinary shares are fully paid and have no par value. The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive
dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share. All shares rank equally with regard
to the Group’s residual assets in the event of a wind-up.


Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                    81
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




C.5      Contributed Equity continued

Recognition and measurement
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as
a deduction from the proceeds.
Where equity instruments are reacquired by the Group, for example, as a result of a share buy-back, those instru-
ments are deducted from equity and the associated shares are cancelled. No gain or loss is recognised in the
statement of comprehensive income and the consideration paid including any directly attributable incremental
costs (net of income taxes) is directly recognised in equity.

C.6      Reserves
                                                                                                 As at 30 June

                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                              A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Equity settled employee benefits                                                               54,172             51,708
Foreign currency translation                                                                  (136,521)           (111,771)
Warrant reserve                                                                                21,765             21,765
Equity component of convertible bond                                                                 –             4,509

Balance at 30 June                                                                           (60,584)            (33,789)


Nature and Purpose
The equity settled employee benefits reserve relates to performance rights granted by the Group to its employees
under the employee share option plan. Further information about share-based payments to employees is set out in
Note E.7.
Exchange differences relating to the translation of the results and net assets of the Group’s foreign operations from
their functional currencies to the Group’s presentation currency are recognised directly in other comprehensive
income and accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve.
Warrant reserve includes options issued as part of rights issues.
The equity component of convertible bond reserve represents the equity component of the US$225.0m unsecured
convertible bond facility issued in 2012 and amended in 2016, net of the associated deferred tax. This has reduced to
nil in line with the final conversion of bonds during the year.

Key Financial and capital risks associated with cash, debt and capital
Exposure to market, credit and liquidity risks arise in the normal course of the Group’s business. The Directors
and management of the Group have overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk
management framework.
The Directors have established a treasury policy that identifies risks faced by the Group and sets out policies and
procedures to mitigate those risks. Monthly consolidated financial reports are prepared for the Directors, who
ensure compliance with the Group’s risk management policies and procedures.

Capital risk management
The Directors are responsible for monitoring and managing the Group’s capital structure.
The Directors’ policy is to maintain an acceptable capital base to promote the confidence of the Group’s financiers and
creditors and to sustain the future development of the business. The Directors monitor the Group’s financial position to
ensure that it complies at all times with its financial and other covenants as set out in its financing arrangements.
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Directors may elect to take a number of measures including,
for example, to dispose of assets or operating segments of the business, to alter its short to medium term plans in
respect of capital projects and working capital levels, or to re-balance the level of equity and external debt in place.
Capital comprises share capital, external debt and reserves.



82                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
Liquidity risk management
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not meet its contractual obligations as they fall due. The Group’s
approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities as
and when they fall due and comply with covenants under both normal and stressed conditions.
The Group evaluates its liquidity requirements on an on-going basis and ensures that it has sufficient cash on
demand to meet expected operating expenses including the servicing of financial obligations. This excludes the
potential impact of extreme circumstances that cannot reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters.

Interest rate risk management
The Group’s interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings at both fixed and floating rates and deposits which
earn interest at floating rates. Borrowings and deposits at floating rates expose the Group to cash flows interest rate
risk. The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk is shown below:


                                                          Interest Rate Risk                           Interest Rate Risk
                                          30 June                                       30 June
                                              2021       0.5%          -0.5%               2020       0.5%          -0.5%

                                                           Impact on Profit                            Impact on Profit
                                         Exposure            and Equity                Exposure          and Equity

                                          A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000

Floating rate instruments
Cash and cash equivalents                 580,827          2,904         (2,904)         101,731          509           (509)
Other non-current assets                     2,932              15             (15)       2,992              15             (15)
Convertible bond facility                        –              –               –        (17,777)            –               –

Total                                    583,759           2,919         (2,919)        86,946            524          (524)


Maturity analysis of financial liabilities
The table below sets out a maturity analysis for financial liabilities containing principal and interest flows. For
loans outstanding, undiscounted cash flows are presented until contractual final maturity. Interest cash flows are
projected based on the interest rates prevailing on the closing date.

                                                                                       Between       Between
                                                                     Up to and        6 months      1 year and
                                         Carrying     Contracted     including        and up to          up to         Over
                                         Amount        cash flows    6 months             1 year       5 years       5 years
                                          A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000      A$ ‘000          A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000

  30 June 2021
  JARE loan facility                        171,122       237,178       20,427            5,026        63,662       148,063
  Lease liabilities                         2,070          2,863              497           467           599          1,300

  Total                                    173,192       240,041        20,924            5,493        64,261       149,363

  30 June 2020
  Convertible bond facility                 17,777         18,143        18,143                –             –               –
  JARE loan facility                       181,222        264,181        19,390           2,614        70,733        171,444
  Lease liabilities                         2,960          3,340          1,203            1,162          974                –

  Total                                   201,959       285,664         38,736            3,776        71,707       171,444




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                83
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




C.6      Reserves continued

Foreign exchange risk management
The Group’s foreign exchange risks are detailed in the basis of preparation of these financial reports.
There are two elements of foreign exchange risk. Firstly, the Group holds cash, trade receivables and trade payables
currencies other than the functional currency of the Company in which it is held. Movement in the prevailing
exchange rates have an impact on the Group’s profit and equity. Secondly, the Group’s members are exposed to
foreign exchange risk on the translation of its operations that are denominated in currencies other than AUD. The
Group’s net assets denominated in currencies other than the AUD which have the potential of impacting the other
comprehensive income component of the statement of comprehensive income are:


                                                                                 Foreign Exchange Risk
                                                                          -10%                            10%

                                                      Carrying      Profit         Equity        Profit          Equity
                                                      Amount       A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000       A$ ‘000         A$ ‘000

As at 30 June 2021
Net exposure of US$ financial assets           US$ 188,280          18,828               –      (18,828)              –
Net exposure of A$ financial assets              A$      1,674         167               –         (167)              –
Net asset exposure – MYR currency              MYR 494,723               –         (14,407)           –          17,608
Net asset exposure – US$ currency              US$       (1,971)         –            262             –           (262)

As at 30 June 2020
Net exposure of US$ financial assets           US$      46,181       4,618               –       (4,618)              –
Net exposure of A$ financial assets              A$        815          82               –          (82)              –
Net asset exposure – MYR currency              MYR     241,314           –          (7,486)           –           9,128
Net asset exposure – US$ currency              US$     (57,869)          –          8,432             –          (8,432)




84                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
D. OTHER ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
This section includes information about the other assets and liabilities position at the end of the period.

D.1      Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                                  As at 30 June

                                                                                                  2021              2020
                                                                                               A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Trade receivables                                                                               21,729              1,876
GST / VAT receivables                                                                             853               1,606
Other receivables                                                                                1,308              1,898

Total current trade and other receivables                                                      23,890              5,380


The Group’s exposure to credit risk is primarily in its trade receivables. As at 30 June 2021 $1.8m (2020: $0.1m) of trade
receivables were past due but not impaired. Of this amount, $1.8m has been received subsequent to 30 June 2021.
The Group is in regular contact with the remaining debtors and expects the remaining amounts will be collected
in full.
At 30 June 2021, the Group had sales under contract amounting to A$66.6m (US$50.0m) subject to price
adjustments. At the date of this report A$21.8m (US$16.3m) of this amount has been finalised with minimal price
adjustments.

Recognition and measurement
Receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
active market. They are included in current assets, except for instruments with maturities greater than 12 months
from the reporting date, which are classified as non-current assets. The Group’s receivables comprise trade and
other receivables (including related party receivables) which are stated at their cost less impairment losses.

Fair Value and foreign exchange risk
Given the short-term nature of trade receivables, the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.
All trade receivables are held in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity receipting them and
therefore exposed to foreign exchange risk.			

D.2      Inventories
                                                                                                  As at 30 June

                                                                                                  2021              2020
                                                                                               A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Raw materials and consumables                                                                   25,123            25,796
Work in progress                                                                                37,662             37,181
Finished goods                                                                                   4,537             14,623

Total inventories                                                                              67,322             77,600

Current inventories                                                                            62,888              68,132
Non-current inventories                                                                          4,434             9,468

Total inventories                                                                              67,322             77,600


During the year ended 30 June 2021 inventories of $302.2m (2020: $257.3m) were recognised as an expense. All of
which were included in ‘cost of sales’.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                          85
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




D.2      Inventories continued

Depreciation recognised in inventories
The Group recognised depreciation on its property, plant and equipment and amortisation on its deferred devel-
opment expenditure and intangible assets for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020 respectively in the following
categories:

                                                 Recognised
                                               in General and
                                               Administration             Recognised
                                                  Expense                 in Inventory                   Total

                                                 2021       2020          2021       2020            2021          2020
                                              A$ ‘000     A$ ‘000      A$ ‘000     A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000        A$ ‘000

Property, plant and equipment                   2,210      13,924      58,892       52,833          61,102       66,757
Deferred development expenditure                 643          556            –           3,861        643          4,417
Intangibles                                      108            –            –              –         108              –

Total                                           2,961     14,480       58,892       56,694         61,853         71,174


On the sale of inventory to customers, the component of the depreciation or amortisation expense capitalised
within inventory is reflected in the cost of goods sold in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of
the profit or loss. This was $62.8m in the year ended 30 June 2021 (2020: $51.5m).

Write downs of inventory
During the year ended 30 June 2021, there were no write-downs to net realisable value for some products. (2020:
$0.9m)

Recognition and measurement
Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based either on the
first in first out (“FIFO”) or weighted average principles and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the invento-
ries and bringing them to their existing location and condition. In the case of manufactured or refined inventories
and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal operating
capacity. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated
costs of completion and selling expenses. Inventory expected to be sold or consumed within the next 12 months is
classified as current, with amounts expected to be consumed or sold after this time being classified as non-current.

Engineering and maintenance materials
Engineering and maintenance materials (representing either critical or long order components but excluding
rotable spares) are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of these inventories is based on
the weighted average principle and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them
to their existing location and condition. Net realisable value is determined with reference to the cost of replacement
of such items in the ordinary course of business compared to the current market prices.




86                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
D.3      Other non-current assets
                                                                                                As at 30 June

                                                                                                2021              2020
                                                                                             A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Security deposits – banking facilities and other, Malaysia                                     2,874              2,977
Security deposits – banking facilities and other, Australia                                       58                   15
Security deposits – banking facilities and other, USA                                               1                  –
Security deposits – AELB, Malaysia                                                             8,208             5,480
Security deposits – AELB, Australia                                                            51,919           56,675

                                                                                             63,060             65,147


Deposits to the Malaysian Government’s Atomic Energy Licensing Board (“AELB”) form a component of a total
US$50.0m of instalments due in accordance with the conditions underlying the granting of the Full Operating
Stage Licence to the Group for the Lynas Malaysia plant. The total amount deposited as security via a bond for
the instalments is US$39.0m (all of which is interest earning). A further US$11.0m paid via cash directly to AELB is
interest earning and has been discounted to a present value of $4.8m (FY20: $4.7m).

Recognition and measurement
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition and subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income and fair value through profit or loss. The classification of financial assets at
initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business
model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables, the Group initially measures a financial asset at
its fair value.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs
to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal amount
outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level.

Financial assets at amortised cost
This category is the most relevant to the Group as all deposits in Note D.3 are classified this way. The Group meas-
ures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:
   • The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect
      contractual cash flows, and
   • The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
      of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest (EIR) method and are
subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or
impaired. The Group’s financial assets at amortised cost includes trade receivables, and security deposits included
under other non-current financial assets.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                          87
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




D.4       Trade and Other Payables
                                                                                                                   As at 30 June

                                                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                                                               A$ ‘000              A$ ‘000

Trade payables                                                                                                   11,077               13,180
Accrued expenses                                                                                                 16,485                9,761
Other payables                                                                                                   13,266               5,837

Total trade and other payables                                                                                 40,828               28,778

Current                                                                                                         40,828               28,778
Non-current                                                                                                            –                   –

Total trade and other payables                                                                                 40,828               28,778


Recognition and measurement
Current trade and other payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 30 to 60 day terms.
Subsequent to initial recognition trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest
method.
Given the short-term nature of trade payables, the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.


D.5       Provisions and Employee benefits
                                                                                                                   As at 30 June

                                                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                                                               A$ ‘000              A$ ‘000

Current
Short term employee benefits                                                                                      3,331               2,797
Restoration and rehabilitation(1)                                                                               40,874               26,142

Total current                                                                                                  44,205               28,939

Non-Current
Long term employee benefits                                                                                        696                  599
Restoration and rehabilitation                                                                                  133,392             155,462

Total non-current                                                                                             134,088               156,061


(1)	The current portion of the restoration and rehabilitation provision represents Lynas’ best estimate of the present value of the outflows
     relating to the discharge of the rehabilitation obligation relating to residue disposal in Malaysia over the next 12 month period.


Recognition and measurement
A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefit will be required to settle the
obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is
used, the increase in the provision for the passage of time is recognised as a financial expense in the statement of
comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss.




88                                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
Short-term employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits are expected to be settled within one year and measured on an undiscounted basis
and are expensed in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss as the related
services are provided. A provision is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus
plans and outstanding annual leave balances if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this
amount as a result of past services provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Long-term employee benefits
The liability for annual leave and long service leave for which settlement can be deferred beyond 12 months from
the balance date is measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services
provided by employees. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee
departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the reporting
date on national government bonds with terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the
estimated future cash outflows.

Incentive compensation plans
The Group recognises a liability and associated expense for incentive compensation plans based on a formula that
takes into consideration certain threshold targets and the associated measures of profitability. The Group recog-
nises a provision when it is contractually obligated or when there is a past practice that has created a constructive
obligation to its employees.

Restoration and Rehabilitation
The activities of the Group give rise to obligations for asset and site restoration and rehabilitation at the Lynas
Malaysia plant and the Mount Weld concentration plant. The key areas of uncertainty in estimating the provisions
for these obligations are set out below. Upon cessation of operations, the site including the processing assets,
ancillary facilities, utilities and the onsite storage facility will be decommissioned and any materials removed from
the location.
The Group has most recently engaged a third party specialist to assist in estimating the restoration and rehabili-
tation provisions at Lynas Malaysia as at 30 June 2018 and Mt Weld as at 30 June 2020. The Group will continue to
review the need to engage third party specialists periodically over time as the operations continue to develop.
The unwinding effect of discounting of the provision is recognised as a financial expense.
The mining/extraction and refining/processing activities of the Group give rise to obligations for asset and site
rehabilitation. Rehabilitation obligations can include facility decommissioning and dismantling, removal or treat-
ment of waste materials, land rehabilitation and site restoration. The extent of work required and the associated
costs are estimated based on feasibility and engineering studies using current restoration standards and tech-
niques. Provisions for the cost of each rehabilitation programme are recognised at the time that the environmental
disturbance occurs.
Rehabilitation provisions are initially measured at the expected value of future cash flows required to rehabilitate
the relevant site, discounted to their present value. The value of the provision is progressively increased over time as
the effect of discounting unwinds. When provisions for rehabilitation are initially recognised, the corresponding cost
is capitalised as an asset, representing part of the cost of acquiring the future economic benefits of the operation.
The capitalised cost of rehabilitation activities for the Group’s mining operations and refining operations are
recognised as a component of property, plant and equipment. Amounts capitalised are depreciated or amortised
accordingly.
At each reporting date the rehabilitation liability is re-measured to account for any new disturbance, updated cost
estimates, changes to the estimated lives of the associated operations, new regulatory requirements and revisions
to discount rates. Changes to the rehabilitation liability are added or deducted from the related rehabilitation asset
and amortised accordingly.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                          89
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




D.5      Provisions and Employee benefits continued

                                                                                                  As at 30 June

                                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                                              A$ ‘000             A$ ‘000

Restoration and Rehabilitation
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                           181,604             111,145
Provisions made during the year                                                                  9,159             73,970
Provisions paid during the year                                                                      –             (14,916)
Changes to inflation and discounts rates                                                       (12,848)             9,635
Effects of foreign exchange movement                                                            (7,989)             (1,419)
Unwinding of discount on provision                                                              4,340               3,189

Balance at 30 June                                                                            174,266             181,604



  KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

  Restoration and rehabilitation expenditure
  The Group’s accounting policy for its restoration and rehabilitation closure provisions requires significant esti-
  mates and assumptions such as: requirements of the relevant legal and regulatory framework; the magnitude
  of possible contamination; and the timing, extent and costs of required closure and rehabilitation activity.
  These uncertainties may result in future actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided.
  The provision recognised is periodically reviewed and updated based on the facts and circumstances available
  at the time. Changes to the estimated future costs for operating sites are recognised in the statement of
  financial position by adjusting both the closure and rehabilitation asset and the provision.

  Lynas Malaysia production residues
  On January 30, 2020, the Group announced that The State Government of Pahang has issued its consent to a
  site for the Permanent Disposal Facility (PDF) for Water Leach Purification (WLP) residue. In additional Lynas
  Malaysia has appointed Gading Senggara Sdn Bhd (“GSSB”) as the contractor to manage the entire PDF
  project. The total cost of this project will be MYR 400m (AUD 128.4m). The provision for restoration and reha-
  bilitation has increased to reflect the present value of the obligation that exists at 30 June 2021. Those costs
  expected to be due within 12 months have been reflected as current. The unwinding effect of discounting of
  the provision is recognised as a finance cost.
  Payments in relation to the discharge of rehabilitation liabilities are recognised in the Statement of Cash
  Flows as an operating cash outflow.
  The Group has included its best estimate of the timing of these costs within the provision for restoration and
  rehabilitation at 30 June 2021.



Key Financial risks associated with other assets and liabilities
Credit risk management
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to
meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Group’s receivables from customers and related
entities. The Group’s exposure to credit risk is primarily in its trade and other receivables and is influenced mainly by
the individual characteristics of each customer. Demographically there are no material concentrations of credit risk.
Cash and cash deposits are held in banks and financial institutions with A+ credit ratings.
Management believes that the Group’s trade and other receivables are collectible in full, based on historical
behaviour and extensive analysis of customer credit risk, including underlying customers’ credit ratings if they are
applicable.




90                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
E. OTHER ITEMS
This section includes information on items which require disclosure to comply with Australian Accounting Standards
and the Australian Corporations Act 2001. This section includes group structure information and other disclosures.

E.1      Contingent Liabilities
An amount of US$39.0m (FY20: US$39.0m) has been deposited via a bond for instalments required in accordance
with the conditions underlying the granting of the Full Operating Stage Licence to the Group for the LAMP in
Malaysia. Should criteria as part of this grant not continue to be met, this amount may be utilised to settle obliga-
tions. The Group has determined that the possibility of a material outflow related to these contingent liabilities is
remote. Refer to Note D.3 for details of bonds.

Litigation and legal proceedings
As a result of its operations the Group has certain contingent liabilities related to certain litigation and legal
proceedings. The Group has determined that the possibility of a material outflow related to these contingent
liabilities is remote.

Security and guarantee arrangements
Certain members of the Group have entered into guarantee and security arrangements in respect of the Group’s
indebtedness as described in Note E.6.

E.2      Leases and other commitments
AASB 16 Leases
The accounting policies of the Group upon adoption of AASB 16 are as follows:

Right of Use assets
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e. the date the underlying asset
is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount
of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commence-
ment date less any lease incentives received. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the
leased asset at the end of the lease term, the recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis
over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term (where the entity does not have a purchase option at
the end of the lease term). Right-of-use assets are subject to impairment.

Lease liabilities
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of
lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-sub-
stance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or
a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the
exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties
for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. The variable lease
payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period on which the event
or condition that triggers the payment occurs. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses
the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not
readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the
accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities
is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed lease
payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the underlying asset.

Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal options
The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered
by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option
to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised. The Group applies judgement in evaluating
whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the option to renew. That is, it considers all relevant factors that create
an economic incentive for it to exercise the renewal. After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the
lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to
exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew (e.g. a change in business strategy).




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                            91
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




E.2      Leases and other commitments continued

Short term leases and low-value assets
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and equip-
ment (i.e. those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not
contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption (i.e. below US$5,000/
A$7,150). Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. No leases meeting the low-value criteria were recognised at 30 June 2020 or
30 June 2021.

Exploration commitments
                                                                                               As at 30 June

                                                                                               2021              2020
                                                                                            A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Less than one year                                                                             394                373
Between one and five years                                                                    1,638              1,533
More than five years                                                                           1,291            2,345

Total                                                                                         3,323             4,251


These include commitments relating to tenement lease rentals and the minimum expenditure requirements of
the Western Australia Department of Mines and Petroleum attaching to the tenements and are subject to re-nego-
tiation upon expiry of the exploration leases or when application for a mining licence is made. These are necessary
in order to maintain the tenements in which the Group and other parties are involved. All parties are committed to
meet the conditions under which the tenements were granted in accordance with the relevant mining legislation.

Capital commitments
                                                                                               As at 30 June

                                                                                               2021              2020
                                                                                            A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Less than one year                                                                           82,479              4,109

Total                                                                                       82,479              4,109


At 30 June 2020, the capital commitments related to on-going capital project costs in Malaysia. At 30 June 2021 the
capital commitments primarily related to the Lynas Kalgoorlie project.




92                                                                                             www.LynasRareEarths.com
E.3      Auditor Remuneration
The following items of expenditure are included in general and administration expenses:

                                                                                                        For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                                               2021               2020
                                                                                                                A$                  A$

Auditor’s remuneration to Ernst & Young (Australia), comprising:
Fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the parent covering the group                           228,792            229,963
Fees for other services
  Tax Services                                                                                                5,725               4,100
  Other assurance and agreed upon procedures                                                                 58,650                    –
  Advisory Services                                                                                          67,088                    –

Total auditor’s remuneration Ernst & Young (Australia)                                                     360,255             234,063

Auditor’s remuneration to Ernst & Young (other locations), comprising:
Fees for auditing the financial report of any controlled entities                                           136,548             133,722
Fees for other services
  Tax Services                                                                                              20,480               16,300

Total auditor’s remuneration Ernst & Young (other locations)                                                157,028            150,022

Total auditor’s remuneration                                                                                517,283           384,085


Other tax service fees paid to EY Australia and other locations in FY21 and FY20 relate to completion of tax returns
for expatriate employees. Other assurance, agreed upon procedures and advisory services paid to EY Australia relate
to due diligence and review work in relation to the capital raising that took place in August 2020.

E.4      Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                 Ownership interest
                                                                                                                   as at 30 June

                                                                                           Country of
Name of Group entity                    Principal activity                                 incorporation            2021          2020

Lynas Malaysia Sdn Bhd                  Operation and development of advanced              Malaysia                100%           100%
                                        material processing plant
Lynas Services Pty Ltd*                 Provision of corporate services                    Australia               100%           100%
Mount Weld Holdings Pty Ltd*            Holding company                                    Australia               100%           100%
Mount Weld Mining Pty Ltd*              Development of mining areas of interest            Australia               100%           100%
                                        and operation of concentration plant
Lynas Kalgoorlie Pty Ltd*               Development of operations in Kalgoorlie            Australia               100%           100%
Lynas Africa Holdings Pty Ltd*          Holding company                                    Australia               100%           100%

Lynas Africa Ltd                        Mineral exploration                                Malawi                  100%           100%
Lynas USA LLC                           Development of processing opportuni-               USA                     100%           100%
                                        ties in USA


*	Entity has entered into a deed of cross guarantee with Lynas Rare Earths Limited pursuant to ASIC Instrument 2016/785 and is relieved
   from the requirement to prepare and lodge an audited financial report, as discussed in Note E 6. Entity is also a member of the tax-con-
   solidated group.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                          93
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




E.5      Parent Entity Information
                                                                                                As at 30 June

                                                                                               2021                2020
                                                                                            A$ ‘000              A$ ‘000

Current assets                                                                              139,729                31,055

Total assets                                                                              1,223,788              933,333


Current liabilities                                                                         (21,486)              (18,378)

Total liabilities                                                                          (172,895)            (201,006)

Net assets                                                                                1,050,893             732,327


Share capital                                                                             1,859,598         1,424,847
Accumulated deficit                                                                        (1,119,822)          (1,115,948)
Reserves                                                                                      311,117            423,428

Total shareholders’ equity                                                                1,050,893             732,327


Loss of the Company                                                                          (3,874)               (11,014)

Total comprehensive loss of the parent Company                                               (3,874)              (11,014)


E.6      Entities under a Deed of Cross Guarantee
Pursuant to ASIC Instrument 2016/785 (as amended) dated August 13, 1998, the wholly-owned Australian subsidi-
aries of Lynas Rare Earths Limited are relieved from the Corporations Act 2001 requirements for preparation, audit
and lodgement of financial reports, and Director’s reports.
It is a condition of the Class Order that the Company and each of the subsidiaries enter into a Deed of Cross
Guarantee. The effect of the Deed is that the Company guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in the
event of winding up of any of the subsidiaries under certain provisions of the Corporations Act 2001. If a winding up
event occurs under any other provision of the Act, the Company will only be liable in the event that after six months
any creditor has not been paid in full. The subsidiaries have also given similar guarantees in the event that the
Company is wound-up. The subsidiaries in addition to the Company subject to the deed are specified in Note E.4.
A statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position, comprising the Company and
controlled entities which are party to the Deed, after eliminating all transactions between parties to the Deed of
Cross Guarantee is presented as follows:




94                                                                                             www.LynasRareEarths.com
Statement of Financial Position
                                                                    As at 30 June

                                                                    2021              2020
                                                                 A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Cash and cash equivalents                                         290,114           103,390
Short term deposits                                              100,000                  –
Trade and other receivables                                      507,789            397,305
Inventories                                                       21,448              16,100

Total current assets                                             919,351            516,795

Inventories                                                        4,434              8,932
Property, plant and equipment                                     151,173           123,824
Deferred exploration, evaluation and development expenditure      28,347             28,818
Investments in subsidiaries                                      375,080            375,080
Other assets                                                       51,977                 16

Total non-current assets                                          611,011           536,670

Total assets                                                   1,530,362        1,053,465

Trade and other payables                                           12,435             6,923
Interest payable                                                    1,773                 –
Borrowings                                                        20,073             34,148
Employee benefits                                                  2,846              3,075
Intercompany payables                                            275,761            217,284

Total current liabilities                                       312,888             261,430

Provisions                                                        45,775             46,154
Employee benefits                                                    1,114            1,408
Borrowings                                                        151,049            164,851

Total non-current liabilities                                    197,937            212,413

Total liabilities                                                510,825            473,843

Net assets                                                     1,019,537            579,622

Share capital                                                   1,859,597       1,424,847
Accumulated deficit                                            (1,006,439)      (1,034,473)
Reserves                                                         166,379            189,248

Total equity                                                   1,019,537            579,622




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                             95
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




E.6      Entities under a Deed of Cross Guarantee continued

Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                             As at 30 June

                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                          A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Revenue                                                                                   132,537            90,256
Cost of sales                                                                              (81,657)          (71,290)

Gross profit                                                                              50,880             18,966

Other income                                                                                   68               589
General and administration expenses net of recoveries                                      (12,628)          (18,725)

Profit from operating activities                                                          38,320                830

Financial income                                                                             1,249              1,691
Financial expenses                                                                         (11,534)           (14,712)

Net financial expenses                                                                    (10,285)           (13,021)
Profit / (loss) before income tax                                                         28,035              (12,191)

Income tax expense                                                                              (1)                 (6)

Profit / (loss) for the year from continuing operations                                   28,034             (12,197)

Other comprehensive loss, net of income tax
Exchange differences on foreign currency transactions                                        9,196              (325)

Total other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of income tax                   9,196               (325)

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year                                           37,230            (12,522)



E.7      Employee costs and share based payments
The following items are gross employee costs before recoveries included in general and administration expenses:

                                                                                       For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                          A$ ‘000            A$ ‘000

Wages and salaries                                                                         45,790            42,389
Superannuation and pension contributions                                                     3,715            3,808
Employee remuneration settled through share-based payments                                  2,464              1,545
Other                                                                                        1,051              884

Total employee costs                                                                      53,020             48,626


Share-based remuneration benefits are provided to employees via a variety of schemes which are further set out
below.
The fair values of the performance rights granted under these various schemes are recognised as an employee
benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The fair value is measured at the grant date and recog-
nised over the period during which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the performance rights.




96                                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
The fair value at grant date is independently determined using a performance right pricing model that takes into
account the exercise price, the term of the performance right, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date
and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for
the term of the performance right.
The fair value of the performance right granted is measured to reflect the expected market vesting conditions,
but excludes the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, profitability and production targets).
Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of performance rights that are
expected to become exercisable. At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number
of performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. The employee benefits expense recognised
each period takes into account the most recent estimate. The impact of the revision to original estimates, if any,
is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of profit or loss, with a corresponding
adjustment to equity.

Key management personnel compensation
The aggregate compensation made to the Directors and other members of KMP of the Group is set out below:

                                                                                          For the year ended 30 June

                                                                                                 2021            2020
                                                                                                  A$               A$

Short-term employee benefits                                                                 5,312,122       5,859,449
Long-term employee benefits                                                                   96,834            41,538
Post-employment benefits                                                                     240,278           313,091
Share based payments                                                                         1,692,416        1,032,611

Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                        7,341,650        7,246,689

The compensation of each member of the KMP of the Group for the current and prior year is set out within the
Remuneration Report. All transactions with these related parted have been considered and included in the report.
The share-based payments amount represents the impact of amortising the accounting value of options and
performance rights over their vesting periods including the impact of forfeitures recognised during the period. At
times, a negative value may be presented which results from the forfeitures recognised in the period (which may
relate also to earlier periods) are greater than the accounting expense for the current portion of the vesting period.

Employee share options and performance rights
The Group has established an employee share plan whereby, at the discretion of Directors, performance rights may
be granted over the ordinary shares of the Company for the benefit of Directors, Executives and certain employees
of the Group. The performance rights are granted in accordance with performance guidelines established by
the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee. Other than short term incentives and Strategic
Performance Rights, each performance right is convertible into one ordinary share of the Company during the two
years following the vesting date, which is the third anniversary of the grant date. The performance rights hold no
voting or dividend rights and are not transferrable.
Performance rights are granted for the benefit of Key Management Personnel (“KMP”) and other selected
employees to provide greater alignment to our strategic business objectives. KMP are those people who have
authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the Group, directly or
indirectly, including any Executive Director of the Group and the Executives. At year end, the Executives include
the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Group’s General Counsel & Company Secretary, Vice
President – Upstream, Vice President – Downstream, Vice President – Malaysia.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                           97
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




E.7       Employee costs and share based payments continued

Movements in employee performance rights during the year

                                              For the year ended 30 June 2021         For the year ended 30 June 2020

                                                Number of           Weighted            Number of              Weighted
                                              performance              average        performance                 average
                                                    rights       exercise price             rights          exercise price
                                                      ‘000                   A$               ‘000                      A$

Balance at beginning of year                      4,461,537             0.00           9,044,069                   0.00
Granted during the year                          1,408,092              0.00            1,873,707                  0.00
Expired during the year                                   –             0.00                     –                 0.00
Exercised during the year                         (743,643)             0.00            (6,151,083)                0.00
Forfeited during the year                         (447,460)             0.00             (305,156)                 0.00

Balance at end of year                           4,678,526              0.00           4,461,537                   0.00

Exercisable at end of year                         1,279,101            0.00             997,490                   0.00


During the year ended 30 June 2021 the Group recognised net share based payment expense of $2.5m (2020: $1.5m)
within the profit and loss component of the statement of comprehensive income. The net expense during the year
included the reversal of expenses totalling $0.3m (2020: $1.3m) associated with the forfeiture of 301,819 (2020: 305,156)
performance rights and reassessment of the probability of achieving non-market based vesting criteria.
The employee performance rights outstanding at the end of the year had nil weighted average exercise price and a
weighted average remaining contractual life of 339 days (2020: 437 days). The performance rights exercised during
the year had a weighted average share price on exercise date of $1.91 (FY20: $2.04).

Performance rights granted in the period
For the CEO, other Executive KMP and Lynas Leadership Team, two vesting conditions apply to the LTI grants made
during FY2021:
     • Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
     • Lynas 2025 Project Target

In addition, eight senior employees who are critical to the delivery of Lynas 2025 strategic outcomes were invited to
participate in the LTI Plan. For these employees, the sole vesting condition is the Lynas 2025 Project Target.
Relative TSR is assessed over a three year period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023, relative to other companies in the
ASX200 index (Peer Group Companies). For any performance rights to vest under the TSR vesting condition, Lynas’
performance must be equal to or greater than the 51% percentile of Peer Group Companies.
The percentage of the performance rights that may vest is determined as follows:

Lynas TSR Ranking across the TSR Period                        Proportion of Performance Rights that vest

Below 51st percentile                                          0%
At the 51st percentile                                         50%
Between the 51st percentile and                                Between 50% and 100% as determined on a straight
the 76th percentile                                            line basis (rounded to the nearest 5%)
At or above 76th percentile                                    100%


The Lynas 2025 Project Target vesting condition is that the Lynas Kalgoorlie plant is commissioned and operational
by July 2023.
In accordance with the Group’s policy that governs trading of the Company’s shares by Directors and employees,
Directors and employees are not permitted to hedge their options or performance rights before the options vest.



98                                                                                                   www.LynasRareEarths.com
The performance rights granted during the financial year had a weighted average fair value of $2.5136 (2020: $2.198)
and were priced using volume-weighted average share prices, Monte Carlo and Binomial valuation methodologies.
Where relevant the expected life used in the model has been adjusted based on management’s best estimate
for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions (including the probability of meeting market conditions
attached to the option), and behavioural considerations. Expected volatility is based on the historical share price
volatility over the past three years and peer volatility.

                            PR’s issued to employees other than CEO                               PR’s issued to CEO

                           Series BH           Series BI         Series BJ          Series BH          Series BI          Series BJ

Grant date                09 Sept 2020      09 Sept 2020       09 Sept 2020       26 Nov 2020        26 Nov 2020        26 Nov 2020
5 day VWAP                    $2.40             $2.40              $2.40              $3.56              $3.56              $3.56
Exercise price                $0.00             $0.00              $0.00             $0.00              $0.00              $0.00
Dividend yield                 Nil               Nil                Nil                Nil                Nil                Nil
Expected volatility           63.2%             63.2%              63.2%             64.5%              64.5%              64.5%
Risk-free Rate                0.26%             0.26%              0.26%              0.11%              0.11%              0.11%
Expiry date               09 Sept 2023      09 Sept 2025       09 Sept 2025       09 Sept 2023       09 Sept 2025       09 Sept 2025


Performance rights still to vest or yet to expire
Performance rights are issued on the same terms as options, except there is no consideration payable on exercise.
The following table lists any performance rights which are still to vest, or have yet to expire.

                                                                                                                           Value per
                                                                                                                        performance
                                                           Date vested                                  Exercise             right at
Series                Grant date       Number           and exercisable               Expiry date          price          grant date

AO         30 November 2016              532,373         30 August 2019          30 August 2021            $ 0.00              $0.680
AP         30 November 2016               465,117        30 August 2019          30 August 2021            $ 0.00              $0.500
AU         28 November 2017               127,567       28 August 2020           28 August 2022            $ 0.00              $2.060
AV         28 November 2017             154,044         28 August 2020           28 August 2022            $ 0.00               $1.620
AY            28 August 2018             165,668         28 August 2021          28 August 2023            $ 0.00               $2.187
AZ            28 August 2018             138,057         28 August 2021          28 August 2023            $ 0.00                $1.431
BB         27 November 2018              176,920         28 August 2021          28 August 2023            $ 0.00               $2.187
BC         27 November 2018              147,433         28 August 2021          28 August 2023            $ 0.00               $1.463
BE            26 August 2019               131,014       26 August 2022          26 August 2024            $ 0.00              $2.340
BF            26 August 2019            638,433          26 August 2022          26 August 2024            $ 0.00              $2.340
BG            26 August 2019               157,216       26 August 2022          26 August 2024            $ 0.00               $1.660
BE*       26 November 2019*              136,435         26 August 2022          26 August 2024            $ 0.00              $2.290
BF*       26 November 2019*              136,435         26 August 2022          26 August 2024            $ 0.00              $2.290
BG*       26 November 2019*              163,722         26 August 2022          26 August 2024            $ 0.00               $1.630
BH        09 September 2020               141,733    09 September 2021       09 September 2023             $ 0.00              $2.400
BI        09 September 2020              275,091     09 September 2023       09 September 2025             $ 0.00               $1.790
BJ        09 September 2020              517,861     09 September 2023       09 September 2025             $ 0.00              $2.400
BH**      26 November 2020*               55,695     09 September 2021       09 September 2023             $ 0.00              $3.560
BI**      26 November 2020*             208,856      09 September 2023       09 September 2025             $ 0.00              $2.500
BJ**      26 November 2020*             208,856      09 September 2023       09 September 2025             $ 0.00              $3.560

Total                                4,678,526


*	Performance rights relates to the CEO in series BD to BG were approved by the Board on 26 August 2019, subject to approval at the
   AGM. These performance rights were subsequently approved at the AGM on 26 November 2019.
**	Performance rights relates to the CEO in series BH to BJ were approved by the Board on 9 September 2020, subject to approval at the
    AGM. These performance rights were subsequently approved at the AGM on 26 November 2020.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                         99
Financial Statements
Notes to the Financial Statements continued




E.8      Other Items
New and revised standards and interpretations
Standards and Interpretations affecting amounts reported
The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are consistent with
those of the previous financial year, except for the adoption of new standards and interpretations effective as of
1 July 2020.
Several amendments apply for the first time in the current year. As required, the nature and effect of the changes of
these new standards has been disclosed throughout the report.

Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted
No Australian Accounting Standards issued but not yet mandatory for the financial year ending 30 June 2021 have
had a material impact on the Group for the year ended 30 June 2021.

E.9      Subsequent events
On 23 August 2021, the Malaysian regulator, the Atomic Energy Licensing Board (AELB), extended the deadline
for satisfaction of the licence condition related to the commencement of construction of the Permanent Disposal
Facility (PDF) for WLP residue to 2 March 2022. This recognises the constraints presented by current COVID-19
conditions. Lynas continues to engage productively with the relevant government and regulatory authorities to
progress the approvals for the PDF.
As announced on 29 July 2021, on 28 July 2021 the High Court of Malaya at Kuala Lumpur dismissed the judicial
review proceedings commenced by the anti-Lynas activists seeking review of the processes followed by the
Government of Malaysia in reaching the August 2019 decision to renew Lynas Malaysia’s fourth operating licence.
Lynas has received a notice of appeal by the anti-Lynas activists. Lynas intends to defend the appeal. The Lynas
Malaysia plant currently operates under the fifth operating licence granted in February 2020.
As announced on 22 July 2021, Lynas was awarded a $14.8m grant as part of the Australian governments’ Modern
Manufacturing Initiative. The grant will enable Lynas to commercialise an industry-first Rare Earth carbonate
refining process that has been developed by our in-house research and development team.
With the exception of the above, there have been no other events subsequent to 30 June 2021 that would require
accrual or disclosure in this financial report.




100                                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
Mineral Resources and
Ore Reserves
as at 30 June 2021

1. MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT ORE RESERVES 2021
The Ore Reserve estimation for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is shown in Table 1.

TABLE 1: MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT ORE RESERVES 2021

                                                                            MILLION                      TREO               CONTAINED REO
JORC CLASSIFICATION                                                         TONNES                         %                 ‘000 TONNES

Ore Reserves within Pit boundary
Proved                                                                         13.2                       8.3                      1,106
Probable                                                                        5.0                       7.4                       372

Designed Pit Total                                                             18.3                        8.1                    1,478

On Stockpiles
Proved                                                                          0.7                      14.6                        98
Probable                                                                       0.0                        0.0                          0

Stockpiles Total                                                                0.7                      14.6                        98

Total Ore Reserves
Proved                                                                         13.9                       8.6                     1,200
Probable                                                                        5.0                       7.4                       370

Total                                                                          18.9                       8.3                      1,571


* TREO = Total Rare Earth Oxides (La2O3, CeO2, Pr6O11, Nd2O3, Sm2O3, Eu2O3, Gd2O3, Tb4O7, Dy2O3, Ho2O3, Er2O3, Tm2O3, Yb2O3, Lu2O3) + Yttrium
  (Y2O3). Totals may not balance due to rounding of figures.


Note:
The Ore Reserves for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is as of June 30, 2021. The 2021 Ore Reserve update is based
upon no mining depletion of the in-situ ore reserves by mining activities as mining Campaign 3 was completed in
February 2020 and no ore mining occurred between 1 July 2020 and 30 June 2021. Minor changes to the stockpiles
occurred as a result of processing. Full details of the material change that occurred in 2018 are reported as per the
Lynas ASX announcement dated August 6, 2018, titled “Lynas announces a 60% increase to Mt Weld Ore Reserves,
one of the world’s richest sources of Rare Earths”. The stockpiles were estimated using survey volumes of the
stockpiles and grades assigned to the stockpiles by the grade control process. The grade control process is carried
out by Mr Thomas Leggo, an employee of Lynas Rare Earths. The surveys have been carried out by Mr Bradley
Hughes, an employee of Lynas Rare Earths. Mr Steve Lampron, (Ragnarok Mining Pty Ltd) has carried out a review
and audit of these figures and found them to fall within expected error deviations. The company confirms that
all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimated Ore Reserves set out in the ASX
announcement dated August 6, 2018 continue to apply and have not materially changed.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                                                   101
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves




2. MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT MINERAL RESOURCES 2021
The Mineral Resource estimation for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is shown in Table 2, reported above a cut-off of
2.5% Total Rare Earth Oxides (TREO).

TABLE 2: MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT MINERAL RESOURCES 2021

                                                                              MILLION                     TREO              CONTAINED REO
JORC CLASSIFICATION                                                           TONNES                        %                ‘000 TONNES

Insitu
Measured                                                                       16.7                        7.5                    1,257
Indicated                                                                       11.9                      5.4                       638
Inferred                                                                       25.9                        3.6                      938

Subtotal                                                                       54.5                        5.2                    2,833

On Stockpiles
Measured                                                                        0.7                       14.6                         98

Subtotal                                                                        0.7                       14.6                         98

Total Mineral Resources
Measured                                                                       17.3                        7.8                    1,354
Indicated                                                                       11.9                      5.4                       638
Inferred                                                                       25.9                        3.6                      938

Total                                                                          55.2                        5.3                    2,931


* TREO = Total Rare Earth Oxides (La2O3, CeO2, Pr6O11, Nd2O3, Sm2O3, Eu2O3, Gd2O3, Tb4O7, Dy2O3, Ho2O3, Er2O3, Tm2O3, Yb2O3, Lu2O3) + Yttrium
  (Y2O3). Totals may not balance due to rounding of figures.
Mineral Resources have been reported above a cut-off of 2.5% TREO. The Mineral Resources are inclusive of Ore Reserves.


Note:
The Mineral Resource estimation for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is as of 30 June 2021. The information is
extracted from the Lynas ASX announcement titled “Lynas announces a 60% increase to Mt Weld Ore Reserves,
one of the world’s richest sources of Rare Earths”, dated 6 August 2018 and is available to view on the company’s
website. The company confirms that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the esti-
mated Mineral Resources set out in the ASX announcement dated 6 August 2018 continue to apply and have not
materially changed. The exception is minor depletion of the in-situ resources from mining up to 30 June 2021.



3. NIOBIUM RICH RARE METALS MINERAL RESOURCES
The Mineral Resource estimation for the niobium rich rare metals prospect referred to as the Niobium Rich Rare
Metals Project is shown in Table 3. The Rare Metals Project is located at Mt Weld.

TABLE 3: CLASSIFICATION OF MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE NIOBIUM RICH RARE METALS PROJECT

                                     MILLION           Ta2O5        Nb2O5          TLnO            ZrO           P2O5          Y2O3          TiO2
CATEGORY                             TONNES               %            %              %              %             %             %             %

Measured                                     0              0             0              0            0             0             0               0
Indicated                                   1.5       0.037             1.4            1.65        0.32           8.9            0.1             5.8
Inferred                                  36.2        0.024            1.06            1.14         0.3          7.96         0.09           3.94

Total                                     37.7        0.024            1.07            1.16         0.3          7.99         0.09           4.01




102                                                                                                                     www.LynasRareEarths.com
Notes:
1. 	 All figures are percentages. Ta2O5 Tantalum Oxide, Nb2O5 Niobium Oxide, TLnO Total Rare Earth Oxide, ZrO
      zirconia, P2O5 Phosphate, Y2O3 yttria, TiO2 titanium oxide.
2. The Mineral Resource estimation for the niobium rich rare metals is as per ASX announcement dated 6 October
   2004. Lynas Corp confirms that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimated
   Mineral Resources continue to apply and have not materially changed. Figures in the table may not sum due to
   rounding.
There have been no changes to the Niobium Rich Rare Metals Project Mineral Resource since the previous
reporting period.

Note on governance arrangements and internal controls:
All Lynas Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimations are compiled by experienced competent persons who
are engaged as independent external consultants to Lynas. The relevant Competent Person ensures that all
aspects of the Mineral Resource estimations or the Ore Reserve estimations (as applicable) meet the JORC code
requirements.


COMPETENT PERSON’S STATEMENTS – MINERAL RESOURCES
The information in this report that relates to the 2020 Mineral Resources is based on information compiled by
Ms Elizabeth Haren and Dr Andrew Scogings. Ms Haren is Associate Principal Consultant at Snowden Group
Mining Industry Consultants. Dr Scogings is Associate Executive Consultant at a Snowden Group Mining Industry
Consultants and a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and a Member of the Australian
Institute of Geoscientists. Dr Scogings has sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of
deposit under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined
in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, and Ore
Reserves. Dr Scogings consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information in the form
and context in which it appears.

The information in this report that relates to the Niobium Rich Rare Metals Project is based on information
compiled by Mr Brendan Shand. Mr Shand is a consultant geologist to Lynas Rare Earths. Mr. Shand is a Member of
The Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Shand has sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation
and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as Competent Person
as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources,
and Ore Reserves (JORC Code). Mr Shand consents to the disclosure of information in this report in the form and
context in which it appears.


COMPETENT PERSON’S STATEMENTS – ORE RESERVES
The information in this Release which relates to the 2021 Ore Reserves estimate accurately reflect information
prepared by Competent Persons (as defined by the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves). The information in this public statement that relates to the Mt Weld Rare Earths
Project is based on information resulting from Feasibility works carried out by Auralia Mining Consulting Pty Ltd.
Mr Steve Lampron completed the Ore Reserve estimate. Mr Steve Lampron is a Member of the Australasian
Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and
type of deposit under consideration and to the activity that he is undertaking to qualify him as a Competent Person
as defined in accordance with the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC). Mr Steve
Lampron consents to the inclusion in the document of the information in the form and context in which it appears.




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                      103
Additional Information
Additional information required by the Australian Securities Exchange Ltd and not shown elsewhere in this report.
The information is current as at 1 September 2021.


(A) Distribution of Ordinary Shares
The number of shareholders by size of holding of ordinary shares is:


                                                                                      Number            Percentage
Holdings Ranges                                                   Holders            of Shares            of Shares

1 – 1,000                                                          22,312           10,576,231                1.170
1,001 – 5,000                                                      15,470          39,488,109                4.380
5,001 – 10,000                                                         4,101      30,844,759                 3.420
10,001 – 100,000                                                       3,721       92,901,859               10.300
100,001 and over                                                        256        728,265,111             80.730

Totals                                                            45,860         902,076,069               100.00

The number of shareholders holding less than
a marketable parcel of shares                                          883              21,100           0.002339


(B)      Distribution of Employee Options/Performance Rights
There are 3,681,037 unlisted employee options / performance rights. The number of beneficial holders, by size of
holding, of employee options / performance rights are:

Holdings Ranges                                                                                            Holders

1 – 1,000                                                                                                          0
1,001 – 5,000                                                                                                      0
5,001 – 10,000                                                                                                     0
10,001 – 100,000                                                                                                   22
100,001 and over                                                                                                    6

Total                                                                                                              28




104                                                                                          www.LynasRareEarths.com
(C)     Twenty Largest Shareholders
The names of the twenty largest registered holders of quoted shares are:

                                                                                      Listed Ordinary Shares

                                                                                         Number            % of
                                                                                        of Shares        Shares

   1    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                    287,859,974        31.911%
   2    J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                     113,988,611      12.636%
   3    CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                 101,722,199       11.276%
   4    NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                     50,682,338        5.618%
   5    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD ACF CLEARSTREAM                                  30,611,408        3.393%
   6    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                         15,690,812        1.739%
   7    BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                  11,915,121       1.321%
   8    MERRILL LYNCH (AUSTRALIA) NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                 9,332,906        1.035%
   9    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD SIX SIS LTD <DRP A/C>                              7,233,214      0.802%
  10    ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                       6,779,221        0.752%
   11   HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER                   4,894,301        0.543%
        CORP A/C>
  12    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                              4,630,563        0.513%
  13    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT DRP>                      4,617,201       0.512%
  14    CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                   3,545,149        0.393%
  15    MS AMANDA MARGARET LACAZE & MR WAYNE VINCENT MORGAN <THE                       2,626,472        0.291%
        MORGAN LACAZE A/C>
  16    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                      2,226,566        0.247%
  17    MALAY-SINO CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES SENDIRIAN BERHAD                                2,107,686        0.234%
  18    ECAPITAL NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <ACCUMULATION A/C>                               2,085,398        0.231%
  19    MR JUNSHI WANG                                                                 2,058,500        0.228%
 20     NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                              1,577,867        0.175%

        TOTAL                                                                       666,185,507         73.850



(D) Substantial Shareholders
The names of substantial shareholders who have notified the Company in accordance with section 671B of the
Corporations Act 2001 are:

                                                                                               Relevant Interest
                                                                                      in Listed Ordinary Shares

   1    FMR LLC                                                                                      58,437,560
   2    BlackRock Group                                                                              54,180,840
   3    Ausbil Investment Management Limited                                                         51,824,476
   4    Vanguard Group                                                                               45,023,974




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                                                 105
Additional Information




(E)    Voting Rights
All ordinary shares (whether fully paid or not) carry one vote per share without restriction. No other class of equity
securities carries voting rights unless converted into ordinary shares.


(F)     Schedule of Interests in Mining Tenements
                                                                        Tenement                  Percentage Held

Mt Weld Rare Earths Project
Mt Weld                                                                   M38/58                         100
Mt Weld                                                                   M38/59                         100
Mt Weld                                                                  M38/326                         100
Mt Weld                                                                  M38/327                         100
Mt Weld                                                                  E38/2224                        100
Mt Weld                                                                  E38/2935                        100
Mt Weld                                                                  L38/224                         100
Mt Weld                                                                   L38/98                         100
Mt Weld                                                                   G38/34                         100
Mt Weld                                                                   G38/35                         100




106                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
Notes




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report   107
Notes




108     www.LynasRareEarths.com
Corporate Directory

                                            Directors
                                            Kathleen Conlon
                                            Amanda Lacaze
                                            Philippe Etienne
                                            Vanessa Guthrie
                                            John Humphrey
ABN 27 009 066 648
                                            Grant Murdoch


                                            Company Secretary
                                            Sarah Leonard


                                            Registered Office
                                            Level 1, 45 Royal Street
                                            East Perth WA 6004

                                            p +61 8 6241 3800
                                            general@lynasre.com


                                            Website
                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com


                                            Share Register
                                            Boardroom Pty Limited
                                            Level 12, Grosvenor Place
                                            225 George Street
                                            Sydney NSW 2000

                                            p +61 2 9290 9600
                                            f +61 2 9279 0664
                                            enquiries@boardroomlimited.com.au


                                            Auditors
                                            Ernst & Young
                                            11 Mounts Bay Road
                                            Perth WA 6000




Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2021 Annual Report                                  109
CORPORATE DIRECTORY
ABN 27 009 066 648




Registered Office
Level 1, 45 Royal Street
East Perth WA 6004

p +61 8 6241 3800
f +61 8 9242 7219

general@lynasre.com



Malaysian Office
PT17212 Jalan Gebeng 3
Kawasan Perindustrian Gebeng
26080 Kuantan, Pahang Darul Makmur
Malaysia

p +60 9 582 5200
f +60 9 582 5291

general@lynasre.com



Share Register
Boardroom Pty Ltd

Level 12, Grosvenor Place
225 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000 Australia

p +61 2 9290 9600
f +61 2 9279 0664

enquiries@boardroomlimited.com.au



Auditors
Ernst & Young

200 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000 Australia




w LynasRareEarths.com
