                For personal use only




        2024


Annual Report
                        Contents

                        FY24 Key Figures and Highlights                   1

                        Chair’s Letter                                    2




For personal use only
                        CEO Review                                        4

                        Our Operations                                    7

                        Living our Values                                 7

                        Board of Directors                                8

                        Senior Management Team                            8

                        Directors’ Report                                 9

                        Environmental, Social and
                        Governance Statement                             35

                        Remuneration Report – Audited                    35

                        Directors’ Declaration                           55

                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration               56

                        Independent Auditor’s Report                     57

                        Financial Statements                             63
                          Consolidated Statement of Profit or
                          Loss and Comprehensive Income                  64
                          Consolidated Statement of
                          Financial Position                             65
                          Consolidated Statement of
                          Changes in Equity                              66
                          Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows           67

                        Notes to the Financial Statements            68

                        Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves           108

                        Additional Information                           111

                        Corporate Directory                 Back Cover




                        Lynas Rare Earths acknowledges the Traditional
                        Owners of the lands on which we live and work,
                        across Australia.

                        We acknowledge and value Lynas’ Aboriginal
                        and Torres Strait Islander employees, partners
                        and communities and pay respect to their
                        Elders past and present.
                                                                                      FY24 Key Figures
                                                                                        and Highlights




For personal use only
                                                                         $463.3m                 $523.8
                                                                                                 Cash and Short Term
                                                                         Sales Revenue           Deposits



                                                                         $84.5m                  $579.3m
                                                                                                 Property, Plant &
                                                                         Net Profit after Tax
                                                                                                 Equipment Capital Spend




                                                                         1117                   10,908 tonnes
                                                                         Employees              Total REO production




                                                                         24%                    5,655 tonnes
                                                                         Women
                                                                                                Total NdPr production
                                                                         Employees




                                                                         External
                                                                         accreditations
                                                                         maintained




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                     1
                        Chair’s Letter

                                          Dear Shareholder, I’m pleased to present
                                          the Lynas Rare Earths Annual Report for the
                                          2024 financial year.




For personal use only
                                          The Company delivered a positive financial performance despite challenging
                                          external market conditions. Significant progress was made on key growth
                                          initiatives which position the Company to benefit from future market
                                          improvements and deliver long term shareholder value.

                                          Key FY24 financial outcomes reflected the challenging conditions and
                                          included revenue of $463.3m and a Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) of $84.5m.
                                          While NdPr production decreased by 8% year on year, due in large part to
                                          a 6-week works program at Lynas Malaysia, total costs reduced by 17% year
                                          on year. This cost performance demonstrates the Company’s strong
                        “Lynas is proud   financial discipline and steadfast focus on delivering process efficiencies
                                          and improved recoveries across all operations.
                        of our position
                                          During the year, the average China domestic price of NdPr (VAT excluded)
                        as an ethical     decreased from US$60.4/kg in June 2023 to US$44.0/kg in June 2024.
                                          There has been some positive movements in the NdPr market price since
                        and responsible   May 2024, however, prices are likely to remain volatile until the Chinese
                                          economy improves.
                        producer of       Significantly for Lynas, the variation of the Malaysian operating licence
                        rare earth        announced in October 2023 has enabled the continuation of cracking and
                                          leaching in Malaysia and provided confidence for further investment in our
                        materials...”     Malaysian operations. This includes the major works program completed
                                          at Lynas Malaysia in the December 2023 quarter and the reconfiguration
                                          of a circuit to deliver first production of two Heavy Rare Earth products
                                          (Dysprosium and Terbium) in Malaysia in CY2025.

                                          In Western Australia, the new Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility
                                          delivered first production of Mixed Rare Earth Carbonate (MREC) in the
                                          June 2024 quarter and the first shipment of MREC was dispatched to
                                          Lynas Malaysia for processing. This milestone was the result of excellent
                                          collaboration between our Australian and Malaysian teams, including the
                                          contribution of a number of our Malaysian team who are working on site
                                          in Kalgoorlie. I’m pleased to report that the first MREC from Kalgoorlie has
                                          been successfully processed at our Malaysian facility.

                                          At Mt Weld, key achievements including the successful completion of the
                                          exploration drilling program, the commencement of a new mining program
                                          and the completion of construction for Stage 1 (Concentrate Dewatering) of
                                          the Mt Weld Expansion project.




                        2                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
                                                                    On 5 August 2024, Lynas released the 2024 Mt Weld Mineral Resource and
                                                                    Ore Reserve Update which included a 92% increase in Mineral Resources1 and
                                                                    a 63% increase in Mt Weld Ore Reserves,2 a 93% increase in contained Dy and
                                                                    a significant increase in contained Heavy Rare Earth mineralisation.




For personal use only
                                                                    We are committed to a program to reduce Greenhouse Gas (GHG)
                                                                    emissions and on 22 July 2024, Lynas signed contracts with Zenith Energy
                                                                    for the supply of power from a gas-firmed hybrid renewable power station
                                                                    at Mt Weld. Early works for the new power station commenced in FY24 and,
                                                                    once fully operational, the 75MW hybrid power station is forecast to reduce
                                                                    GHG emissions by approximately 60,000t CO2-equivalent per year when
                                                                    compared to a diesel-only power station of equivalent size.

                                                                    In August 2024, Lynas signed an approx. US$258m follow on contract with
                                                                    the United States (U.S.) Department of Defense (DoD) for the construction
                                                                    of a U.S. Heavy Rare Earths processing facility. Detailed engineering,
                                                                    procurement and approvals activities continued for the planned U.S.
                                                                    facility during the year.

                                                                    Progress on key growth initiatives in FY24 demonstrates the Company’s
                                                                    ongoing commitment to diversifying its industrial footprint, increasing
                                                                    production capacity, and investing in the world class Mt Weld resource.

                                                                    Lynas is proud of our position as an ethical and responsible producer of
                                                                    rare earth materials and we are committed to reporting transparently on the
                                                                    material issues for our business. Our annual update on environmental, social
                                                                    and governance (ESG) initiatives and performance is available in the 2024
                                                                    ESG Report on our website at LynasRareEarths.com.

                                                                    On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Amanda Lacaze and the
                                                                    executive team for their leadership this year and extend that thanks to the
                                                                    entire Lynas team for their contributions to Lynas’ success in 2024.

                                                                    The Board would also like to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued
                                                                    support. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the year ahead.




                                                                    John Humphrey
                                                                    Chair




                                                                    1
                                                                         Mineral Resource cut-off grade of 2.5% TREO applied
                                                                    2
                                                                         Reserves cutoff of 2.8% TREO compared to 4.0% TREO used for 2018 Reserves

                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                               3
                        CEO Review

                                              The 2024 financial year was both an exciting and
                                              challenging year for Lynas Rare Earths.




For personal use only
                                              In FY24, Lynas delivered positive financial performance and maintained
                                              a strong balance sheet. During the year, we also met a number of major
                                              milestones associated with our growth plan.

                                              Achievements in the financial year included the variation to the Malaysian
                                              operating licence to enable the continuation of cracking and leaching
                                              in Malaysia and first production from our new Kalgoorlie Rare Earths
                                              Processing Facility. The construction and commissioning of such a large
                                              facility in just over two years from receipt of full construction approvals is a
                                              credit to the skills and perseverance of our Kalgoorlie team and the support
                                              received from our Malaysian experts.

                                              Whilst the 2024 financial outcomes were lower than the prior year when
                                              prices were much more favourable, they reflect our continuing focus on
                        “These works have     capturing cost efficiencies across the business. Lynas has over a decade of
                                              experience as a supplier of separated rare earths and this means we are well
                        also enabled the      prepared to weather price volatility.

                        reconfiguration of
                                              Investing for the future
                        an existing Solvent   Lynas is an integrated rare earths producer and in FY24, $579.3m was
                                              invested in capital and mine development projects, primarily related to
                        Extraction (SX)       the new Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility, the Mt Weld Expansion
                                              project, and capacity and efficiency projects at Lynas Malaysia.
                        circuit to produce
                                              The foundation of Lynas’ ongoing success and financial sustainability is the
                        two Heavy Rare        high grade, long life Mt Weld ore body and progress at Mt Weld this year has
                                              been exciting. This has included the completion of the exploration drilling
                        Earth products        program, the completion of Stage 1 construction of the Mt Weld Expansion
                                              project, and the signing of a new 5-year mining contract with Carey Group.
                        (Dysprosium
                                              The exploration drilling program informed the 2024 Mt Weld Mineral
                        and Terbium) in       Resource and Ore Reserve Update1 which was released on 5 August 2024
                                              and included a 92% increase in Mineral Resources2 and a 63% increase in
                        Malaysia for the      Mt Weld Ore Reserves,3 a 93% increase in contained Dy and a significant
                                              increase in contained Heavy Rare Earth mineralisation.
                        first time.”
                                              The Mt Weld capacity expansion project progressed well during the
                                              year. Stage 1 (Concentrate Dewatering) construction was completed and
                                              commissioning commenced in the June 2024 quarter, while construction
                                              of Stage 2 (balance of plant) continues.




                                              1
                                                  Refer to Appendix A
                                              2
                                                  Mineral Resource cut-off grade of 2.5% TREO applied
                                              3
                                                  Reserves cutoff of 2.8% TREO compared to 4.0% TREO used for 2018 Reserves

                        4                                                                                   www.LynasRareEarths.com
For personal use only
                        In Malaysia, the variation to the operating licence has provided a platform for sustainable operations and we are
                        progressing our investment program accordingly. During the year, our largest program of works in over a decade
                        was successfully and safely completed in December 2023. The works enable a progressive uplift to separation
                        capacity of approximately 10,500 tonnes p.a. for the NdPr family (NdPr, Nd, Pr), in line with our previously announced
                        Lynas 2025 goals. These works have also enabled the reconfiguration of an existing Solvent Extraction (SX) circuit to
                        produce two Heavy Rare Earth products (Dysprosium and Terbium) in Malaysia for the first time. First production is
                        expected in CY2025.

                        In Kalgoorlie, following final commissioning activities, production of Mixed Rare Earth Carbonate (MREC)
                        commenced in the June 2024 quarter and the first shipment of MREC was dispatched to Lynas Malaysia. The ramp
                        up of the Kalgoorlie Facility continues as planned, and is being managed to align with increased production capacity
                        at Mt Weld and Lynas Malaysia and with market demand.

                        In the U.S., Lynas signed a follow on contract with the United States (U.S.) Department of Defense (DoD) for the
                        construction of the Heavy Rare Earths component of the Lynas U.S. Rare Earths Processing Facility. Detailed
                        engineering, procurement and approvals activities continued for the planned U.S. Facility in FY24.

                        During the year, $579.3m was invested in capital and mine development projects. Notwithstanding this heavy capital
                        investment program in FY24, we ended the period with a robust cash balance of $523.8m. Long dated debt reduced
                        to US$130m, preserving a strong Balance Sheet despite the low market prices through FY24.

                        Capital expenditure is expected to be approximately $400–$500 million in FY25 including sustaining capital, mining
                        activities and major growth projects.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                           5
                        Demonstrating resilience through market cycles
                        I am pleased to report revenue of $463.3m and a Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) of $84.5m for the 2024 financial year.
                        Whilst NdPr production decreased by 8%, in a year when we undertook a major works program at Lynas Malaysia,
                        total costs reduced by 17% compared to FY23. Initiatives to improve the flow sheet at each stage and deliver better
                        recoveries were at the heart of the cost improvements achieved in FY24, together with a continued focus on
                        optimising procurement and operational efficiency.

                        During the year production decisions reflected the muted market environment. In FY24, NdPr production was
                        5,655 tonnes (down from 6,142 tonnes in FY23) and total REO production was 10,908 tonnes. This included the six
                        week temporary shutdown of Lynas Malaysia in the December 2023 quarter whilst major works to support the
                        capacity expansion were completed.

                        The average China domestic price of NdPr (VAT excluded) decreased from US$60.4/kg in June 2023 to US$44.0/kg
                        in June 2024. FY24 was the most challenging pricing environment for Rare Earths for several years. Pleasingly, there
                        have been positive movements in the NdPr market price since May 2024, and we continue to focus on fulfilling
                        contracted customer requirements and maintaining our strategy of not selling into the spot market.




For personal use only
                        Despite the short term effects of low market prices, we continue to see investment and government policy initiatives
                        which will support the development of the Rare Earths market.


                        Responsible production of essential rare earth materials
                        At Lynas, we are committed to reducing Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions from operations. During the year we
                        commenced early works for a new hybrid power station at Mt Weld and on 22 July 2024 contracts were signed with
                        Zenith Energy for the supply of power from an approximately 65MW gas-firmed hybrid renewable power station to
                        Lynas’ Mt Weld mine and concentration plant.

                        The thermal power station is expected to be completed in the first half of CY2025 and renewables (solar, wind and
                        battery storage) will be installed progressively, with full operation expected in CY2026. The hybrid power station has
                        been designed to deliver up to approximately 70% average annual renewable energy as well as reliable baseload
                        thermal capability.

                        Early works progress in FY24 included construction of the thermal (gas) power station with orders placed for long
                        lead items including wind turbines.

                        In Malaysia, works to install a 0.75MW rooftop solar array also commenced in FY24.


                        Our focus in FY25
                        Lynas is the only scale producer of separated rare earths outside China, a unique position from which to grow.

                        The 2024 financial year demonstrated Lynas’ ability to operate a profitable business through the price cycle. This is
                        the result of strong financial discipline, an unrelenting focus on identifying and capturing cost efficiencies, and a
                        clear focus on key customer requirements.

                        In FY25, the team remains focused on fulfilling key customer needs, maximising internal efficiencies, ensuring we are
                        future fit and delivering excellent value for our shareholders.

                        Our people across Australia and Malaysia achieved many successes and milestones this year and I would like to
                        thank all members of our team for their hard work and contribution to the 2024 financial year.

                        We appreciate the excellent support of our shareholders and are focused on continuing to build value in your
                        Company over the year ahead.




                        Amanda Lacaze
                        Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer




                        6                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Our Operations




For personal use only
                            MALAYSIA                                     AUSTRALIA                                    UNITED STATES
                                       Lynas Malaysia:                            Mt Weld, WA:                                    Planned U.S. Rare
                                       Integrated Rare                            Tier 1 Rare                                     Earths Processing
                                       Earths refinery in                         Earths deposit,                                 Facility
                                       Gebeng, Malaysia.                          Concentration Plant,
                                                                                  Capacity expansion
                                                                                  Project




                                                                                  Kalgoorlie, WA:
                                                                                  New Rare Earths
                                                                                  Processing Facility




                        Living our Values


                                  Care                 Achievement                 Expertise                 Diversity               Sustainability
                          We care for and respect      We are resilient and   We are driven to be the    We are a multicultural    We are passionate about
                               each other, our           committed. We         world’s best in Rare     company. We value and          contributing to a
                           communities and the       overcome challenges to   Earths and to earn the      embrace diversity.        sustainable future and
                          environment. We make          achieve our goals.        respect of our                                     green technologies.
                          sure we all go home safe                                  customers.
                                  and well.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                       7
                        BOARD OF DIRECTORS




                        John Humphrey                   Amanda Lacaze                    John Beevers
                        Chair                           Managing Director & CEO          Non-Executive Director




For personal use only
                        Philippe Etienne                Dr Vanessa Guthrie AO            Grant Murdoch
                        Non-Executive Director          Non-Executive Director           Non-Executive Director




                        SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM




                        Amanda Lacaze            Mimi Afzan Afza       Dato Sri Mashal          Daniel Havas            Chris Jenney
                        Managing Director        Vice President        Ahmad                    Vice President          VP Major Projects
                        & CEO                    People & Culture      Vice President           Strategy & Investor
                                                                       Malaysia                 Relations




                                                 Sarah Leonard         Pol Le Roux              Jennifer Parker         Gaudenz
                                                 General Counsel &     Chief Operating          Vice President          Sturzenegger
                                                 Company Secretary     Officer                  Corporate Affairs       Chief Financial Officer




                        8                                                                                             www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Directors’ Report

                        The Board of Directors (the “Board” or the “Directors”) of Lynas Rare Earths
                        Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the
                        “Group”) submit their report for the year ended 30 June 2024. In order




For personal use only
                        to comply with the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, the Directors
                        report as follows:


                        CORPORATE INFORMATION
                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited is limited by shares and is incorporated and domiciled in Australia. The Group’s corporate
                        structure is as follows:


                                                                    Lynas Rare Earths Limited
                                                                               ACN 009 066 648                                     0.01%
                                                                             ABN 27 009 066 648
                                                                         Date of Incorporation 23/5/1983
                                                                                Registered in WA




                               100%                    100%                         100%                         100%                      100%                    100%
                          Lynas Services             Mt Weld                  Lynas Kalgoorlie                Lynas USA              Lynas Malaysia           Lynas Africa
                             Pty Ltd                 Holdings                     Pty Ltd                        LLC                    Sdn Bhd                Holdings
                         ACN 31 103 936 232
                                                      Pty Ltd                 ACN 73 053 160 302           Date of Incorporation    Malaysian Company No
                                                                                                                                                                Pty Ltd
                         Date of Incorporation   ACN 75 073 998 106           Date of Incorporation             24/6/2019              200601032530           ACN 148 189 511
                              3/3/2003           Date of Incorporation              29/7/1991                 Registered in          Date of Incorporation   Date of Incorporation
                             Registered in            15/5/1996                   Registered in              Delaware, USA                 6/11/2006               13/1/2011
                               Victoria             Registered in                    NSW                                                Registered in           Registered in
                                                         WA                                                                                Malaysia                Victoria


                                                                                                                                                                          99.99%

                                                       100%                                                                                                        100%
                                                 Mt Weld Mining                                                                                               Lynas Africa
                                                     Pty Ltd                                                                                                    Limited
                                                 ABN 96 053 160 400                                                                                          Malawi Company No
                                                 Date of Incorporation                                                                                              8409
                                                      29/7/1991                                                                                              Date of Incorporation
                                                     Registered in                                                                                                12/7/2007
                                                        NSW                                                                                                     Registered in
                                                                                                                                                                   Malawi




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                                               9
                        Directors’ Report




                        DIRECTORS
                        The names and details of the Company’s Directors who were in office during or since the end of the financial year
                        are as set out below. All Directors were in office for this entire period unless otherwise stated.

                        John Humphrey LLB (Appointed Chair 29 November 2023)
                        Non-Executive Director
                        Mr Humphrey joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director on 15 May 2017 and appointed Chair on
                        29 November 2023. His key areas of expertise include mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance and
                        corporate governance.

                        Mr Humphrey is a senior consultant to King & Wood Mallesons. He was the Dean of the Faculty of Law at Queensland
                        University of Technology from January 2013 until June 2019. He was a Senior Partner at King & Wood Mallesons
                        between 1998 and 2012 and a Partner at Corrs Chambers Westgarth between 1980 and 1998. He is an experienced
                        Non-Executive Director having previously been Chairman and a Non-Executive Director of Spotless Group Holdings




For personal use only
                        until 31 January 2021 and Chairman and Non-Executive Director of Auswide Bank Limited (formerly Wide Bay Australia
                        Limited) until 31 December 2020. He was appointed as Chairman and a Non-Executive Director of Titles Queensland
                        in August 2021 and he has previously served as Chairman and Non-Executive Director of Horizon Oil Limited and Villa
                        World Limited, Deputy Chairman of King & Wood Mallesons and as a Non-Executive Director of Cromwell Property
                        Group, Downer Group Limited, and Sunshine Broadcasting Group Limited. He has also served as a member of the
                        Australian Takeovers Panel. He is a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

                        Mr Humphrey is a member (since 29 November 2023) of the Nomination, Remuneration and Community
                        Committee and a member of the Audit, Risk and ESG Committee.

                        Amanda Lacaze BA, MAICD
                        Managing Director
                        Ms Lacaze was appointed as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on 25 June 2014
                        following her appointment as a Non-Executive Director of the Company on 1 January 2014.

                        Ms Lacaze brings more than 25 years of senior operational experience to Lynas, including as Chief Executive Officer of
                        Commander Communications, Executive Chairman of Orion Telecommunications and Chief Executive Officer of AOL|7.
                        Prior to that, Ms Lacaze was Managing Director of Marketing at Telstra and held various business management roles at
                        ICI Australia (now Orica and Incitec Pivot). Ms Lacaze’s early experience was in consumer goods with Nestle.

                        Ms Lacaze is a member of Chief Executive Women and the Australian Institute of Company Directors. She was a
                        Non-Executive Director of ING Bank Australia until 30 May 2021. Ms Lacaze holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree from
                        the University of Queensland and postgraduate Diploma in Marketing from the Australian Graduate School of
                        Management.

                        John Beevers Bachelor of Engineering, Master of Business (Appointed 1 May 2023) GAICD
                        Non-Executive Director
                        Mr Beevers joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director on 1 May 2023. Mr Beevers is an experienced Board
                        director with over 30 years’ experience in the resources, mining services and chemical industries. He has broad
                        international experience in operations and leadership, including as CEO of Orica Mining Services and Managing
                        Director and CEO for Groundprobe.

                        Mr Beevers is currently a Non-Executive Director of Orica Limited and Syrah Resources Limited. He is also a grad-
                        uate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

                        Mr Beevers is a member of the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee and a member of the
                        Health, Safety and Environment Committee.




                        10                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Philippe Etienne MBA, BSc (Phys) (Pharm) GAICD
                        Non-Executive Director
                        Mr Etienne joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director on 1 January 2015. He is a Non-Executive Director and
                        Chair of Cleanaway Waste Management Limited (appointed Chair 20 September 2023) and Non- Executive Director
                        of Aristocrat Leisure Limited. Mr Etienne is also a former Non-Executive Director of Sedgman Limited and the
                        former Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Innovia Security Pty Ltd.

                        Previously, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Orica Mining Services and was a member of Orica Limited’s
                        Executive Committee.

                        Mr Etienne is a member and graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. His career includes senior
                        executive positions with Orica in Australia, the USA and Germany including strategy and planning and responsibility
                        for synergy delivery of large scale acquisitions.

                        Mr Etienne is the Chair of the Health, Safety and Environment Committee and a member of the Audit, Risk and ESG
                        Committee.




For personal use only
                        Dr Vanessa Guthrie AO, Hon DSc, PhD, BSc (Hons) FAICD
                        Non-Executive Director
                        Dr Guthrie was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 1 October 2020. Dr Guthrie has qualifications in geology,
                        environment, law and business management including a PhD in Geology and over 30 years’ experience in the
                        resources sector.

                        Dr Guthrie is currently a Non-Executive Director of Santos Limited, North American Construction Group Limited
                        (appointed 1 March 2024), Tronox Holdings PLC (retired 21 February 2024), Orica Limited, Cricket Australia,
                        Infrastructure Australia (retired 15 April 2024) and Chancellor of Curtin University (appointed 1 April 2024). Dr Guthrie
                        was formerly the Lead Independent Director and Deputy Chair of Adbri Limited and a non-Executive Director of
                        the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. She is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and the
                        Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering and the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and
                        holds an Honorary Doctor of Science from Curtin University. Dr Guthrie was appointed an Officer of the Order of
                        Australia in 2021 in recognition of her contribution to the minerals and resources sector.

                        Dr Guthrie is a member of the Audit, Risk and ESG Committee (ceased 29 November 2023) and the Health, Safety
                        and Environment Committee. Dr Guthrie is Chair of the Remuneration, Nomination and Community Committee
                        (since 29 November 2023).

                        Grant Murdoch M COM (Hons), FAICD, FCA
                        Non-Executive Director
                        Mr Murdoch joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director on 30 October 2017. Mr Murdoch has more than 38 years
                        of chartered accounting experience. From 2004 to 2011, Mr Murdoch led the corporate finance team for Ernst & Young
                        Queensland and was an audit and corporate finance partner with Deloitte from 1980 to 2000. Mr Murdoch has extensive
                        experience in providing advice in relation to mergers, acquisitions, takeovers, corporate restructures, share issues,
                        pre-acquisition pricing due diligence advice, expert reports for capital raisings and initial public offerings.

                        Mr Murdoch is currently a Non-Executive Director and chair of the audit committee of Auswide Bank Ltd and was
                        appointed Non-executive Chaiman of Eagle Street Associates Pty Ltd on 1 July 2024. He was previously a director
                        and the chair of the audit committee for OFX Limited (retired 23 February 2024), ALS Limited, Redbubble Limited
                        and QIC. He is a senator of the University of Queensland (as well as chair of the risk committee and member of the
                        finance committee) and an adjunct professor at the University of Queensland Business School. Mr Murdoch has
                        a Master’s degree in Commerce (Honours) from the University of Canterbury, New Zealand, is a graduate of the
                        Kellogg Advanced Executive Program and the Advanced Leadership Program at Northwestern University. He is a
                        fellow of both the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia and New Zealand and of the Australian Institute
                        of Company Directors.

                        Mr Murdoch is the Chair of the Audit, Risk and ESG Committee and a member of the Nomination, Remuneration
                        and Community Committee.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                              11
                        Directors’ Report




                        Kathleen Conlon BA (Econ) (Dist.), MBA, FAICD (Retired 29 November 2023)
                        Non-Executive Chair
                        Ms Conlon was appointed as a Non-Executive Director from 1 November 2011 and retired on 29 November 2023.
                        Ms Conlon is currently Chair and Non-Executive Director of Pilbara Minerals Ltd, Non-Executive Director of Aristocrat
                        Leisure Limited and BlueScope Steel Limited and is a former Non-Executive Director of REA Group Limited, CSR
                        Limited and The Benevolent Society. She is also a member of Chief Executive Women, a fellow of the Australian
                        Institute of Company Directors (AICD) and Chairman of the AICD Corporate Governance Committee, former President
                        of the NSW division of the AICD and a former member of the National Board of the AICD. Ms Conlon was previously
                        Chairperson of the audit committee of the Commonwealth Department of Health. Prior to her Non-Executive Director
                        career, Ms Conlon spent 20 years in professional consulting where she successfully assisted companies to achieve
                        increased shareholder returns through strategic and operational improvements in a diverse range of industries.

                        Ms Conlon is one of the pre-eminent thought leaders in the area of operations and change management, both
                        in Australia and globally. In 2003, Ms Conlon was awarded the Commonwealth Centenary medal for services to
                        business leadership.




For personal use only
                        Ms Conlon was a member of the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee and the Health, Safety
                        and Environment Committee.



                        RESIGNATIONS
                        Kathleen Conlon resigned as Non-Executive Chair on 29 November 2023. John Humphrey was appointed to
                        Non-Executive Chair on the same date.



                        COMPANY SECRETARY
                        Sarah Leonard
                        Ms Leonard is an experienced General Counsel and a leading resources and infrastructure lawyer. She was previously
                        the Group Legal Counsel at Monadelphous Group Limited, an ASX listed contractor in the resources sector. In that role,
                        she was responsible for governance, compliance and regulatory matters in relation to the Group. Prior to her role as
                        Group Legal Counsel, Sarah was a partner at Corrs Chambers Westgarth in the construction and infrastructure team.



                        REMUNERATION OF KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
                        Information about the remuneration of key management personnel is set out in the remuneration report of this
                        Directors’ Report. The term ‘key management personnel’ refers to those persons having authority and responsibility
                        for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including any Director of the
                        Company.



                        DIRECTORS SHAREHOLDINGS
                        As at the date of this report, the Directors’ shareholdings are consistent with the shareholdings table described in
                        Section I(i) of the remuneration report.



                        NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                        The principal activities of the Group are:
                             • Integrated mining of Rare Earth minerals in Australia and minerals processing in Australia and Malaysia; and
                             • Development of Rare Earth deposits.




                        12                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS
                        Except as disclosed in the review of operations, the factors and business risks that affect future performance and
                        the subsequent events, there have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group during the
                        current financial year.



                        PERFORMANCE REVIEW
                        The Directors together with Management monitor the Group’s overall performance including development and
                        implementation of the strategic plan and the operating and financial performance of the Group.



                        REVIEW OF OPERATIONS




For personal use only
                        Financial highlights
                        Lynas is pleased to report a $84.5m net profit after tax for the 2024 financial year. This was achieved in a challenging
                        market and reflects Lynas’ competitive advantage as a low cost rare earths producer and operator of the high grade
                        Mt Weld rare earths deposit.


                                                                                                                                   Movement
                                                                                     FY24              FY23
                                                                                      $m                $m               $m                  %

                        Net Sales Revenue                                           463.3             739.3           (276.0)            (37.3)
                        Cost of Sales                                               (330.6)          (399.9)            69.3              17.3

                        Gross Profit                                                 132.7           339.4            (206.7)           (60.9)

                        Net Profit Before Tax                                       105.5            347.8            (242.3)           (69.7)

                        Net Profit After Tax                                         84.5             310.7           (226.1)           (72.8)


                                                                                                                                   Movement
                                                                               30 June 24        30 June 23
                                                                                      $m                $m               $m                  %

                        Cash and Short-term Deposits                                523.8            1,011.2          (487.4)           (48.2)

                        Net Assets                                                2,242.8           2,163.4            79.4               3.7

                        Market Capitalisation                                     5,543.9          6,396.6            (852.7)            (13.3)



                        Mt Weld
                        Lynas Rare Earths continues to develop the Mt Weld resource to meet forecast demand growth.

                        During the year, Mt Weld produced sufficient concentrate to both feed the Lynas Malaysia plant and build inventory
                        for the new Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility.

                        Mining
                        As announced on 14 March 2024, Lynas awarded Carey Group a 5-year contract for mining services at the Mt Weld
                        mine. The contract will draw on Carey’s nearly 30 years of experience as an open pit mining contractor and leading
                        100% First Nations-owned business. Under this contract, Lynas has transitioned from campaign mining to contin-
                        uous mining to supply ores to the expanded Mt Weld process plant.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                            13
                        Directors’ Report




                        Mining operations recommenced at Mt Weld during the April quarter of FY24. Carey Group commenced onsite
                        with the removal of waste material above the orebody. As part of our mining contract, Carey Group has brought a
                        new fleet of equipment, including a PC1250 excavator and Komatsu 785 haul trucks.

                        Exploration and Resource Update
                        The Mt Weld exploration program on the exploration target in the fresh carbonatite below the current Mt Weld
                        life of mine design and ore reserve was successfully completed during the year, as announced on 22 January 2024.
                        The program was designed to expand the ore body knowledge of Mt Weld by understanding the primary Rare
                        Earth Elements mineralisation and the geology and structure of the carbonatite host deposit and was supported
                        by our strategic partner, Japan Australia Rare Earths (JARE).

                        Following year end, on 5 August 2024, Lynas announced a 92% increase in Mineral Resources1 and a 63% increase
                        in Ore Reserves,2 with a significant increase in contained Heavy Rare Earth mineralisation.

                        The Ore Reserve update will support:
                             • a >35 year mine life at production rates for sufficient concentrate feedstock for production capacity of




For personal use only
                                 7,200 tpa NdPr (Neodymium Praseodymium) oxide finished product; and
                             • a >20 year mine life at expanded production rates for sufficient concentrate feedstock for production
                                 capacity of 12,000tpa of NdPr oxide finished product in line with Mt Weld expansion capacity (currently under
                                 construction).

                        Over 84,000 metres of drilling was performed since the previous Mineral Resource update in August 2018, targeting rare
                        earth element mineral resources surrounding the open cut mine in the saprolite zone and to 200 metres below surface.

                        The fresh carbonatite below the weathered laterite zone was encountered in all holes to 200 metres. Monazite is the
                        major rare earth mineral in the dolomite carbonatite whilst parisite, synchysite and bastnasite are the predominant
                        rare earth minerals in the dolomite phoscorite and calcite carbonatite surrounding the dolomite core of the Mineral
                        Resource area.

                        The Mt Weld Rare Earth Mineral Resources estimate is now 106.6 million tonnes at an average grade of 4.12% Total
                        Rare Earth Oxide (TREO) for a total of 4.39 million tonnes of contained TREO. A Mineral Resource cut-off grade of
                        2.5% TREO was applied.

                        Compared to the August 2018 Mineral Resources estimate, the Mineral Resources has increased 92% from 55.4 Mt
                        to 106.6 Mt and contained TREO has increased by 46% from 3.0 million to 4.39 million tonnes TREO, successfully
                        adding resources and replacing depletion.

                        The Mt Weld Rare Earth Ore Reserves are now 32.0 million tonnes at 6.4% TREO for 2.0 million tonnes of contained
                        TREO. This now includes Mt Weld processing tailings with an average 7.3% TREO.

                        Compared to the August 2018 Ore Reserves, the 2024 Ore Reserve:
                             •   Ore Reserves tonnage has increased 63%;
                             •   Average grade has reduced from 8.6% to 6.4% TREO, reflecting depletion and a revised cut-off grade;
                             •   Contained TREO has increased 22% from 1.690 million to 2.064 million tonnes;
                             •   Contained Dy oxide has increased 92% from 6,660 tonnes to 12,790 tonnes.

                        Mt Weld Expansion
                        The Mt Weld expansion project progressed well during the year. Stage 1 (Concentrate Dewatering) construction was
                        completed and commissioning commenced in the June 2024 quarter. The dewatering switch room, thickener and
                        filter circuits have been energised and the new concentrate dewatering circuit has been tied into the existing plant.
                        Once commissioned, this will debottleneck the existing operation while the balance of the new plant is constructed.
                        Commissioning of Stage 1 (Concentrate Dewatering) is expected to be completed by end of September 2024.

                        Construction of Stage 2 (Balance of Plant) continues to ramp up, with all long lead time equipment on site.
                        Structural, mechanical and piping installation of the crushing, grinding and flotation circuits are advancing, and
                        construction of the new Tailings Storage Facility (TSF) has commenced. Construction of Stage 2 (Balance of Plant) is
                        now expected to be completed by the end of FY25.

                        1
                             Mineral Resource cut-off grade of 2.5% TREO applied
                        2
                             Reserves cutoff of 2.8% TREO compared to 4.0% TREO used for 2018 Reserves




                        14                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Commissioning activities for Stage 2 will progress concurrently with construction as individual circuits are completed.
                        Commissioning of the High Voltage distribution, TSF, crushing and water treatment circuits will commence in CY24,
                        and commissioning of the grinding, flotation, leaching and reagents circuits is expected in CY25.

                        Subsequent to year end, on 22 July 2024 Lynas announced the signing of contracts with Zenith Energy for the supply
                        of power from a gas-firmed hybrid renewable power station at Mt Weld. The 75MW hybrid power station has been
                        designed to deliver up to approximately 70% average annual renewable energy as well as reliable baseload thermal
                        capability. Early works are in progress following an early works agreement signed in CY23.

                        It is forecast that the power station will reduce Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) emissions by approximately 60,000t
                        CO2-equivalent per year when compared to a diesel-only power station of equivalent size. Once fully operational, the
                        hybrid power station will have the ability to deliver “engine off” operation, providing renewables-only power during
                        periods of high renewable energy production.


                        Lynas Malaysia
                        Significantly for Lynas Malaysia, as announced on 24 October 2023, a variation to the Malaysian operating licence




For personal use only
                        was issued which allows Lynas to continue to import and process Lanthanide Concentrate from Lynas’ Mt Weld
                        mine in Western Australia at the Lynas Malaysia facility. The amended operating licence is valid until 2 March 2026
                        and its receipt was a welcome confirmation that the Lynas Malaysia facility will continue full operations.

                        Following this, the most significant works in over a decade were successfully completed at Lynas Malaysia from
                        mid-November to the end of the December. The works will enable a progressive uplift to separation capacity of
                        approximately 10,500 tonnes p.a. for the NdPr family (NdPr, Nd, Pr).

                        These works have also enabled the reconfiguration of an existing solvent extraction circuit to produce separated
                        Dy and Tb at Lynas Malaysia for the first time, as announced on 27 June 2024. The Dy/Tb circuit has been designed
                        with capacity to separate up to 1,500 tonnes of SEGH3 per year.4 First production of these two separated Heavy Rare
                        Earths (HRE) products is targeted for the 2025 calendar year and the new products will complement Lynas’ existing
                        Light Rare Earths product range.

                        Lynas’ HRE product range will increase to 5 products: Dy; Tb; unseparated Samarium/Europium/Gadolinium (SEG);
                        Holmium concentrate; and unseparated Samarium/Europium/Gadolinium/Holmium (SEGH). Front end engineering
                        design (FEED) has been completed and detailed engineering design is underway, with commissioning and ramp
                        up expected in mid-CY2025. The approximately $25 million CAPEX for this project will be accommodated within the
                        previously disclosed Lynas Malaysia Industrial Plan.

                        Ready for sale production of NdPr decreased by 8% during the year compared to FY23. While FY23 included two
                        record production quarters, FY24 production was affected by the 6 week works shutdown in the December quarter,
                        disturbances to the global shipping industry that resulted in delayed concentrate deliveries in the June quarter, and
                        a maintenance shutdown required in the June quarter when the main bearings on one of the kilns failed.

                        Despite these challenges, circuits have been reconfigured for 9,000 tonnes per annum NdPr production capacity
                        with ramp up in progress. The process performance modifications undertaken at Lynas Malaysia to progressively
                        work towards 10,500 tonnes per annum NdPr production capacity are on track.

                        Construction of the Permanent Disposal Facility (PDF) for WLP residue from the Lynas Malaysia plant is ongoing.
                        Construction of the first two cells is complete while work on the remaining cells continues. The first cell has now
                        been filled with WLP residues.


                        Kalgoorlie
                        Following final commissioning activities, production of Mixed Rare Earth Carbonate (MREC) commenced in the
                        June 2024 quarter and the first shipment of MREC was dispatched to Lynas Malaysia.

                        The ramp up of the Kalgoorlie facility continues as planned, and is being aligned with increased production at
                        Mt Weld and Lynas Malaysia and with market demand.

                        On 12 July 2024, Lynas provided an update on acid supply arrangements for Kalgoorlie following the announce-
                        ment by BHP on 11 July 2024 that BHP’s Western Australia Nickel operations will be temporarily suspended from
                        October 2024.

                        3
                            SEGH is a mixed Heavy Rare Earth compound containing mixed Samarium, Europium, Gadolinium, Holmium, Dysprosium and Terbium
                        4
                            The circuit separation capacity figure relates to engineering designed infrastructure nameplate capacity only and is not, nor is it intended
                            to be, a ‘production target’ for the purposes of Chapter 5 of the ASX Listing Rules




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                                 15
                        Directors’ Report




                        Lynas has a contract with BHP Nickel West for the supply of Sulphuric Acid to the Kalgoorlie Rare Earth Facility
                        from either the Kalgoorlie nickel smelter or imported sources. BHP’s ability to supply acid from the Kalgoorlie
                        nickel smelter will be affected by BHP’s announcement and in line with the terms of the supply contract, BHP has
                        affirmed its commitment to using reasonable efforts to supply imported acid to Lynas. Lynas and BHP have been
                        working together on contingencies for continued acid supply to Kalgoorlie.


                        Lynas USA
                        As announced on 1 August 2023, Lynas signed a follow on contract with the United States (U.S.) Department of
                        Defense (DoD) for the construction of the Heavy Rare Earths component of the Lynas U.S. Rare Earths Processing
                        Facility.

                        Detailed engineering, procurement and approvals activities continued for our U.S. Rare Earths Processing Facility.
                        As previously disclosed, the federal NEPA environmental approval process was successfully concluded in January
                        2024, with the issuance of a “Finding of No Significant Impact.” Subsequently a further permitting issue has arisen
                        related to wastewater management. It is unlikely this issue will be resolved prior to the end of 2024 and earthworks




For personal use only
                        which were previously planned to commence in 2024 will be delayed until the matter is resolved.


                        Malawi deposit
                        Since fiscal year 2012, no further capital investment has been made on the Kangankunde Rare Earths resource
                        development in Malawi and the project remains on hold while the Malawi deposit remains the subject of an
                        ongoing title dispute. As announced on 22 January 2019, the Malawi government has purported to cancel the
                        Group’s Malawi mining lease and the Group has initiated judicial review proceedings in the Malawi courts chal-
                        lenging that decision.


                        Health, Safety and Environment
                        Lynas is committed to ensuring the Group’s operations in Australia and Malaysia are consistent with national and
                        international safety and sustainability best practice.

                        The 12-month rolling lost time injury frequency rate as at 30 June 2024 was 1.04 per million hours worked (June
                        2023: 1.2 per million hours worked). In addition, the 12-month total recordable injury frequency rate at 30 June 2024
                        was 5.0 per million hours worked (June 2023: 3.2 per million hours worked). Pleasingly, the lost time frequency rate
                        has decreased, however restricted work injuries have risen over the period. This will be a focus of our health and
                        safety programs in FY25.

                        The annual ISO surveillance audits were conducted at Mt Weld and Lynas Malaysia during the year and both sites
                        were recertified for ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management), ISO 14001:2015 (Environmental Management) and ISO
                        45011:2018 (Occupational Health and Safety Management). These sites have been certified since 2012.

                        During the period, Lynas Malaysia was honoured to be named as Best License Holder for Control Category 4
                        2021-2023, by the Malaysian Department of Atomic Energy (AELB). This award recognises Lynas Malaysia’s excellent
                        materials management practices and the achievement of ‘’Very Satisfactory’’ ratings in all safety audits (the highest
                        rating) and excellent record of regulatory compliance.




                        16                                                                                             www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
                        Sales volume, revenue and costs
                                                                                                                                      FY24
                                                                                                                                Percentage
                        Sales by tonnage and value                                  FY24      FY23         FY22         FY21        change

                        Sales volume                                     (REOt)    12,158    16,014       15,263      16,405        (24%)
                        Cash receipts from customers                     (A$m)     460.8      820.8       855.0        465.4        (56%)

                        Sales revenue                                    (A$m)     463.3      739.3       920.0        489.0        (37%)
                        Average selling price                            (A$/kg)     38.1      46.2         60.3        29.8        (18%)




For personal use only
                        Cost of sales                                    (A$m)     (330.6)   (399.9)      (348.4)     (302.2)        17%


                        Market prices
                        The average China domestic price of NdPr (VAT excluded) decreased from US$60.4/kg in June 2023 to US$44.0/kg in
                        June 2024. Future market price trends continue to depend on end product demand (in particular in the automotive
                        industry).

                        Prices for standard La and Ce products were very low. The marginal cost of producing these materials exceeded
                        the potential achieved prices. Production (and sales) of these materials were reduced during FY24 to optimise cost
                        performance.

                        There have been positive movements in the NdPr market price since May 2024, however, Lynas has continued
                        to focus on fulfilling contracted customer requirements and maintained our strategy of not selling into the spot
                        market. An improvement in our average selling price was achieved towards the end of FY24 by managing the
                        timing of sales, especially for Heavy Rare Earths where pricing was particularly volatile.


                        Production volumes
                                                                                                                                      FY24
                                                                                                                                Percentage
                        Production volumes                                          FY24      FY23         FY22         FY21        change

                        Ready for sale production volume total           (REOt)    10,908    16,780       15,970       15,761       (35%)
                        Ready for sale production volume NdPr            (REOt)     5,655     6,142       5,880        5,461         (8%)


                        Ready for sale production of NdPr decreased by 8% in FY24 vs FY23. While FY23 included record production
                        volumes in the March and June quarters, lower production in FY24 was driven by major works undertaken in the
                        December quarter and shipping delays and a maintenance shutdown on one of the kilns in the June quarter.

                        Whilst NdPr production decreased by 8%, total costs reduced by 17% in FY24 vs FY23, a reflection of the continued
                        focus on capturing efficiencies across the business.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                       17
                        Directors’ Report




                        Cash and cash flows
                                                                                                                          FY24              FY23
                                                                                                                          A$m               A$m

                        Net operating cash inflows                                                                        35.0            386.8
                        Net investing cash outflows                                                                     (507.2)           (554.5)
                        Net financing cash (outflows)/inflows                                                             (22.5)           199.0

                        Net cash flows                                                                                  (494.8)             31.3

                        Impact of foreign exchange                                                                         7.4              14.4

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        523.8            1,011.2




For personal use only
                        Operating cash flows remained positive despite the lower selling prices across the year. These operating cash
                        flows include the payment of $26.9m to GSSB to construct and manage the Malaysian PDF project and payments
                        of income taxes of $50.8m, primarily related to FY23 and FY24 instalment payments. Net investing cash outflows
                        included the ongoing payments for property, plant and equipment in relation to the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths
                        Processing Facility and Mt Weld Expansion projects. Finance cash outflows include US$7.0m (A$10.4m) of principal
                        repayments made on the JARE loan facility in line with the loan agreement.


                        Capital Expenditure
                        Capital expenditure is expected to be approximately $400 - $500 million in FY25 for sustaining capital and major
                        growth projects.

                        This includes expenditure in respect of:

                             • the Mt Weld expansion project to increase concentrate feedstock;
                             • the Lynas Malaysia industrial plan, including increased processing capacity and the introduction of a new
                               DyTb separation circuit;
                             • sustaining capital increases and preventative maintenance;
                             • other ongoing operational capital expenditure across all Lynas sites; and
                             • operating costs that are capitalised in accordance with normal accounting principles.
                        As at 30 June 2024, the capital commitments were $152 million, primarily related to the Mt Weld Expansion Project.


                        Debt and Capital
                                                                                                                          FY24              FY23
                                                                                                                          A$m               A$m

                        JARE loan                                                                                         171.8            177.4
                        Total borrowings                                                                                 171.8             177.4

                        Financial income                                                                                  39.8              36.4
                        Financial expenses                                                                                 (9.6)            (4.0)


                        US$7.0m (A$10.4m) of principal repayments were made on the JARE facility. The financial income continued to be
                        strong as a result of increasing interest rates, offset by a decrease in underlying cash balances. Financial expenses have
                        increased as a result of increasing unwinding of the discounting of the restoration liabilities. During the year, $12.1m
                        (FY23: $12.7m) of finance expenses have been capitalised into the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility and Mt
                        Weld Expansion projects. There have been no changes to the interest rate on the JARE facility during the period.




                        18                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        During the year ended 30 June 2024, the Company issued shares as shown below:


                                                                                                                                      Number
                                                                                                                                       (000’s)

                        Shares on issue 30 June 2023                                                                                  933,815
                        Issue of shares pursuant to exercised performance rights                                                          903

                        Shares on issue 30 June 2024                                                                                 934,718




                        Performance rights
                        At 30 June 2024, the Company had the following options and performance rights on issue:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                      Number
                                                                                                                                       (000’s)

                        Performance rights                                                                                               3,619



                        Earnings per share

                        For the year ended 30 June                                                                      FY24              FY23

                        Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                      9.04            34.05
                        Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                                     9.01           33.92



                        Dividends
                        There were no dividends declared or paid during the year ended 30 June 2024 (2023: nil) and no dividends have
                        been declared or paid since 30 June 2024.


                        Risk management
                        The Group takes a proactive approach to risk management. The Directors are responsible for ensuring that risks and
                        opportunities are identified on a timely basis and that the Group’s objectives and activities are aligned with these
                        risks and opportunities.

                        The Group believes it is crucial for Directors to be part of this process, and has an established Audit, Risk and ESG
                        Committee and a Health, Safety and Environment Committee.

                        Lynas Rare Earths has a Risk Management Policy and a Risk Management Framework for oversight and management
                        of material business risks.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                           19
                        Directors’ Report




                        FACTORS AND BUSINESS RISKS THAT AFFECT FUTURE PERFORMANCE
                        Lynas operates in a changing environment and is therefore subject to factors and business risks that will affect
                        future performance.

                        We identify risks, then evaluate the inherent risk of an activity and the mitigation required. Risk assessments are
                        updated by operations and management and reported to the Board of Directors.

                        In FY24, Lynas continued to enhance risk management systems and processes, including by engaging external
                        subject matter experts.

                        Set out below are the principal risks and uncertainties that could have a material effect on Lynas’ future results, both
                        operationally and financially. It is not possible to determine the likelihood of these risks occurring with any certainty.
                        In the event that one or more of these risks materialise, Lynas’ reputation, strategy, business, operations, financial
                        condition and future performance could be materially and adversely affected. There may also be other risks that are
                        currently unknown or are deemed immaterial, but which may subsequently become known and/or material. These




For personal use only
                        may individually or in aggregate adversely affect Lynas.


                        1.         Operational risks
                        1.1        Rare earth prices
                        Lynas’ revenue is affected by market fluctuations in Rare Earth prices. This is because the product prices used in the
                        majority of Lynas’ sales are calculated by pricing formulae that reference published pricing for various Rare Earths
                        materials. The market price has been volatile in the past because it is influenced by numerous factors and events
                        that are beyond the control of Lynas. These include:
                              • Supply side factors: Supply side factors are a significant influence on price volatility for Rare Earth materials.
                                Supply of Rare Earth materials is dominated by Chinese producers. The China Central Government regulates
                                production via quotas and environmental standards. Over the past few years, there has been significant
                                restructuring of the Chinese market in line with China Central government policy. However, periods of
                                restricted supply, over supply or speculative trading of Rare Earths can lead to significant fluctuations in Rare
                                Earth pricing.
                              • Demand side factors: Demand side factors are also a significant influence on price volatility for Rare Earth
                                materials. Demand for end-products that utilise Lynas’ Rare Earths including internal combustion vehicles,
                                hybrid vehicles, electric vehicles and electronic devices fluctuates due to factors including global economic
                                trends, regulatory developments and consumer trends.
                              • Geopolitical factors: Recently Rare Earths have been the focus of significant attention, including as a result of
                                supply chain issues highlighted by the COVID-19 pandemic.
                        The table below illustrates how China domestic prices of NdPr (excluding VAT) have fluctuated over FY24:


                                                         September 2023          December 2023                March 2024               June 2024
                                                                Quarter                Quarter                   Quarter                 Quarter

                        US$/kg                                        59                      60                      47                      46


                        Lynas’ approach to reducing pricing volatility for its customers includes:
                              • Promoting fixed pricing to some customers, set for periods relevant to customer operations;
                              • Developing long term contracts that aim to reduce price variations for end users and OEMs such as car makers
                                and wind turbine manufacturers.

                        Lynas achieved a small price premium compared to the NdPr market price, supported by:
                              • Sustained demand from the Japanese market and selected customers in China;
                              • The recognition by the market that Lynas is now well established as the only supplier of scale of separated Rare
                                Earths outside China;
                              • End users placing more importance on being able to trace the origin of rare earths from an ethical and environ-
                                mentally responsible source of production to their end products, which Lynas can provide.




                        20                                                                                                  www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Strong Rare Earth prices, as well as real or perceived disruptions in supply, may create economic incentives to
                        identify or create alternate technologies that ultimately could depress future long-term demand for Rare Earths.
                        This may, at the same time, incentivise the development of additional mining properties to produce Rare Earths.
                        If industries reduce their reliance on Rare Earth products, the resulting change in demand could have a material
                        adverse effect on Lynas’ business. In particular, if prices or demand for Rare Earths were to decline, this could impair
                        Lynas’ ability to obtain financing for current or additional projects and its ability to find purchasers for its products at
                        prices acceptable to Lynas.

                        It is impossible to predict future Rare Earths price movements with certainty. Any sustained low Rare Earths prices
                        or further declines in the price of Rare Earths, including as a result of periods of over-supply and/or speculative
                        trading of Rare Earths, will adversely affect Lynas’ business, results of operations and its ability to finance planned
                        capital expenditures, including development projects.

                        1.2      Market competition
                        Lynas Rare Earths supply contracts and profits may be adversely affected by the introduction of new mining and
                        separation facilities and any increase in competition in the global Rare Earths market, either of which could increase




For personal use only
                        the global supply of Rare Earths. If this is at a rate faster than demand growth it could potentially lead to lower prices.

                        1.3      Exchange rates
                        Lynas is exposed to fluctuations in the US dollar as all sales are denominated in US dollars. Lynas borrows money
                        and holds a portion of cash in US dollars, which provides Lynas with a partial natural hedge. Accordingly, Lynas’
                        income from customers, and the value of its business, will be affected by fluctuations in the rate by which the
                        US dollar is exchanged with the Chinese Renminbi and the Australian dollar.

                        Lynas is exposed to fluctuations in the Malaysian ringgit (MYR), which is the currency that dominates Lynas’ cash
                        operating outflows in Malaysia. In addition, Lynas holds significant non-current assets in Lynas Malaysia assets
                        which are denominated in MYR.

                        Adverse movements in the Australian dollar against the US dollar and the MYR may have an adverse impact on
                        Lynas’ financial position and operating results. The following table shows the average USD/AUD and MYR/AUD
                        exchange rates over the past five years:


                                                  30 June 2024           30 June 2023      30 June 2022         30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                             $                      $                 $                    $                   $

                        USD/AUD                         $0.6556              $0.6760            $0.7258             $0.7468               $0.6714
                        MYR/AUD                         $3.0783              $3.0688            $3.0698             $3.0806              $2.8233


                        In-China market prices for Rare Earths are denominated in the Chinese Renminbi. A devaluation in the Chinese
                        Renminbi would increase attractiveness in Chinese exports and China’s internal supply. Fluctuation in the Chinese
                        Renminbi against the US Dollar therefore also increases the foreign exchange exposure on Lynas.

                        1.4      Operational and development risks
                        Lynas’ operations and development activities could be affected by various unforeseen events and circumstances,
                        such as hazards in exploration, the ability of third parties to meet their commitments in accordance with
                        contractual arrangements, and the delivery and grades of ore and performance of processing facilities at design
                        specification. Factors such as these may result in increased costs, lower production levels and, following on from
                        that, lower revenue levels. Any negative outcomes flowing from these operational risks could have an adverse effect
                        on Lynas’ business, financial condition, profitability and performance.

                        1.5      Nature of mining
                        Mineral mining involves risks, which even with a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may
                        not be able to be fully mitigated. Mining operations are subject to hazards normally encountered in exploration and
                        mining. These include unexpected geological formations, rock falls, flooding, dam wall failure and other incidents
                        or conditions which could result in damage to plant or equipment, which may cause a material adverse impact on
                        Lynas’ operations and its financial results. Projects may not proceed to plan with potential for delay in the timing of
                        targeted output, and Lynas may not achieve the level of targeted mining output. Mining output levels may also be
                        affected by factors beyond Lynas’ control.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                              21
                        Directors’ Report




                        1.6         Mineral and ore reserves
                        No assurance can be given that the anticipated tonnages and grades of ore will be achieved during production or
                        that the anticipated level of recovery will be realised. Mineral resource and ore reserve estimates are based upon
                        estimates made by Lynas personnel and independent consultants. Estimates are inherently uncertain and are
                        based on geological interpretations and inferences drawn from drilling results and sampling analyses. There is no
                        certainty that any mineral resources or ore reserves identified by Lynas will be realised, that any anticipated level
                        of recovery of minerals will be realised, or that an identified ore reserve or mineral resource will be a commercially
                        mineable (or viable) deposit which can be legally and economically exploited.

                        Further, the grade of mineralisation which may ultimately be mined may differ materially from what is predicted.
                        The quantity and resulting valuation of ore reserves and mineral resources may also vary depending on, amongst
                        others, metal prices, cut-off grades and estimates of future operating costs (which may be inaccurate). Production
                        can be affected by many factors. Any material change in the quantity of ore resources, mineral reserves, grade, or
                        stripping ratio may affect the economic viability of any project undertaken by Lynas.

                        Lynas’ estimated mineral resources and ore reserves should not be interpreted as assurances of commercial viability




For personal use only
                        or potential or of the profitability of any future operations. Investors should be cautioned not to place undue reli-
                        ance on any estimates made by Lynas. Lynas cannot be certain that its mineral resource and ore reserve estimates
                        are accurate and cannot guarantee that it will recover the expected quantities of metals. Future production could
                        differ dramatically from such estimates for the following reasons:

                             • actual mineralisation or Rare Earth grade could be different from those predicted by drilling, sampling,
                                 feasibility or technical reports;
                             •   increases in the capital or operating costs of the mine;
                             •   decreases in Rare Earth oxide prices;
                             •   changes in the life-of-mine plan;
                             •   the grade of Rare Earths may vary over the life of a Lynas project and Lynas cannot give any assurances that
                                 any particular mineral reserve estimate will ultimately be recovered; or
                             • metallurgical performance could differ from forecast.
                        The occurrence of any of these events may cause Lynas to adjust its mineral resource and reserve estimates or
                        change its mining plans. This could negatively affect Lynas’ financial condition and results of operations. Moreover,
                        short-term factors, such as the need for additional development of any Lynas project or the processing of new or
                        different grades, may adversely affect Lynas.

                        Lynas reports its mineral resources and ore reserves in accordance with the Australian Code for Reporting of
                        Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (“JORC Code”).

                        1.7         Processing operations
                        Lynas’ operations are subject to the operating risks associated with Rare Earth processing, including performance of
                        processing facilities, and the related risks associated with storage and transportation of raw materials, products and
                        residues. These operating risks have the potential to cause personal injury, property damage and environmental
                        contamination, and may result in the shutdown of affected facilities and in business interruption and the imposition
                        of civil or criminal penalties, and negatively impact the reputation of Lynas.

                        The hazards associated with Lynas’ mining and processing operations and the related storage and transportation of
                        products and residues include:
                             •   pipeline and storage tank leaks and ruptures;
                             •   explosions and fires;
                             •   mechanical failures; and
                             •   chemical spills and other discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases.

                        These hazards may cause personal injury and loss of life, damage to property and contamination of the environ-
                        ment, which may result in suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, including
                        fines, expenses for remediation and claims brought by governmental entities or third parties. Although Lynas has
                        detailed and closely managed plans to mitigate these risks and maintains property, business interruption and
                        casualty insurance of types and in the amounts that it believes is customary for the chemicals industry, Lynas is not
                        fully insured against all potential hazards incidental to its businesses.




                        22                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        1.8      Availability of key inputs, including water
                        The Mt Weld Concentration Plant, the Lynas Malaysia Plant and the Kalgoorlie Rare Earth Processing Facility rely on the
                        ready availability of key inputs, including chemical reagents, water, electricity and gas. Any inability of Lynas to obtain
                        such inputs in sufficient quantities on a timely basis could materially adversely affect Lynas’ operations. For example,
                        the insolvency of key suppliers may adversely affect the availability of chemical reagents. In addition, the water supply to
                        the Mt Weld Concentration Plant is primarily sourced from a local aquifer supplemented by recycling, the water supply
                        to the Lynas Malaysia plant is primarily sourced from the local Kuantan water supply infrastructure, supplemented
                        by recycling and the supply to the Kalgoorlie Rare Earth Processing Facility is primarily sourced under a water supply
                        agreement for recycled grey water from the City of Kalgoorlie-Boulder. Reductions in water availability from those
                        sources or failures of infrastructure could materially adversely affect the availability of water to the Lynas operations,
                        notwithstanding the investment in water recycling in Western Australian operations, for example due to climate-related
                        changes in weather patterns, such as extreme precipitation or increased drought or failures of infrastructure.

                        1.9      Supply chain and counterparty risk
                        Lynas is dependent on contractors and suppliers to supply vital goods and services to its operations, including




For personal use only
                        shipping logistics and the supply of chemicals and other materials. Lynas is therefore exposed to the possibility of
                        adverse developments in the business environments of its contractors and suppliers, including in respect of the
                        ability of those contractors and suppliers to meet their commitments under sales contracts. Any disruption to
                        services or supplies may have an adverse effect on Lynas’ financial business and financial condition.

                        1.10     Attraction and retention of skilled personnel
                        Attraction and retention of skilled personnel is important to Lynas’ operations and its further growth.

                        In addition, industrial and labour disputes, work stoppages and accidents, and logistical and engineering difficulties
                        may also have an adverse effect on Lynas’ profitability and share price.

                        1.11     Customer risks
                        Lynas’ revenue is dependent on continuing sales to its key customers, many of whom require delivery to specific
                        timetables of products that comply with detailed specifications. The loss of key customers could significantly affect
                        Lynas’ business, for example due to disputes with customers, customers switching to other suppliers or technolo-
                        gies, or customer businesses being adversely affected by events outside the control of Lynas, including customer
                        insolvency or declining markets for the end-products of customers.

                        1.12     Industry trends, including changes in technology
                        Changes in technology, including switches to renewable energy sources, present both opportunities and risks to
                        the Lynas business. As technologies and consumer trends continue to evolve, new competing technologies may
                        emerge that may reduce demand for Lynas Rare Earth products. Any significant trends away from technologies
                        that utilise Lynas Rare Earths products could materially adversely affect the Lynas business.

                        1.13     Project development risks
                        Lynas is undertaking significant and complex construction projects, primarily related to the new Rare Earths
                        Processing Facility in Kalgoorlie, the Mt Weld Expansion project near Laverton, and the planned Lynas U.S. Rare
                        Earths Processing Facility in Texas. Construction projects are subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside
                        the control of Lynas, including project delays and cost overruns, disputes with contractors, insolvency of contractors,
                        problems with design, delays in commissioning or ramp-up and new facilities not performing in accordance with
                        expectations.


                        2.       Regulatory, legal and environmental risks
                        2.1      General regulatory risks
                        Lynas’ business is subject, in each of the countries in which Lynas operates, to various national and local laws and
                        regulations relating to the mining, production, marketing, pricing, transportation and storage of Lynas’ products
                        and residues. A change in the legislative and administrative regimes, taxation laws, interest rates, and other legal
                        and government policies may have an adverse effect on the assets, operations and ultimately the financial perfor-
                        mance of Lynas and the market price of Lynas shares. Other changes in the regulatory environment (including
                        applicable accounting standards) may have a material adverse effect on the carrying value of material assets or
                        otherwise have a material adverse effect on Lynas’ business and financial condition.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                            23
                        Directors’ Report




                        2.2     Licences, permits, approvals, consents and authorisations
                        Lynas’ mining and production activities are dependent on the granting and maintenance of appropriate licences,
                        permits, approvals, and regulatory consents and authorisations (including those related to interests in mining tene-
                        ments and those related to the operation of the Lynas plants in Australia and Malaysia), which may not be granted or
                        may be withdrawn or be made subject to limitations at the discretion of government or regulatory authorities. Although
                        such licences, permits, approvals and regulatory consents and authorisations may be granted, continued or renewed (as
                        the case may be), there can be no assurance that such licences, permits, approvals and regulatory consents and author-
                        isations will be granted, continued or renewed as a matter of course, or as to the terms of renewals or grants, including
                        that new conditions, or new interpretations of existing conditions, will not be imposed in connection therewith. Whether
                        such licences, permits, approvals and regulatory consents and authorisations may be granted, continued or renewed (as
                        the case may be) often depends on Lynas being successful in obtaining the required statutory approvals for proposed
                        activities. If there is a failure to obtain or retain the appropriate licences, permits, approvals and regulatory consents
                        and authorisations, or if there is a material delay in obtaining or renewing them or they are granted subject to onerous
                        conditions or withdrawn, then Lynas’ ability to conduct its mining and production activities may be adversely affected.




For personal use only
                        2.3     Political risks and government actions
                        Lynas’ operations could be affected by government actions in Australia, Malaysia, USA and other countries or
                        jurisdictions in which it has interests. Lynas is subject to the risk that it may not be able to carry out its operations
                        as it intends, including because of a change in government, legislation, guidelines, regulation or policy, including
                        in relation to the environment, the Rare Earths sector, competition policy, native title and cultural heritage. Such
                        changes could affect land access, the granting of licences and other tenements, the approval of developments and
                        freedom to conduct operations.

                        The possible extent of introduction of additional legislation, regulations, guidelines or amendments to existing
                        legislation that might affect Lynas’ business is difficult to predict. Any such government action may require
                        increased capital or operating expenditures and could prevent or delay certain operations by Lynas, which could
                        have a material adverse effect on Lynas’ business and financial condition.

                        Lynas also may not be able to ensure the security of its assets located outside Australia, and is subject to risks of,
                        among other things, loss of revenue, property and equipment as a result of hazards such as expropriation, war,
                        insurrection and acts of terrorism and other political risks and increases in taxes and government royalties. The
                        effects of these factors are difficult to predict and any combination of one or other of the above may have a material
                        adverse effect on Lynas’ business and financial position.

                        2.4     Malaysian regulatory matters
                        Without limiting the generality of the risks specified above in this section, as announced on 24 October 2023, Lynas
                        Malaysia was issued with a variation to its operating licence which allows Lynas to continue to import and process
                        Lanthanide Concentrate from Lynas’ Mt Weld mine in Western Australia at the Lynas Malaysia facility. The amended
                        operating licence is valid until 2 March 2026. Under this operating licence, Lynas Malaysia will commit to increasing its
                        existing research and development (R&D) investment in Malaysia from 0.5% to 1% of Lynas Malaysia’s gross sales. The
                        R&D program will be overseen by the Malaysian Atomic Energy Licensing Board (AELB) and will be directed towards
                        developing methods for removal of naturally occurring radioactive material (NORM) from residues. Lynas will manage
                        the R&D investment funds and dedicate senior scientists to progress developments alongside researchers from
                        leading Malaysian institutions.

                        To the extent that Lynas does not, or is unable to, comply with relevant licence conditions including the key condi-
                        tions specified above, and/or comply with licence conditions within the timeframes prescribed, then Lynas’ licences
                        and approvals may be revoked. Government action, including legal action, may be also taken by or at the direction
                        of the Malaysian government in order to ensure that the terms and conditions of Lynas’ licences and approvals are
                        complied with to levels satisfactory to, and within the timeframes prescribed by, the Malaysian government.

                        2.5     Environmental risks
                        Lynas’ activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations controlling not only the mining of, exploration for
                        and processing of Rare Earths, but also the possible effects of such activities upon the environment and interests
                        of local communities. In the context of obtaining environmental permits, including the approval of reclamation
                        plans, Lynas must comply with known standards, existing laws and regulations which may entail greater or lesser
                        costs and delays depending on the nature of the activity to be permitted and how stringently the regulations are
                        implemented by the permitting authority. With increasingly heightened government and public sensitivity to
                        environmental sustainability, environmental regulation is becoming more stringent, and Lynas could be subject
                        to increasing environmental responsibility and liability, including laws and regulations dealing with air quality,




                        24                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        water and noise pollution and other discharges of materials into the environment, plant and wildlife protection,
                        the reclamation and restoration of certain of its properties, greenhouse gas emissions, the storage, treatment and
                        disposal of residues and the effects of its business on the water table and groundwater quality.

                        Sanctions for non-compliance with these laws and regulations may include administrative, civil and criminal penalties,
                        revocation of permits and corrective action orders. These laws sometimes apply retroactively. In addition, a party can
                        be liable for environmental damage without regard to that party’s negligence or fault. Given the sensitive nature of this
                        area, Lynas may be exposed to litigation and foreseen and unforeseen compliance and rehabilitation costs despite its
                        best efforts.

                        2.6      Climate change risks
                        Climate change and the rapidly evolving response to it may lead to a number of risks, including but not limited to
                        transition risk such as:
                           • Increased political, policy and legal risks (e.g. the introduction of regulatory changes aimed at reducing the
                               impact of, or addressing climate change, including reducing or limiting carbon emissions);




For personal use only
                           • Increased capital and operational costs, including increased costs of inputs and raw materials; and
                           • Technological change and reputational risks associated with Lynas’ conduct.
                        Climate change may also result in more extreme weather events and physical impacts which may affect Lynas’
                        operating sites, people and/or Lynas’ contractors and suppliers’ ability to supply vital goods and services to its
                        operations, including shipping logistics.

                        Further information on climate related risks and related actions are outlined in Climate Related Financial
                        Disclosures below.

                        2.7      Disposal of residues
                        At the Mt Weld Mine and Concentration Plant, the Lynas Malaysia Plant, and the new Lynas Kalgoorlie Rare Earths
                        Processing Plant, Lynas operations generate/will generate residue materials in the form of solids, liquids and gases.
                        Lynas has appropriate plans in place for the treatment, sale or disposal of each of those residues. Failure to implement
                        those plans could have a material effect on Lynas’ licensing conditions and may adversely affect its operations.

                        2.8      Community acceptance and reputation
                        Lynas recognises that a strong mutual relationship with each community in which it operates is a pre-condition to
                        successful operations. Failure to maintain those relationships and the acceptance by those communities may have
                        an adverse effect on Lynas’ operations.

                        In addition, Lynas recognises the importance of maintaining its reputation with its stakeholders including share-
                        holders, regulatory authorities, communities, customers and suppliers. Failure to maintain its reputation with some
                        or all stakeholders may have a negative effect on the future performance of Lynas.

                        2.9      Legal action
                        It is possible that, Lynas could be exposed to litigation or proceedings, either from shareholders, financiers, regula-
                        tors or members of the communities in which Lynas operates.

                        2.10     Health and safety
                        Lynas is subject to extensive laws and regulation in respect of the health and safety of its people and communities,
                        and the protection and rehabilitation of the environments within which it operates. Lynas must comply with known
                        standards, existing laws and regulations which may entail greater or lesser costs and delays depending on the
                        nature of the activity to be permitted and the implementation of the regulations by the permitting authority.

                        2.11     Tax risks
                        Lynas is subject to taxation and other imposts in Australia, Malaysia and other countries or jurisdictions in which it
                        has interests. In addition to the normal level of income tax imposed on all industries, companies in the resources
                        sector are required to pay government royalties, direct and indirect taxes and other imposts. The profitability of
                        companies in these industries can be affected by changes in government taxation and royalty policies or in the
                        interpretation or application of such policies. Further, changes in tax law, or changes in the way tax law is expected
                        to be interpreted, in the various jurisdictions in which Lynas operates, may affect the tax liabilities of Lynas.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                        25
                        Directors’ Report




                        3.      Financial risks
                        3.1     Debt facilities and covenants
                        Lynas has financing arrangements in place which are subject to acceleration and enforcement rights in the event
                        of a default. To date, the Japan Australia Rare Earths B.V. (JARE) loan facility has been secured over all the assets of
                        Lynas, other than Malaysia and Malawi assets.

                        Enforcement may involve enforcement of security over the assets of Lynas and its material subsidiaries, including
                        appointing a receiver. The principal amount of the JARE facility was US$130m as at 30 June 2024. The principal
                        amount will be due for repayment in fixed loan repayments between 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2030.

                        In the event significant uncertainty arises in relation to Lynas’ ability to fully repay, refinance or reschedule the
                        outstanding balances of the JARE loan facility by the maturity date of 30 June 2030, Lynas’ ability to continue as a
                        going concern may also be affected.

                        In addition, Lynas’ existing debt facilities are subject to a range of covenants. A failure to comply with any of these




For personal use only
                        debt covenants may require Lynas to seek amendments, waivers of covenant compliance or alternative borrowing
                        arrangements. There is no assurance that its lenders would consent to such an amendment or waiver in the event
                        of non-compliance, or that such consent would not be conditional upon the receipt of a cash payment, revised
                        payout terms, increased interest rates, or restrictions in the expansion of debt facilities in the foreseeable future, or
                        that its lenders would not exercise rights that would be available to them, including among other things, calling an
                        event of default and demanding immediate payment of outstanding borrowings. If such a demand was made and
                        appropriate forbearance or refinance arrangements could not be reached, Lynas may not have sufficient available
                        funds to meet that demand.

                        3.2     Funding risk
                        Lynas’ existing debt facility agreements restrict its ability to incur further debt except in certain circumstances.
                        Should Lynas experience a protracted decline in earnings, there is a possibility that the quantum of debt and/or
                        equity funding available to Lynas would not be sufficient to execute its strategy (including its development of large
                        scale projects) which could have a negative impact on the future financial performance or position of Lynas.


                        4.      General risks
                        4.1     General economic conditions
                        Lynas’ operating performance and financial performance is influenced by a variety of general economic and busi-
                        ness conditions including the level of inflation, interest rates, exchange rates and government fiscal, monetary and
                        regulatory policies. Prolonged deterioration in general economic conditions, including an increase in interest rates
                        or decrease in consumer and business demand, could be expected to have an adverse impact on Lynas’ business,
                        results of operations or financial condition and performance.

                        4.2     Accounting standards
                        Accounting standards may change. This may affect the reporting earnings of Lynas and its financial position from
                        time to time. Lynas has previously and will continue to assess and disclose, when known, the effect of adopting new
                        accounting standards in its periodic financial reporting.

                        4.3     Force majeure events
                        Events may occur within or outside Lynas’ key markets that could affect global economies and the operations
                        of Lynas. The events include, but are not limited, to acts of terrorism, an outbreak of international hostilities, fires,
                        floods, earthquakes, changes in weather patterns or other severe weather events, labour strikes, civil wars, natural
                        disasters, outbreaks of disease or other natural or man-made events or occurrences that can have an adverse effect
                        on market conditions, the demand for Lynas’ product offering and services and Lynas’ ability to conduct business.

                        4.4     Cyber security
                        Cyber security risks are increasing in the external environment. Cyber security risks include computer viruses targeting
                        IT systems, unauthorised access, cyber-attack (either targeted at Lynas for financial gain or due to geopolitical matters),
                        social media disinformation campaigns, penetration of Lynas systems (including through attacks on Lynas’ suppliers)
                        and other similar matters. A cyber event may lead to adverse impacts on Lynas’ operations and financial performance.




                        26                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        5.         Climate-related Financial Disclosures
                        Lynas has adopted the voluntary Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) framework for
                        climate-related reporting since FY20. This framework focuses on four key areas: Governance, Strategy, Risk
                        Management and Metrics and Targets.

                        5.1        Climate Governance
                        ESG, including climate-related risks and opportunities, is overseen by the Board on recommendations from the
                        Audit, Risk & ESG Committee and the executive. At an executive level, the Lynas Leadership Team is responsible for
                        ESG strategy and oversight, including climate-related risks and opportunities.

                        In FY24, key initiatives undertaken to enhance climate-related governance included:
                              • Updating the Charter of the Audit, Risk & ESG Committee of the Lynas Rare Earths Board of Directors to
                                include the Committee’s role in relation to climate change, greenhouse gas reduction targets and initiatives
                                and any associated public or statutory reporting.




For personal use only
                              • Updating the Lynas Rare Earths Climate Change Policy to reference our commitment to Net Zero 2050.
                              • Engaging external experts to review FY24 climate-related risks and opportunities.
                              • Establishing a cross-site Climate Working Group to identify and monitor operational activities in line with
                                Lynas’ Climate Change Policy and provide reporting for informed decision making.
                              • Commencing procurement for a whole of company GHG data management system to enhance data
                                consistency and verification processes.
                              • Continuing R&D and external engagement, including product innovation on catalysts for the hydrogen value
                                chain in conjunction with customers, partners and academic institutions.

                        In addition, Lynas has been actively monitoring emerging climate disclosure frameworks including:
                              • IFRS S1 standard for general sustainability-related financial disclosures
                              • IFRS S2 standard for climate-related financial disclosures (which builds on the foundation of the TCFD)
                              • Draft Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard ASRS1: General requirements for disclosure of climate-re-
                                lated financial information
                              • Draft Australian Sustainability Reporting Standard ASRS2: Climate-related financial disclosures
                              • Treasury Laws Amendment (Financial Market Infrastructure and Other Measures) Bill 2024
                        Lynas is preparing to report against the new Australian mandatory climate-related financial reporting regime once
                        in force.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                         27
                        Directors’ Report




                        5.2     Climate Strategy
                        In FY24, Lynas updated and implemented strategies to address material climate-related issues. This included the
                        following strategies and actions:


                        Action Areas          Operating site    Strategy                                 FY24 Progress

                        Transition Actions    Malaysia          Install on site solar panels             Installation of 0.75MW solar panels
                                                                                                         progressed at Lynas Malaysia;
                        Reduce reliance
                                                                                                         awaiting long lead items for project
                        on fossil fuels
                                                                                                         finalisation in CY2024.

                                              Mt Weld, WA       Commence early works and finalise        Early works commenced following
                                                                contract for gas-firmed hybrid           contract awarded in 2023; contract for
                                                                renewable power station                  supply of power from approx. 65 MW
                                                                                                         gas-firmed hybrid renewable power




For personal use only
                                                                                                         station finalised and contract signed
                                                                                                         22 July 2024.
                                                                                                         Designed to deliver up to approx. 70%
                                                                                                         average annual renewable energy
                                                                                                         as well as reliable baseload thermal
                                                                                                         capability, it is forecast to reduce GHG
                                                                                                         emissions by approximately 60,000t
                                                                                                         CO2-equivalent per year compared to
                                                                                                         a diesel-only power station of equiva-
                                                                                                         lent size.

                        Increase              Mt Weld, WA       Mt Weld exploration program and          Successfully completed Mt Weld
                        production                              capacity expansion to increase           exploration program (as announced
                        capacity to                             concentrate feedstock production         22 January 2024).
                        meet forecast                                                                    Mt Weld capacity expansion project
                        demand growth                                                                    Stage 1 (Concentrate Dewatering)
                        for rare earths                                                                  construction completed and
                                                                                                         commissioning commenced. Once
                                                                                                         commissioned, it will debottleneck the
                                                                                                         existing operation while the balance of
                                                                                                         the new plant is constructed.

                        Physical Actions      Mt Weld, WA       Prepare for potential severe rain or     Flood protection barrier constructed
                                                                flooding event                           in FY23 in operation during extreme
                        Prepare for
                                                                                                         weather events in early CY2024.
                        potential extreme
                        weather events

                        Invest in water   Mt Weld, WA           Increase recycled water use and          Progressed $30m investment in state
                        recycling and                           identify additional water supply         of the art water recycling facility to
                        identification of                                                                increase the percentage of tailings
                        new water sources                                                                water recycled from approximately
                                                                                                         30% to up to approximately 90%.


                        5.3     Climate Risk Management
                        Climate-related risks and opportunities are considered as part of business strategy and planning. The Lynas risk
                        management framework includes the identification, assessment and management of climate-related risks.

                        Lynas has identified preventative and mitigating controls to material physical site-based risks and controls have
                        been integrated into operational risk management practices.

                        Lynas’ leadership team takes a holistic view of transitional risks as these are generally applicable throughout the Group.




                        28                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        The Lynas Rare Earths business model is aligned for growth under ‘transition’ scenarios as the Group produces
                        materials used in clean technologies. Significant growth in demand for rare earth materials, driven by a significant
                        ramp up in demand for clean energy technologies that include wind turbines, electric vehicles and electric motors
                        more broadly, translate into material upside opportunity for Lynas Rare Earths in future scenarios where more
                        ambitious action to address climate change occurs. While transition scenarios do present some general business
                        risks, including future high carbon prices and the prospect of new innovations changing demand for rare earth
                        materials, it is likely that material upside opportunities exist for Lynas Rare Earths under most transition scenarios,
                        particularly in light of the Group’s established operations and growth plan.

                           • While Lynas’ assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities did not have a material impact for the year
                              ended 30 June 2024, this may change in future periods as Lynas updates its assessments. Material climate-re-
                              lated risks and opportunities are outlined below.

                              Transition Risks               • Current reliance on fossil fuels and investment required to transition to cleaner
                                                                energy sources.
                                                             • Existing and emerging regulatory requirements: Increased political, policy and




For personal use only
                                                                legal risks such as the introduction of regulatory changes to reduce or limit
                                                                Greenhouse Gas emissions.
                                                             • Costs: Increased capital and operational costs including higher cost inputs
                                                                and raw materials; investment in new low emissions technologies; cost of
                                                                complying with changes to emissions regulations; potential for high future
                                                                carbon prices.
                                                             • Technology: Technological changes to address the effects of climate change
                                                                that may result in decreased demand for Lynas’ products; the emergence of
                                                                lower cost or lower emissions competitors of either rare earth products; or
                                                                alternative technologies.
                                                             • Reputation: Reputational risks associated with Lynas’ conduct or changing
                                                                community expectations.


                              Transition Opportunities       • Demand for rare earth materials is forecast to accelerate from current levels to
                                                                2035. Increased demand is expected under projections based on current policy
                                                                scenarios – and stronger growth is projected under scenarios consistent with
                                                                reaching net zero emissions by 2050. More ambitious action towards reducing
                                                                emissions is expected to see demand grow faster. Increases in demand will be
                                                                driven by growth in clean technologies, particularly wind turbine and electric
                                                                vehicle uptake.
                                                             • Increased demand for rare earths is expected to be driven by growth in
                                                                demand for electric vehicles and other clean energy technologies – including
                                                                wind turbines and electrification of industrial processes. Stronger demand is
                                                                likely to be observed under scenarios consistent with more ambitious emis-
                                                                sions reduction policies. Larger and faster positive opportunities for rare earth
                                                                producers will emerge with efforts to achieve net zero emissions.
                                                             • Increased demand is expected to be observed across a wide variety of rare earth
                                                                materials – but particularly those materials used in electric motor production.
                                                                Likewise, most rare earth supply markets are likely to have opportunities to grow.
                                                             • Lynas’ unique position as the only scale producer of separated rare earth
                                                                materials outside of China means that the company has an important role
                                                                to play in providing key inputs to green technologies designed to limit the
                                                                effects of climate change. Lynas seeks to leverage its competitive advantage to
                                                                increase outside-China supply of rare earths.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                          29
                        Directors’ Report




                                Acute Physical risks               Australia:                                 Malaysia:
                                Event-driven physical              • An increase in extreme weather           • An increase in extreme weather
                                risks including increased             events could increase the risk of         events could increase the risk of
                                severity of extreme                   exposure to flooding at Mt Weld           exposure to bushfire
                                weather events
                                                                   • Extreme weather events could             • Extreme weather events could affect
                                                                      affect Lynas’ contractors and             Lynas’ contractors and suppliers’
                                                                      suppliers’ ability to supply vital        ability to supply vital goods and
                                                                      goods and services to its operations,     services to its operations, including
                                                                      including shipping logistics              shipping logistics


                                Chronic Physical risks             Australia:                                 Malaysia:
                                Longer-term shifts in              • Increased pressure on water              • An increase in heat stress periods
                                climate patterns e.g.                 supplies will require additional          with an increase in the frequency




For personal use only
                                higher temperatures,                  investment in water recycling and         of very hot days could present a risk
                                changes in drought and                identification of new water sources       of interrupted operations or lost
                                sea level rise                                                                  productivity
                                                                   • An increase in extreme heat
                                                                      days could translate to a material
                                                                      increase in heat stress periods,
                                                                      potentially disrupting operations
                                                                      and contributing to lost productivity


                        From an overall water risk perspective, the sites where Lynas operates are assessed as:

                        Location                                              Overall water risk rating5
                        Gebeng, Malaysia                                      Low-medium
                        Mt Weld site, Laverton, Western Australia             Low-medium
                        Kalgoorlie, Western Australia                         High

                        Ensuring clean and sufficient water is a global challenge and climate change is accelerating this challenge. Lynas
                        continues to innovate to minimise fresh water usage throughout our operations.

                        At Mt Weld, this includes investing over $30 million in a state of the art water recycling facility to increase the
                        percentage of tailings water recycled from approximately 30% to up to approximately 90%. The robust new water
                        recycling flowsheet represents 3 years of development work to address water quality challenges of silica, organics
                        and hardness.

                        Lynas’ new Rare Earths Processing Facility in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia, is assessed as being in a high overall
                        water risk rating location. Access to treated grey water from the City of Kalgoorlie-Boulder was a key consideration
                        in the site selection and the new Facility has been designed to use treated grey water supplied by the City of
                        Kalgoorlie-Boulder for processing. This water is a by-product from the City’s wastewater treatment facility and will
                        be used a further 6–7 times in processing.

                        Climate Scenarios
                        In FY24, physical climate scenarios were considered for the second consecutive year to identify and assess exposure
                        to physical risks and opportunities to increase resilience. The analysis was undertaken by external consultants, FM,
                        and included both engineering data from site visits as well as climate change insights and data.

                        Scenarios considered acute physical risks such as physical damage to assets (buildings, machinery, inventory) and
                        associated loss in profits caused by disruption to operations as a result of increased severity of extreme weather
                        events such as flood and wildfire. It also considered chronic physical risks such as the impact of rising sea levels,
                        drought and global temperature changes over time.

                        Short term (by 2030) and long term (by 2050) scenario analysis was conducted for both of Lynas’ operating sites
                        (Mt Weld and Lynas Malaysia). Lynas’ new Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility was in commissioning during



                        5
                             https://www.wri.org/applications/aqueduct/water-risk-atlas




                        30                                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        the year and began first production in the June 2024 quarter and will be assessed for the first time in FY25. Lynas’
                        planned U.S. facility is not included in this assessment.

                        Scenarios used for the analysis were the low, intermediate and high Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs)
                        detailed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) (RCP 2.6, RCP 4.5 and RCP 8.5).

                        The projected changes in global mean surface temperature change (°C) between 2046-2065 for each of these
                        Pathways6 is: 0.4 to 1.6 (RCP 2.6); 0.9 to 2.0 (RCP 4.5); and 1.4 to 2.6 (RCP 8.5).

                        The scenario analysis indicated that Lynas operations have negligible or low exposure to material climate change
                        risks such as extreme precipitation, wind, rising temperatures and neither location was exposed to risks from sea
                        level rise. The Mt Weld operation was identified as having exposure to risk of flooding and action was taken in FY23
                        to install a flood protection barrier which was in operation during the extreme rain events in early CY2024. The Lynas
                        Malaysia operation was identified as having exposure to risk of bushfire and actions related to pre-incident and
                        emergency response planning are being undertaken.

                        Lynas was also identified to have material exposure to the chronic physical risk of drought. More intense or




For personal use only
                        prolonged droughts can lead to diminishing water resources, increasing operational risks, and potentially more
                        severe bushfires. Opportunities to increase Lynas’ resilience to drought have been identified and are being imple-
                        mented. This includes the $30m state-of-the-art high recovery water recycling circuit from the tailings dam and an
                        additional bore water desalination plant being implemented as part of Mt Weld expansion project.

                        Given the location of Lynas’ operating sites in tropical and semi-arid locations, operating sites are also aware of the risks
                        of heat stress and measures are put in place to mitigate these risks for our people, including dehydration awareness.

                        5.4         Metrics
                        Lynas monitors and reports on total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions in line with the GHG Protocol and
                        Australia’s National Greenhouse Energy Reporting (NGER). In FY24, Lynas has focused on enhancing GHG data
                        management and plans to continue to develop reporting on Scope 3 categories in FY25.

                        Company-wide total Scope 1 and 2 emissions for FY19-FY24 (tonnes CO2-e) are as follows:


                        Reporting Year                                          FY19          FY20          FY21          FY22         FY23      FY24

                            Mt Weld7                       Scope 1            23,693          21,137       19,697       25,649        29,9908   28,523
                                                           Scope 2                  –             –             –               –          –         –

                            Kalgoorlie9                    Scope 1                  –             –             –              956     9,3248    3,686
                                                           Scope 2                  –             –             –               –          12
                                                                                                                                            8
                                                                                                                                                 3,904

                            Malaysia                       Scope 1            34,071        32,634         39,951       40,807        42,952    36,837
                                                           Scope 2            49,544        43,387         43,917        42,831        43,568   38,688

                            Total                          Scope 1            60,245         53,771       59,648         67,412       82,2668   69,046
                                                           Scope 2            49,544        43,387         43,917        42,831       43,5808   42,592
                                                           Scope 1+2          110,179        97,159       103,565       110,243      125, 846
                                                                                                                                            8
                                                                                                                                                111,638



                        BASIS OF REPORT
                        The report is based on the guidelines in The Group 100 Incorporated publication Guide to the Review of Operations
                        and Financial Condition.




                        6
                              https://www.ipcc.ch
                        7
                              Mt Weld expansion project construction commenced in FY23 and continued in FY24
                        8
                              Data as per FY23 National Greenhouse Energy Reporting (NGER) scheme reporting
                        9
                              Kalgoorlie facility in commissioning during FY24 and commenced production in June quarter FY24




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                    31
                        Directors’ Report




                        ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION AND PERFORMANCE
                        The Group is bound by the requirements and guidelines of the relevant environmental protection authorities for the
                        management and rehabilitation of mining tenements owned or previously owned by the Group. Mining tenements
                        are being maintained and rehabilitated following these guidelines. The Group is also bound by the requirements of
                        its operating licence in Malaysia. There have been no known breaches of any of these requirements and guidelines.

                        We continue to focus on ensuring positive relationships with regulators and local communities, and compliance
                        with regulatory requirements in both jurisdictions in which we operate.



                        SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE STATE OF AFFAIRS
                        Except as disclosed in the review of operations, the factors and business risks that affect future performance and
                        the subsequent events, there have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group during the year
                        ended 30 June 2024.




For personal use only
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
                        The Corporate Governance Statement of the Group, current on the date that the Directors’ Report is signed in
                        accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to s.298 (2) of the Corporations Act 2001, is located on the
                        Group’s website, www.lynasrareearths.com.



                        SHARES ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                        During the financial year 902,708 Performance Rights were exercised as set out in Note E.7 to the Financial Statements.



                        INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
                        During or since the end of the financial year, the Group has paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring all
                        Directors and Officers of the Group against liabilities incurred as a Director or Officer of the Group, to the extent
                        permitted by the Corporations Act 2001, that arise because of the following:
                             a. a wilful breach of duty; or
                             b. a contravention of sections 182 or 183 of the Corporations Act 2001, as permitted by section 199B of the
                                Corporations Act 2001.

                        The insurance contract prohibits disclosure of the premiums payable under the contract. The premiums are
                        not included as part of the Directors’ remuneration in Section H of the Remuneration Report or Note E.7 to the
                        Financial Statements.



                        NON-AUDIT SERVICES
                        During the year Ernst & Young, the Group’s auditor, has performed certain other services in addition to the audit
                        and review of the Financial Statements.

                        Details of amounts paid or payable to the auditor for non-audit services provided during the year are outlined in Note
                        E.3 to the Financial Statements. The Directors have considered the non-audit services provided during the year by the
                        auditor, and are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services by the auditor during the year is compatible with, and
                        did not compromise, the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:
                             • All non-audit services were subject to the corporate governance procedures adopted by the Group and have
                               been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure they do not impact the integrity and objectivity of
                               the auditor; and
                             • The non-audit services provided do not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as
                               set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, as they did not involve reviewing or auditing
                               the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision making capacity for the Group, acting as an
                               advocate for the Group or jointly sharing risks and rewards.




                        32                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF AUDITOR
                        During or since the end of the financial year, the Group entered into an agreement with its auditors, Ernst & Young,
                        indemnifying them against any claims by third parties arising from their report on the Annual Financial Report, except
                        where the liability arises out of conduct involving a lack of good faith. No payment has been made to indemnify Ernst &
                        Young during or since the financial year.



                        COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP
                        During the financial year, the Group had the following Committees of the Board of Directors: Audit, Risk & ESG
                        Committee, Health, Safety & Environment Committee, and Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee.

                        Directors acting on the Committees of the Board during the year ended 30 June 2024:

                        For the period from 1 July 2023 to 29 November 2023:




For personal use only
                                                                     Health, Safety                      Nomination,
                          Audit, Risk & ESG                          & Environment                       Remuneration & Community

                          G. Murdoch(c)                              P. Etienne(c)                       J. Humphrey(c)
                          P. Etienne                                 K. Conlon                           K. Conlon
                          J. Humphrey                                V. Guthrie                          G. Murdoch
                          V. Guthrie                                 J. Beevers                          J. Beevers

                        (c) Chair of Committee

                        For the period from 30 November 2023 to 30 June 2024:


                                                                     Health, Safety                      Nomination,
                          Audit, Risk & ESG                          & Environment                       Remuneration & Community

                          G. Murdoch(c)                              P. Etienne(c)                       V. Guthrie(c)
                          P. Etienne                                 V. Guthrie                          J. Humphrey
                          J. Humphrey                                J. Beevers                          G. Murdoch
                                                                                                         J. Beevers

                        (c) Chair of Committee

                        As summarised in the Corporate Governance Statement, the Audit, Risk & ESG Committee consists of
                        independent Directors.

                        The number of Directors’ meetings held during the year and the number of Board and Board committee meetings:


                                                                                                                                Nomination,
                                                                         Directors’           Audit,     Health, Safety &    Remuneration &
                                                                         Meetings        Risk & ESG        Environment          Community

                        Number of meetings held:                                     7            6                      3                  4

                        Number of meetings attended:
                        A. Lacaze                                                    7            6                      3                  4
                        K. Conlon (1)
                                                                                     3            2                      0                  2
                        P. Etienne                                                   7            6                      3                  4
                        V. Guthrie                                                   7            5                      3                  4
                        J. Humphrey                                                  7            6                      3                  4
                        G. Murdoch                                                   7            6                      3                  4
                        J. Beevers                                                   7            5                      3                  3

                        (1) K. Conlon retired on 29 November 2023




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                       33
                        Directors’ Report
                        Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                        AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
                        We have obtained an independence declaration from our auditors, Ernst & Young, which follows the Directors’
                        Declaration.



                        ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS
                        The Company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191 issued by the Australian Securities and
                        Investments Commission, in relation to the “rounding off” of amounts. Amounts in the Directors’ Report and
                        Financial Statements have been rounded off, in accordance with the Instrument, to the nearest thousand dollars,
                        unless otherwise stated.



                        SUBSEQUENT EVENTS




For personal use only
                        On 22 July 2024, Lynas announced the signing of contracts with Zenith Energy (“Zenith”), a leading independent
                        power provider, for the supply of power from a gas-firmed hybrid renewable power station to Lynas’ Mt Weld mine
                        and concentration plant, near Laverton, Western Australia. Upon completion the new hybrid power station will
                        have approximately 65MW total installed capacity comprising a 24MW Wind Farm (4 wind turbines), a 7MW solar
                        PV farm, and a 12MW/12MWh Battery Energy Storage System (BESS). This renewable facility will be supported by a
                        17MW high efficiency gas fired power station. To provide redundancy in the back-up system for our 24/7 operation,
                        5MW of diesel standby generation will be installed.

                        On 5 August 2024 Lynas announced the release of an updated Mt Weld Rare Earth Mineral Resource Statement
                        which shows a significant increase in tonnage and contained TREO compared to the 2018 Mineral Resources and
                        Ore Reserves Statement.10

                        The Ore Reserve update will support:
                             • a >35 year mine life at production rates for sufficient concentrate feedstock for production capacity of
                                7,200 tpa NdPr (Neodymium Praseodymium) oxide finished product; and
                             • a >20 year mine life at expanded production rates for sufficient concentrate feedstock for production
                                capacity of 12,000tpa of NdPr oxide finished product in line with Mt Weld expansion capacity (currently under
                                construction).

                        Key highlights of the announcement include:
                             • 92% increase in Mineral Resources from 55.4 Mt to 106.6 Mt at 4.12% Total Rare Earth Oxide (TREO) from
                                30 June 2018 to 30 June 2024.
                             • 63% increase in Ore Reserves from 19.7 Mt to 32.0 Mt at 6.44% TREO from 30 June 2018 to 30 June 2024.
                             • 46% increase in contained TREO compared to the August 2018 Mineral Resources estimate, adding resources
                                and replacing depletion.
                             • Updated Ore Reserve supports >20 year mine life at expanded production rates for sufficient concentrate
                                feedstock for production capacity of 12,000tpa of NdPr oxide finished product in line with Mt Weld expansion
                                capacity (currently under construction).
                             • Ore reserves have a 92% increase in contained Dysprosium oxide from 30 June 2018 to 30 June 2024. All heavy
                                rare earth element grades, including Terbium oxide, are now reported in the ore reserves statement.
                             • Stored tailings are added to the Ore Reserve as the Mt Weld expansion flowsheet has capability for fine
                                grinding, enabling reprocessing to recover historical coarse losses of rare earth minerals.
                             • An increased inferred resource inventory primed for future infill drilling to indicated mineral resource and
                                reserve growth.
                        With the exception of the above, there have been no other events subsequent to 30 June 2024 that would require
                        accrual or disclosure in this financial report.




                        10
                             Refer to announcement on 5 August 2024 “2024 Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Update”:
                             https://wcsecure.weblink.com.au/pdf/LYC/02835257.pdf




                        34                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Environmental, Social and
                        Governance Statement
                        Financial year ended 30 June 2024
                        The Lynas Environmental, Social and Governance Report (ESG Report) for FY2024 will be published on the Group’s
                        website, www.lynasrareearths.com, at the same time as the 2024 Annual Report is sent to shareholders.




For personal use only
                        Remuneration report – audited
                        Dear Shareholder,

                        On behalf of the Board of Lynas Rare Earths, I am pleased to present our Remuneration Report for the 2024 financial
                        year, my first report since being appointed as Chairman of the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee
                        on 29 November 2023.


                        Remuneration framework
                        Lynas’ remuneration objective is to maximise shareholder value by the attraction and retention of talented people.
                        We remunerate our people competitively and consistently with comparable employment market conditions. Lynas
                        is the only ex-China producer of scale of separated Rare Earths and our remuneration framework takes into account
                        the unique skills of our people, the global nature of the rare earths business and the complexity of the critical
                        minerals supply chain.

                        Remuneration for KMP and Lynas Leadership Team members includes a performance based Short Term Incentive
                        (STI) and Long Term Incentive (LTI). The STI and LTI have also been extended to include employees in roles that
                        have considerable influence on outcomes associated with capital management, operational leadership and major
                        capacity growth projects or have specialist expertise in strategic areas for Lynas.

                        Lynas also offers a company-wide employee bonus scheme (excluding those eligible for STI/LTI) to provide all
                        employees an opportunity to contribute to and benefit from the company’s success.

                        There were no changes to executive or Board remuneration structures in FY24. Key Management Personnel
                        (KMP) also remained consistent apart from non-executive director Kathleen Conlon who retired from the Board
                        on 29 November 2023 after 12 years, including 3 years as Chair.


                        Business performance
                        The 2024 financial year was both an exciting and challenging year for Lynas with major milestones achieved in a
                        difficult market environment.

                        We continued to progress our strategic priorities during the year. This included securing a variation to the Malaysian
                        operating licence which allows for the continued operation of all processing stages at the Lynas Malaysia facility,
                        delivering first production from the new Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility, signing a follow on contract
                        for the planned U.S. Heavy Rare Earths plant from the U.S. Government, and progressing the Mt Weld Expansion
                        project including completion of construction for the Mt Weld Expansion project Stage 1 (Dewatering circuit) and
                        commencement of Stage 1 commissioning and Stage 2 construction.

                        However, the rare earths market remained challenging with low market prices and subdued inside China demand.
                        Despite these headwinds, Lynas’ proven performance as a low cost rare earths producer has served the company
                        and shareholders well during this period and this year’s results demonstrate the company’s commitment to
                        generating value at all stages of the rare earth production cycle.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                      35
                        Directors’ Report
                        Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                        Remuneration outcomes
                        Remuneration outcomes reflect the variable environment encountered during this year, with some performance
                        targets being exceeded, whilst others were not achieved.

                        The Lynas Short Term Incentive (STI) rewards performance in core business drivers. In FY2024, this included EBITDA,
                        NdPr production and NdPr unit operating costs, as well as key non-financial performance metrics that are of
                        particular importance to shareholders, including Strategic Plan/Business Plan Progress; Health, Safety and the
                        Environment (HSE); Sustainability; and People and Culture. A partial award will be made of the STI.

                        The Long Term Incentive (LTI) recognises that capital projects are a substantial growth driver for the company. The LTI
                        for the period from the beginning of FY22 to the end of FY24 issued in 2021 has two components which are designed
                        to be aligned with the creation of sustainable long term shareholder value. The first of these components is Relative
                        Total Shareholder Returns (TSR) assessed over a three year period, relative to other peer group companies. The second
                        component is related to strategic targets aligned with Lynas’ strategic growth objectives. Over the period Lynas
                        achieved a positive RTSR of 13.3% and was placed at the 56th percentile of the ASX200 peer group. The strategic targets




For personal use only
                        in respect of the Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility achieving nameplate capacity and the development of
                        capacity to separate heavy rare earths were not achieved. Based on these outcomes, 30% of the LTI will vest.


                        Summary
                        The Lynas Board is committed to ensuring that executive remuneration is strongly aligned with key performance
                        outcomes that drive shareholder value, and as a result, a significant proportion of executive remuneration is ‘at risk’
                        or variable pay.

                        While it has been a challenging year in the rare earths market, our team continues to strive for excellence in our
                        production performance and is committed to delivering our growth agenda which will retain Lynas’ position as a
                        true producer of scale in the global market.

                        I trust this Remuneration Report assists with your understanding of our remuneration objectives and outcomes.
                        The Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee welcomes your feedback and support as we continue
                        our work to attract and retain talent at Lynas and deliver value for all shareholders.

                        Yours sincerely,




                        Vanessa Guthrie
                        Chair
                        Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee




                        36                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        This report sets out Lynas’ remuneration framework and outcomes for Key Management Personnel (KMP) for the
                        financial year ended 30 June 2024. This report has been prepared and audited in accordance with the require-
                        ments of the Corporations Act 2001 and its regulations.



                        A. LIST OF KMP
                        The KMP during the financial year ended 30 June 2024 were as follows:


                        KMP                     Position                                     Location        Term as KMP

                        Executive Director
                        A. Lacaze               CEO and Managing Director                    Australia       Full Financial Year

                        Non-Executive Directors




For personal use only
                        K. Conlon               Chairman, Non-Executive Director             Australia       Resigned 29 November 2023
                        J. Humphrey             Chairman (from 29 November 2023)             Australia       Full Financial Year
                                                Non-Executive Director, Chair of the
                                                Nomination, Remuneration & Community
                                                Committee (until 29 November 2023)
                        J. Beevers              Non-Executive Director                       Australia       Full Financial Year
                        P. Etienne              Non-Executive Director, Chair of the         Australia       Full Financial Year
                                                HSE Committee
                        V. Guthrie              Non-Executive Director, Chair of the         Australia       Full Financial Year
                                                Nomination Remuneration & Community
                                                Committee (from 29 November 2023)
                        G. Murdoch              Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Audit   Australia       Full Financial Year
                                                Risk & ESG Committee

                        Executives
                        G. Sturzenegger         Chief Financial Officer                      Malaysia        Full Financial Year
                        S. Leonard              General Counsel and Company Secretary        Australia       Full Financial Year
                        P. Le Roux              Chief Operating Officer                      Malaysia        Full Financial Year
                        C. Jenney               Vice President – Major Projects              Australia       Full Financial Year
                        M. Ahmad                Vice President – Malaysia                    Malaysia        Full Financial Year




                        B. OUR REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
                        The Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee is responsible for reviewing and making recom-
                        mendations to the Board on the remuneration arrangements for Directors and Executives. The Nomination,
                        Remuneration and Community Committee assesses, on a regular basis, the appropriateness of the nature and
                        amount of KMP remuneration.

                        In fulfilling these duties and to support effective governance processes, the Committee:
                           • consists of independent Non-Executive Directors and has an independent Chair;
                           • has unrestricted access to management and any relevant documents; and
                           • engages external advisers for assistance to the extent appropriate and necessary (e.g. detailing market
                              levels of remuneration).




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                   37
                        Directors’ Report
                        Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                        C. OUR REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK
                        Overview
                        Lynas’ remuneration objective is to maximise shareholder benefits by attracting, retaining and motivating talented
                        people, including our Board of Directors and executive management team, at a cost that is acceptable to shareholders.
                        We remunerate our people competitively and consistently with comparable employment market conditions. Lynas is
                        the largest producer of separated Rare Earths outside of China and our remuneration framework takes into account
                        the global nature of the rare earths business and the complexity of the critical minerals supply chain.


                        Component              Description                             How does it link to performance and strategy?

                        Fixed                  Fixed remuneration consists of          Fixed remuneration is set at a level that enables
                        Remuneration           base salary, non-monetary benefits      Lynas to attract and retain talented people, at a
                                               and statutory superannuation            cost which is acceptable to shareholders. It reflects




For personal use only
                                               contributions.                          the global nature of the rare earths supply chain,
                                                                                       macro-economic factors, the need to attract expe-
                                                                                       rienced expatriate personnel to the Lynas Malaysia
                                                                                       plant in Gebeng near Kuantan in regional Malaysia
                                                                                       and the competitive market for resources personnel
                                                                                       in Western Australia.
                                                                                       Individual remuneration reflects the role, responsibili-
                                                                                       ties, and experience of the relevant employee.

                        Short Term             The STI program is based on the         STI supports the delivery of annual performance
                        Incentive (STI)        achievement of annual financial         goals which are selected by the Board considering
                                               and non-financial goals.                the budget and Lynas’ strategic initiatives.

                                               Further details of the STI Plan         The STI Plan ensures annual remuneration is
                                               Structure are set out below.            competitive to facilitate retention of key personnel.
                                                                                       Half of the STI is paid as deferred equity
                                                                                       (performance rights).

                        Long Term              The LTI program provides a reward       LTI focuses on long term performance goals which
                        Incentive (LTI)        for longer term performance.            create sustained value for shareholders.
                                               Further details of the LTI Plan         LTI is paid as deferred equity (performance rights)
                                               Structure are set out below.            which aligns the interests of Executives and
                                                                                       shareholders in ensuring the sustainable, long term
                                                                                       performance of Lynas.


                        Our remuneration mix aims to achieve a balance between fixed and performance related components.
                        This contributes to a high performance culture led by the Executive team.

                        The diagrams below illustrate the remuneration mix range for Executives based on the target and maximum LTI
                        and STI opportunities for FY24. The actual remuneration mix for Executives will vary depending on the level of
                        performance relative to the LTI and STI performance objectives.


                                                                             Fixed                          STI                              LTI

                        CEO                                            26.7–28.6%                    28.6–33.3%                     40.0–42.8%
                        Other Executive KMP                            33.3–36.3%                   27.2–33.3%                      33.3–36.3%




                        38                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Short term incentive structure
                        The structure of the STI Plan is as follows:


                        Description             Under the STI Plan, Executive KMP can earn an annual incentive based on performance during
                                                the year.
                                                STI Plan performance conditions align with Lynas’ annual operational and financial goals. The
                                                performance conditions are chosen to incentivise performance that is consistent with desired
                                                business outcomes and which contributes to longer term growth in shareholder value.
                                                The STI Plan is at risk remuneration. Actual awards depend on performance against the
                                                performance conditions.

                        Participants            Executive KMP and any employee of Lynas who is invited by the Board are eligible to participate.
                                                In addition to the Executive KMP, during FY24, three members of the Lynas Leadership Team




For personal use only
                                                and thirty three senior employees who are critical to the delivery of Lynas’ short-term opera-
                                                tional and financial goals were invited to participate in the STI Plan.

                        STI Opportunity         Target Performance: In FY24, up to 100% of fixed remuneration for CEO. Up to 75% of fixed
                                                remuneration for Executive KMP and Lynas Leadership Team. Up to 37.5% of fixed remuneration
                                                for Senior Managers. Up to 10% of fixed remuneration for other employees eligible to participate
                                                in the STI Plan.
                                                Maximum Opportunity: In FY24, up to 125% of fixed remuneration for CEO. Up to 100% of fixed
                                                remuneration for Executive KMP and Lynas Leadership Team. Up to 50% of fixed remuneration
                                                for Senior Managers. Up to 11% of fixed remuneration for other employees eligible to participate
                                                in the STI Plan.

                        Basis of award          Half of the STI opportunity is awarded in cash and half is awarded in performance rights.

                                                The number of STI performance rights to be granted is calculated by taking the volume
                                                weighted average price of Lynas’ shares for the 5 trading days up to and including the date
                                                of Board approval (the PR Value). The relevant STI grant is divided by the PR Value and
                                                rounded up to the nearest whole number.

                        Performance             The Board selects both financial and non-financial performance conditions based on the Lynas
                        Conditions              budget and strategic plan.
                                                For FY24, three bands of performance were set for each performance condition:
                                                   • Threshold: 90% of target – 75% award for CEO, 66.6% award for executive KMP
                                                   • Target: 100% of budget – 100% award for CEO and KMP
                                                   • Maximum: 110% of budget – 125% award for CEO, 133.3% award for executive KMP
                                                If performance falls between the Threshold and Maximum levels then awards are pro-rated.
                                                No STI Plan awards will be made if there is an ‘at fault’ fatality during the performance period.

                        Financial               Financial performance conditions are selected by the Board using the approved budget.
                        Performance             The performance goals are selected based on the budget and considering market conditions.
                        Conditions              The financial conditions are assessed annually.
                        (60% weighting)
                                                For the FY24 STI Plan the three financial performance conditions selected were: (1) EBITDA
                                                Target; (2) NdPr Production; and (3) NdPr Operating Costs. Each financial condition has a 20%
                                                weighting.

                        Non-financial           The Board selects non-financial conditions for the STI Plan based on the team/individual
                        Performance             responsibilities in the context of the Lynas strategic plan. The non-financial conditions are
                        Conditions              assessed annually.
                        (40% weighting)
                                                For the FY24 STI Plan the areas selected for assessment were: (1) Progress on Strategic Plan/
                                                Business Plan; (2) Health, Safety and Environment; (3) Sustainability; (4) People & Culture.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                              39
                        Directors’ Report
                        Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                        Why were these         A combination of financial and non-financial performance conditions aligns the STI Plan with
                        performance            growth and sustainable returns for shareholders.
                        conditions
                                               The financial conditions selected by the Board in FY24 are measures which directly affect Lynas’
                        selected?
                                               profitability and financial performance. Due to the anticipated increases in capital expenditure
                                               for strategic growth projects, EBITDA rather than EBIT was selected by the Board as the financial
                                               growth measure.
                                               The non-financial performance conditions reflect areas that are critical for the success of
                                               Lynas and complement the measures included in the other quantitative STI and LTI targets.
                                               Non-financial performance conditions are designed to address areas of particular importance to
                                               shareholders. The non-financial performance conditions for FY24 were selected by the Board for
                                               the following reasons:
                                                  • Strategic Initiatives: Initiatives planned to deliver value for shareholders.
                                                  • Health, Safety & Environment: Critical to the continued safe operation of Mt Weld
                                                     and Lynas Malaysia.




For personal use only
                                                  • Sustainability: Important to Lynas’ stakeholders and the future sustainable growth
                                                     of the business.
                                                  • People & Culture: Important to Lynas’ stakeholders and employee attraction and
                                                     retention.
                                               Performance conditions for the STI Plan are reviewed annually by the Board to ensure they
                                               remain aligned with business strategy and shareholder interests.

                        How and when           Performance is assessed annually.
                        is performance
                                               For the financial conditions, the Board calculates the results after the end of the performance
                        assessed?
                                               period.
                                               For the non-financial conditions, the Board assesses the performance of the Executives based
                                               on the recommendations from the Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee.

                        Eligibility for        Holders of performance rights are not eligible for dividends until the performance rights have
                        dividends              been converted into shares.

                        Cessation of           STI performance rights are subject to a vesting condition of continued employment at
                        employment             Lynas for a period of 12 months after the grant.

                                               Cessation of employment or engagement
                                               Subject to the terms of the relevant invitation and the Plan:
                                                  • if an Offeree ceases to be an employee of, or engaged by, the Group in circumstances
                                                     where the cessation is due to Termination for Cause, then unless the Board deter-
                                                     mines otherwise, all of their vested (but unexercised) Rights, and all of their unvested
                                                     Rights, will automatically lapse; and
                                                  • if an Offeree ceases to be an employee of, or engaged by, the Group in circumstances
                                                     other than due to Termination for Cause, then unless the Board determines other-
                                                     wise, all vested (but unexercised) Rights, and all unvested Rights, will remain on issue
                                                     in accordance with the terms and conditions upon which those Rights were granted.
                                               Termination for Cause means termination of employment or engagement of the Offeree
                                               due to, amongst other matters, fraud or dishonesty, a material breach of the Offeree’s obli-
                                               gations to the Group, any act of gross negligence in the performance of duties or any other
                                               reason (including under applicable law or the Offeree’s employment contract, consulting
                                               agreement or other form of engagement) that the Board determines constitutes justifica-
                                               tion for termination without notice or compensation.

                                               Treatment of Rights after cessation of employment or engagement
                                               If a person continues to hold Rights after they or their Offeree cease to be employed or
                                               engaged by the Group, then the Board may in its discretion determine that some or all of
                                               those Rights will lapse if the Board determines that the person has breached any obligation
                                               owed to the Group or the circumstances have changed such that it is no longer appropriate
                                               for the person to retain the Rights.




                        40                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Clawback                The Board may, amongst taking other action (such as requiring any benefits obtained under
                                                the Plan to be returned), deem any unvested or vested (but unexercised) Rights to have lapsed
                                                if an Offeree takes certain adverse action, including committing a fraudulent or dishonest act
                                                or engaging in behaviour which has caused, or is likely to cause, the Company’s reputation to
                                                be adversely affected.

                        Change of               If an event occurs that the Board reasonably believes may lead to a Change of Control
                        Control Event           Event, the Board may determine the treatment (and the timing of such treatment) of any
                                                unvested or unexercised Rights. If a Change of Control Event occurs and the Board has
                                                not made a determination, then all unvested Rights automatically vest and are deemed to
                                                have been exercised, together with any previously vested but unexercised Rights, on the
                                                occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
                                                A Change of Control Event includes:
                                                   • a takeover bid that is or becomes free of any defeating conditions where an offeror




For personal use only
                                                      who previously had voting power of less than 50% in the Company obtains voting
                                                      power of more than 50%;
                                                   • shareholders of the Company approving a proposed compromise or arrangement for
                                                      the reconstruction of the Company or its amalgamation with any other company or
                                                      companies at a meeting convened by the Court pursuant to section 411(4)(a) of the
                                                      Corporations Act;
                                                   • any person becoming bound or entitled to acquire shares in the Company under
                                                      section 414 (compulsory acquisition following a scheme or contract) or Chapter 6A
                                                      (compulsory acquisition of securities) of the Corporations Act;
                                                   • a selective capital reduction being announced in respect of the Company which
                                                      results in a person who previously had voting power of less than 50% in the Company
                                                      obtaining voting power of more than 50%;
                                                   • the Company passes a resolution for voluntary winding up;
                                                   • an order is made for the compulsory winding up of the Company; or
                                                   • in any other case, a person obtaining voting power in the Company which the Board
                                                      determines is sufficient to control the composition of the Board.

                        Disposal restriction    A Right is not transferable except where permitted with the prior written consent of the Board
                                                or where required by force of law upon death or bankruptcy.
                                                Unless the Board determines otherwise, Shares allotted upon exercise of Rights must not be
                                                sold, transferred or disposed of by the holder at any time during which trading in the Company’s
                                                securities is prohibited in accordance with the Company’s corporate governance policies on
                                                share trading activities.

                        Bonus issues            If Shares are issued pro rata to the Company’s shareholders by way of bonus issue, the
                                                number of Shares over which the Rights are exercisable will be increased by the number of
                                                Shares that the Rights Holder would have received if it had exercised the Rights before the
                                                record date for the bonus issue. No adjustment will be made to the exercise price (if any).

                        Pro rata issues         If Shares are offered pro rata for subscription by the Company’s shareholders (except a
                                                bonus issue) during the currency of and prior to exercise of any Rights, the exercise price
                                                (if any) of each Right will be adjusted in a manner determined by the Board and in accord-
                                                ance with the ASX Listing Rules.

                        Adjustment for          If there is a reorganisation of the issued capital of the Company then the rights of a Rights
                        reorganisation          Holder will be changed to the extent necessary to comply with the ASX Listing Rules
                                                applying to a reorganisation of capital at the time of the reorganisation.

                        New issues              Subject to the foregoing, during the currency of any Rights and prior to their exercise,
                                                Rights Holders are not entitled to participate in any new issue of securities of the Company
                                                as a result of their holding Rights.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                             41
                        Directors’ Report




                        Ranking of Shares    Any Shares allotted under the Plan will rank equally with Shares of the same class on issue
                                             except as regards any rights attaching to such Shares by reference to a record date prior to
                                             the date of their allotment.

                        Quotation            If Shares of the same class as those allotted under the Plan are quoted on the Australian
                                             Securities Exchange (ASX) at the time of allotment, the Company will apply to the ASX for
                                             those Shares to be quoted.
                                             Unless the Board determines otherwise in its discretion, the Company will not apply for
                                             quotation of any Rights on the ASX.

                        Amendment            Subject to the ASX Listing Rules and the Corporations Act, the Board may amend, revoke,
                                             vary or add to all or any of the provisions of the Plan, or the terms or conditions of any Right
                                             (including vesting conditions).
                                             However, without the consent of the Rights Holder, no amendment may be made which




For personal use only
                                             adversely affects the rights of the Rights Holder, other than in certain circumstances,
                                             including an amendment for the purposes of complying with law or the ASX Listing Rules.
                                             Subject to the foregoing, any amendment may be given retrospective effect.

                        Board discretion     The Plan is administered by the Board which has power to, amongst other matters, deter-
                                             mine appropriate procedures for administration of the Plan consistent with the Plan rules.
                                             Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, the Board has absolute and unfettered
                                             discretion to act or refrain from acting under or in connection with the Plan or any Rights
                                             and in the exercise of any power or discretion under the Plan.
                                             The Board may at any time waive in whole or in part any terms or conditions (including any
                                             vesting condition) in relation to any Rights.



                        Long term incentive structure
                        This section summarises the LTI grants made in FY24.


                        Description          Under the LTI Plan, annual grants of performance rights are made to eligible participants to
                                             align remuneration with the creation of sustainable shareholder value over the long term.

                        Participants         Executive KMP and any employee of Lynas who is invited by the Board are eligible to participate.
                                             In addition to the Executive KMP, during FY24, three members of the Lynas Leadership Team
                                             and twenty eight senior employees who are critical to the delivery of Lynas’ short-term opera-
                                             tional and financial goals were invited to participate in the LTI Plan.

                        LTI Opportunity      CEO – Up to 150% of fixed remuneration
                                             Other KMP and Lynas Leadership Team – Up to 100% of fixed remuneration
                                             Other invited employees – Up 25 to 50% of fixed remuneration depending on employee level
                                             The number of LTI performance rights to be granted is calculated by taking the volume
                                             weighted average price of Lynas’ shares for the 5 trading days up to and including the date of
                                             Board approval (the PR Value). The relevant LTI grant is divided by the PR Value and rounded to
                                             the nearest whole number.

                        Vesting Date         In the first employee share trading window following August 2026




                        42                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Performance             Three vesting conditions apply to the LTI grants made during FY24:
                        Conditions                 • Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
                                                   • Strategic Target
                                                   • Sustainability Target

                        Relative TSR –          Relative TSR is assessed over a three year period from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2026, relative to
                        50% weighting           other companies in the ASX50 – 150 index (Peer Group Companies). For any performance rights
                                                to vest under the TSR vesting condition, Lynas’ performance must be equal to or greater than
                                                the 51% percentile of Peer Group Companies.
                                                The percentage of the performance rights that may vest is determined as follows:

                                                Lynas TSR Ranking across the TSR Period             Proportion of Performance Rights that vest

                                                Below 51st percentile                               0%




For personal use only
                                                At the 51st percentile                              50%
                                                Between the 51st percentile                         Between 50% and 100% as determined on
                                                and the 76th percentile                             a linear basis (rounded to the nearest 5%)
                                                At or above 76th percentile                         100%


                        Strategic Targets –     The Strategic Target vesting condition is that by 30 June 2026:
                        40% weighting                 • Lynas can sustain production at 10,500tpa NdPr.
                                                50% of the performance rights will vest upon demonstrating production at 10,500tpa with
                                                pro-rata increase in vesting on delivering installed capacity of greater than 10,500 tpa NdPr
                                                up to 12,000 tpa NdPr.

                        Sustainability          The Sustainability Target vesting condition is that by 30 June 2026, Lynas delivers installed
                        Target – 10%            renewable energy capacity at Mt Weld with capacity to achieve greater than 50% of the
                        weighting               energy requirements at Mt Weld.

                        Why were these          The vesting conditions for the LTI Plan were selected due to their alignment with Lynas’ long
                        performance             term strategic goals.
                        conditions
                                                The Relative TSR Vesting condition was selected because it ensures alignment between
                        selected?
                                                competitive shareholder return and reward for the executive. The comparison with peer group
                                                companies in the ASX200 index provides an objective, external market-based performance
                                                measure relative to Lynas’ peer group companies. Relative TSR is widely understood and
                                                accepted by key stakeholders.
                                                The Strategic Target was selected due to its importance to Lynas long term strategic goals.
                                                The Sustainability Target was selected due to its importance to Lynas’ stakeholders and the
                                                future sustainable growth of the business.

                        How and when            Relative TSR will be calculated by Lynas and tested by an external adviser as soon as practicable
                        is performance          at the end of the performance period.
                        assessed?
                                                The Strategic and Sustainability Targets will be assessed by the Board after 30 June 2026.

                        Eligibility for         Holders of performance rights are not eligible for dividends until the performance rights have
                        dividends               been converted into shares.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                              43
                        Directors’ Report
                        Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                        Cessation of           Cessation of employment or engagement
                        employment             Subject to the terms of the relevant invitation and the Plan:
                                                  • if an Offeree ceases to be an employee of, or engaged by, the Group in circumstances
                                                     where the cessation is due to Termination for Cause, then unless the Board deter-
                                                     mines otherwise, all of their vested (but unexercised) Rights, and all of their unvested
                                                     Rights, will automatically lapse; and
                                                  • if an Offeree ceases to be an employee of, or engaged by, the Group in circumstances
                                                     other than due to Termination for Cause, then unless the Board determines other-
                                                     wise, all vested (but unexercised) Rights, and all unvested Rights, will remain on issue
                                                     in accordance with the terms and conditions upon which those Rights were granted.
                                               Termination for Cause means termination of employment or engagement of the Offeree
                                               due to, amongst other matters, fraud or dishonesty, a material breach of the Offeree’s obli-
                                               gations to the Group, any act of gross negligence in the performance of duties or any other
                                               reason (including under applicable law or the Offeree’s employment contract, consulting




For personal use only
                                               agreement or other form of engagement) that the Board determines constitutes justifica-
                                               tion for termination without notice or compensation.

                                               Treatment of Rights after cessation of employment or Engagement
                                               If a person continues to hold Rights after they or their Offeree cease to be employed or
                                               engaged by the Group, then the Board may in its discretion determine that some or all of
                                               those Rights will lapse if the Board determines that the person has breached any obligation
                                               owed to the Group or the circumstances have changed such that it is no longer appropriate
                                               for the person to retain the Rights.

                        Clawback               The Board may, amongst taking other action (such as requiring any benefits obtained under
                                               the Plan to be returned), deem any unvested or vested (but unexercised) Rights to have lapsed
                                               if an Offeree takes certain adverse action, including committing a fraudulent or dishonest act
                                               or engaging in behaviour which has caused, or is likely to cause, the Company’s reputation to
                                               be adversely affected.

                        Change of              If an event occurs that the Board reasonably believes may lead to a Change of Control Event,
                        Control Event          the Board may determine the treatment (and the timing of such treatment) of any unvested or
                                               unexercised Rights. If a Change of Control Event occurs and the Board has not made a deter-
                                               mination, then all unvested Rights automatically vest and are deemed to have been exercised,
                                               together with any previously vested but unexercised Rights, on the occurrence of the Change of
                                               Control Event.
                                               A Change of Control Event includes:
                                                  • a takeover bid that is or becomes free of any defeating conditions where an offeror
                                                     who previously had voting power of less than 50% in the Company obtains voting
                                                     power of more than 50%;
                                                  • shareholders of the Company approving a proposed compromise or arrangement for
                                                     the reconstruction of the Company or its amalgamation with any other company or
                                                     companies at a meeting convened by the Court pursuant to section 411(4)(a) of the
                                                     Corporations Act;
                                                  • any person becoming bound or entitled to acquire shares in the Company under
                                                     section 414 (compulsory acquisition following a scheme or contract) or Chapter 6A
                                                     (compulsory acquisition of securities) of the Corporations Act;
                                                  • a selective capital reduction being announced in respect of the Company which
                                                     results in a person who previously had voting power of less than 50% in the Company
                                                     obtaining voting power of more than 50%;
                                                  • the Company passes a resolution for voluntary winding up;
                                                  • an order is made for the compulsory winding up of the Company; or
                                                  • in any other case, a person obtaining voting power in the Company which the Board
                                                     determines is sufficient to control the composition of the Board.




                        44                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Disposal restriction    A Right is not transferable except where permitted with the prior written consent of the Board
                                                or where required by force of law upon death or bankruptcy.
                                                Unless the Board determines otherwise, Shares allotted upon exercise of Rights must not be
                                                sold, transferred or disposed of by the holder at any time during which trading in the Company’s
                                                securities is prohibited in accordance with the Company’s corporate governance policies on
                                                share trading activities.

                        Bonus issues            If Shares are issued pro rata to the Company’s shareholders by way of bonus issue, the number
                                                of Shares over which the Rights are exercisable will be increased by the number of Shares that
                                                the Rights Holder would have received if it had exercised the Rights before the record date for
                                                the bonus issue. No adjustment will be made to the exercise price (if any).

                        Pro rata issues         If Shares are offered pro rata for subscription by the Company’s shareholders (except a bonus
                                                issue) during the currency of and prior to exercise of any Rights, the exercise price (if any) of each
                                                Right will be adjusted in a manner determined by the Board and in accordance with the ASX




For personal use only
                                                Listing Rules.

                        Adjustment for          If there is a reorganisation of the issued capital of the Company then the rights of a Rights
                        reorganisation          Holder will be changed to the extent necessary to comply with the ASX Listing Rules applying to
                                                a reorganisation of capital at the time of the reorganisation.

                        New issues              Subject to the foregoing, during the currency of any Rights and prior to their exercise, Rights
                                                Holders are not entitled to participate in any new issue of securities of the Company as a result
                                                of their holding Rights.

                        Ranking                 Any Shares allotted under the Plan will rank equally with Shares of the same class on issue
                        of Shares               except as regards any rights attaching to such Shares by reference to a record date prior to the
                                                date of their allotment.

                        Quotation               If Shares of the same class as those allotted under the Plan are quoted on the Australian
                                                Securities Exchange (ASX) at the time of allotment, the Company will apply to the ASX for those
                                                Shares to be quoted.
                                                Unless the Board determines otherwise in its discretion, the Company will not apply for quota-
                                                tion of any Rights on the ASX.

                        Amendment               Subject to the ASX Listing Rules and the Corporations Act, the Board may amend, revoke, vary or
                                                add to all or any of the provisions of the Plan, or the terms or conditions of any Right (including
                                                vesting conditions).
                                                However, without the consent of the Rights Holder, no amendment may be made which
                                                adversely affects the rights of the Rights Holder, other than in certain circumstances, including
                                                an amendment for the purposes of complying with law or the ASX Listing Rules.
                                                Subject to the foregoing, any amendment may be given retrospective effect.

                        Board discretion        The Plan is administered by the Board which has power to, amongst other matters, determine
                                                appropriate procedures for administration of the Plan consistent with the Plan rules.
                                                Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, the Board has absolute and unfettered
                                                discretion to act or refrain from acting under or in connection with the Plan or any Rights and in
                                                the exercise of any power or discretion under the Plan.
                                                The Board may at any time waive in whole or in part any terms or conditions (including any
                                                vesting condition) in relation to any Rights.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                   45
                        Directors’ Report
                        Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                        D. REMUNERATION OUTCOMES IN FY24
                        FY24 STI grant performance outcomes
                        An award at 75.0% of fixed remuneration for CEO and 57.3% of fixed remuneration for executive KMP will be made
                        under the FY24 STI Plan. The table below sets out the outcomes of the FY24 STI Plan.


                        Performance outcome – financial performance conditions

                        Performance            Lynas has recorded performance on NdPr Production and NdPr Operating Costs that were at or
                        condition              above budget in FY24.

                        Outcome
                                                                                                                Outcome                          Executive
                                                                                                                                       CEO         KMP
                                                                                                                                     Outcome     Outcome




For personal use only
                                               Performance                                          Threshold     Target    Maximum (% of Fixed (% of Fixed
                                               Condition   Target         Actual       Weighting      90%          100%       110%     Rem)        Rem)

                                               EBITDA         Forecast    73.2% of        20%                                               0%           0%
                                                              target(1)   Target

                                               NdPr           Forecast    102.4% of       20%                                              21.2%        16.2%
                                               Production     Target(1)   Target
                                               Targets

                                               NdPr           Forecast    106.0% of       20%                                              23.0%        18.0%
                                               Operating      Target(1)   Target
                                               Costs

                                               (1)	The NdPr Operating Cost, NdPr Production Target and EBITDA Target are commercial in confidence. The NdPr
                                                    Operating Cost, NdPr Production Target and EBITDA Targets are set by the Board based on the annual budget.

                        Performance outcome – non-financial performance conditions

                        Performance            The Board assessed the performance of the Executives in the following areas: (1) Progress on
                        Conditions             Strategic Plan/Business Plan; (2) Health, Safety and Environment; (3) Sustainability; (4) People
                                               & Culture.

                        Outcome –              The Board has assessed an award at 77.0% of Target (weighted outcome of 30.8%) for the
                        Target Achieved        non-financial performance conditions.

                                               Performance
                                               Condition            Target                                                                    Outcome

                                               Progress on          The amendment of the Malaysian operating licence to                       Achieved
                                               Strategic Plan/      remove the condition requiring the closure of C&L at Lynas
                                               Business Plan        Malaysia was a key strategic achievement during FY24. The
                                                                    efforts to secure this amendment have generated significant
                                                                    value for shareholders and also for the local community in
                                                                    Pahang, Malaysia.
                                                                    Significant progress was also achieved on other strategic
                                                                    projects:
                                                                       • Feed on, first production and first shipment of product
                                                                          from the Kalgoorlie Rare Earth Processing Facility.
                                                                       • Continued progress on the Mt Weld expansion project.
                                                                       • Completion of Mt Weld exploration and drilling
                                                                          program leading to new Mt Weld Reserve and
                                                                          Resource Statement released on 5 August 2024.
                                                                       • Completion of MREC receival and processing facility
                                                                          and successful tie-in of additional separation capacity
                                                                          in line with the Lynas Malaysia Industrial Plan.
                                                                       • Design and announcement of Heavy Rare Earth
                                                                          separation project at Lynas Malaysia.



                        46                                                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Outcome –               Performance
                        target achieved         Condition           Target                                                           Outcome
                        continued
                                                Health,             Safety performance in FY24 has not met target. Whilst            Not achieved
                                                Safety and          LTIR has reduced from 1.2 (FY23) to 1.04 (FY24), TRIFR has
                                                Environment         increased from 3.4 (FY23) to 5.0 (FY24). Measures have
                                                                    been put in place to address the TRIFR performance and
                                                                    improve safety at all sites.
                                                                    Good environmental performance during the period has
                                                                    led to the target being achieved. All operating licences
                                                                    have been maintained in good standing. Lynas Malaysia
                                                                    again achieved the highest ranking in its AELB audit
                                                                    and was named by the AELB as Best Licence Holder for
                                                                    Control Category 4 2021-2023.
                                                                    Despite the positive environmental performance, due to




For personal use only
                                                                    the increase in TRIFR, no award has been made in this
                                                                    category.

                                                Sustainability      Progress in implementing sustainability improvements             Achieved
                                                                    (including progress of implementing Greenhouse Gas
                                                                    (GHG) emission reduction plans) has achieved target.
                                                                    Progress during FY24 includes:
                                                                         • The implementation of a whole of company emis-
                                                                           sions monitoring program, including the formation of
                                                                           a global Climate Working Group and implementation
                                                                           of centralised collection of emissions monitoring data.
                                                                         • Increased water recycling at Mt Weld from 25.3% in
                                                                           FY22 to 28.8% in FY24.
                                                                         • Implementation of actions in the Mt Weld Social
                                                                           Cultural Heritage Management Plan, including site
                                                                           wide heritage training conducted by Nyalpa Pirniku
                                                                           elders.
                                                                         • Progress on the transition to power supply from
                                                                           lower emission sources via the Mt Weld PPA,
                                                                           including negotiation of the contract documents
                                                                           and commencement of early works on site.
                                                                         • The award of a 5-year Mining Contract with Carey
                                                                           Group, an experienced open pit mining contract and
                                                                           leading 100% First-Nations owned business.

                                                People &            The People & Culture focus for the FY24 STI program was
                                                Culture             increasing diversity in a range of areas.
                                                                    The total number of females in operating roles increased
                                                                    from 20% at the end of FY23 to 21% at the end of FY24.
                                                                    A 40% improvement in employment of First Nations
                                                                    people in both Australia and Malaysia was achieved.
                                                                    A high level of staff mobility has occurred between
                                                                    Australia and Malaysia, encouraging diversity and sharing
                                                                    of skills across our operating locations.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                              47
                        Directors’ Report
                        Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                        2021 LTI grant performance outcomes
                        The LTI performance rights issued in September 2021 to executive KMP and LLT members were granted subject to
                        the following vesting conditions:
                             • Relative TSR – 50% weighting
                             • Lynas 2025 Project Targets – 50% weighting
                        The table below sets the performance outcomes.


                        Performance outcome – relative TSR

                        Vesting Condition      Satisfaction of the Relative TSR vesting condition required Lynas’ TSR to be at least at the
                                               51st percentile of ASX 200 companies calculated over the three year period from 1 July 2021
                                               to 30 June 2024.




For personal use only
                                               The Relative TSR performance rights will vest in accordance with the following scale:


                                               Lynas TSR Ranking                            Proportion of Performance Rights that vest

                                               Below 51st percentile                        0%
                                               At the 51st percentile                       50%
                                               Between the 51st percentile                  Between 50% and 100% as determined on a linear
                                               and the 76th percentile                      basis (rounded up or down to the nearest 5%)
                                               At or above 76th percentile                  100%


                        Outcome –              RTSR was assessed by an external consultant, PWC.
                        Partially achieved
                                               Lynas’ TSR was at the 56th percentile of ASX200 companies (a total positive shareholder return
                                               of 13.3% over the period). 60% of the Relative TSR Performance Rights will vest.

                        Performance outcome – Lynas 2025 Project Targets

                        Vesting Condition      The Lynas 2025 Project Target performance conditions is that the following Lynas 2025 Project
                                               Targets were achieved by 30 June 2024:
                                                  (i) the Lynas Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility achieving the capacity to sustain
                                                      operations at nameplate capacity (70% weighting); and
                                                  (ii) development of capacity to separate heavy rare earths (30% weighting).

                        Outcome –              These performance conditions were not achieved.
                        Not achieved
                                               The Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility has commenced production of MREC however
                                               ramp up is still underway and capacity to sustain operations at nameplate has not yet been
                                               reached.
                                               Due to delays in finalising the U.S. Government funding for the heavy rare earths facility beyond
                                               the timeline that was initially anticipated, heavy rare earth separation is not yet completed. As
                                               announced on 27 June 2024, in order to accelerate production of HRE products Lynas intends
                                               to install heavy rare earth separate capacity at Lynas Malaysia and is targeting first production in
                                               the 2025 calendar year.




                        48                                                                                                  www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        E. LINKING REMUNERATION AND GROUP PERFORMANCE
                        Sections C and D above set out how the LTI and STI Plan Performance Conditions are linked to Lynas’ performance.

                        The table below provides further information about the financial performance of Lynas over the past five years.


                                                                                   30 June         30 June         30 June         30 June         30 June
                                                                                      2020             2021           2022            2023            2024

                        Revenue ($‘000)                                              305,111       489,024          920,014         739,279         463,285
                        Total REO production (tonnes per annum)                      14,562           15,761         15,970          16,780          10,908
                        Sales volume (REO tonnes per annum)                           14,172         16,405           15,263          16,014          12,158
                        Average selling price (per REO tonne)                          21.53           29.81          60.27            46.16           38.10
                        Profit / (loss) before tax ($‘000)                           (19,156)       157,487         535,756         347,835         105,500




For personal use only
                        Profit / (loss) after tax ($‘000)                            (19,395)       157,083        540,824          310,666          84,514
                        Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT)                       (6,245)       169,500         540,641         315,504          75,234
                        Shareholder capital ($’000)                               1,424,847       1,859,598       1,859,598       2,091,089       2,091,089
                        Annual average share price                                    $2.20            $4.15           $8.51          $8.00           $6.53
                        Closing share price at financial year end                      $1.94           $5.71          $8.73           $6.85           $5.93
                        Basic earnings / (loss) per share (cents)                      (2.79)          18.08          59.95           34.05            9.04
                        Diluted earnings / (loss) per share (cents)                    (2.79)          17.99          58.70           33.92             9.01


                        Separately, changes in the share based remuneration from one year to the next reflect the effect of amortising the
                        accounting value of options and performance rights over their vesting period and the impact of forfeitures which
                        can relate to both the current and prior periods in a given fiscal period. In certain periods, a negative value may be
                        presented which results when the forfeitures recognised in a period are greater than the accounting amortisation
                        expense for the current portion of the vesting period.



                        F. SERVICE AGREEMENTS
                        The CEO and Managing Director and Executives each have a services contract/ employment contracts which are on
                        reasonable commercial conditions. The key provisions of the agreement are:


                                                CEO and Managing Director                              Other Executives

                        Type                    Services contract                                      Employment contract

                        Duration                Ongoing                                                Ongoing

                        Notice by               3 months                                               3 months
                        Executive

                        Notice by Lynas         6 months                                               3 – 6 months
                                                Termination without notice for serious misconduct      Termination without notice for serious misconduct

                        Treatment of            On resignation, then unless otherwise determined by the Board (in its discretion), the unvested
                        incentives on           performance rights will continue to be subject to the rules of the LTI Plan until the vesting date, at which
                        termination             time the performance rights will vest in accordance with the rules of the LTI Plan.
                                                The Board may exercise its discretion to cancel the performance rights, except where the participant has
                                                been retrenched where cancellation will occur within 36 months of the Board’s decision.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                         49
                        Directors’ Report
                        Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                        G. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
                        Remuneration policy
                        Consistent with Lynas’ approach, remuneration of Non-Executive Directors is set at a level that enables Lynas to
                        engage high calibre individuals. We focus on ensuring that the Board of Directors reflects the broad mix of skills,
                        experience and diversity necessary to oversee Lynas in its position as a significant participant in the critical global
                        market for Rare Earth products.

                        Non-Executive Director fees are set considering: (1) the fees paid by companies of a similar size and/or industry;
                        (2) the time and commitment required; (3) the risk and responsibilities; and (4) the required commercial and
                        industry experience.

                        To ensure independence, Non-Executive Director fees are fixed, and Non-Executive Directors do not receive any
                        performance-related or ‘at-risk’ compensation.




For personal use only
                        Remuneration structure
                        Non-Executive Director fees consist of Director fees and Committee fees. Each Non-Executive Director (other than
                        the Chairman of the Board) received a fee for each committee of which they are members (capped at two commit-
                        tees). The Chairman of the Board does not receive committee fees.

                        The current aggregate fee pool for the Non-Executive Directors of $2.2 million was approved at the AGM held on
                        29 November 2022. FY24 Director fees remained well below the pool limit, which will enable the appointment of
                        additional Directors in the future.

                        The Non-Executive Director fees payable for the period from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024 were:


                                                                                                                                       Amount
                                                                                                                                   (exclusive of
                        Board fees per annum                                                                                   superannuation)

                        Chairman                                                                                                       $375,292
                        Non-Executive Director                                                                                         $165,750
                        Committee Chair (Audit, Risk & ESG)                                                                             $49,725
                        Committee Chair (Nomination Remuneration & Community/ Health, Safety & Environment)                             $38,675
                        Committee member (Audit, Risk & ESG)                                                                            $24,862
                        Committee member (Nomination Remuneration & Community/ Health, Safety & Environment)                             $19,337


                        Board and committee fees were last reviewed effective from 1 July 2022.

                        The remuneration for each of the Non-Executive Directors for the financial years ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June
                        2023 is set out in Section H below.




                        50                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        H. DETAILS OF REMUNERATION
                        The figures included in the statutory table below for share based payments were not actually provided to the KMP
                        during FY2024 or FY2023. These amounts are calculated in accordance with accounting standards and are the
                        amortised IFRS fair values of equity and equity-related instruments that have been granted to the executives.

                                                                  Short term                              Post-employment
                                                                   benefits                                    benefits                     Long term benefits


                                                                   Other short
                                                                                       Non-monetary
                                                                                                                            Super and                                             Performance
                                                    Cash salary                                           Termination                       Long service        Share-based
                                                                   term employee                                            other pension                                         related %
                                                    and fees       benefits            benefits           payments          payments        leave               payments          Total             Total
                        Name




For personal use only
                        FY24                           $                $                  $                 $                   $              $                  $                  $              $
                        Executive Director
                        A. Lacaze                 1,480,600         566,046                           –                 –       27,399          23,651         1,385,725                  56%     3,483,421

                        Non-Executive Directors
                        K. Conlon(1)                144,487                        –                  –                 –        13,118                    –                  –            0%      157,605
                        J. Humphrey                   291,721                      –                  –                 –       26,255                     –                  –            0%      317,976
                        P. Etienne                  230,325                        –                  –                 –             –                    –                  –            0%      230,325
                        G. Murdoch                   212,500                       –                  –                 –       23,375                     –                  –            0%      235,875
                        V. Guthrie                   219,562                       –                  –                 –             –                    –                  –            0%      219,562
                        J. Beevers                  186,604                        –                  –                 –       20,526                     –                  –            0%      207,130

                        Executives
                        S. Leonard                  505,222          153,066                 –                          –      27,399           12,333           411,608                   51%     1,109,628
                        G. Sturzenegger              611,794         179,552                 –                          –           –                –          477,025                   52%      1,268,371
                        C. Jenney                    765,177        204,247                  –                          –      27,399            8,339           661,629                  52%      1,666,791
                        P. Le Roux                  828,788           261,971           90,604                          –      84,420                –          694,629                   49%      1,960,412
                        M. Ahmad                    396,480          195,338                 –                          –      59,024                –           376,518                  56%     1,027,360

                        Total                     5,873,260        1,560,220            90,604                          –     308,915        44,323            4,007,134                  47%    11,884,456


                        FY23                           $                $                  $                 $                   $              $                  $                  $              $
                        Executive Director
                        A. Lacaze                 1,488,308         378,860                           –                 –       25,292        24,787            1,710,293                 58%     3,627,540

                        Non-Executive Directors
                        K. Conlon                   350,000                        –                  –                 –       25,292                     –                  –            0%       375,292
                        P. Etienne                  229,288                        –                  –                 –            –                     –                  –            0%      229,288
                        J. Humphrey                 207,500                        –                  –                 –       21,788                     –                  –            0%      229,288
                        G. Murdoch                   212,500                       –                  –                 –       22,313                     –                  –            0%       234,813
                        V. Guthrie                  204,424                        –                  –                 –            –                     –                  –            0%      204,424
                        J. Beevers(2)                 27,625                       –                  –                 –        2,901                     –                  –            0%        30,526

                        Executives
                        S. Leonard                   507,761         100,342                 –                          –       25,292          8,458            351,645                  45%       993,498
                        G. Sturzenegger             629,981           116,225                –                          –            –              –            421,737                  46%      1,167,943
                        C. Jenney(3)                563,218          145,942                 –                          –       18,969          9,387           378,060                   47%       1,115,576
                        P. Le Roux                  755,568          165,600           162,207                          –       77,839              –           540,770                   42%     1,701,984
                        M. Ahmad                    397,708            91,035                –                          –       55,782              –            217,673                  41%        762,198

                        Total                      5,573,881        998,004            162,207                          –    275,468          42,632           3,620,178                  43%    10,672,370


                        (1) Resigned 29 November 2023
                        (2) Appointed effective 1 May 2023
                        (3) Promoted to KMP role effective 3 October 2022




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                                                                      51
                        Directors’ Report
                        Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                        I.      KMP EQUITY HOLDINGS
                        1.       Shareholdings
                        The following table outlines the shares held directly, indirectly and beneficially by directors and KMP as at 30 June 2024.


                                                   Balance             Purchased      On exercise of
                                              at beginning             during the      performance       Sold during                      Balance at
                        Name                        of year                  year            rights         the year          Other      end of year

                        A. Lacaze                 2,895,454                       –         430,163       (1,000,000)             –         2,325,617
                        K. Conlon(1)                 130,635                      –               –                –       (130,635)                 –
                        P. Etienne                    75,284                      –               –                –              –            75,284
                        J. Humphrey                   56,494                 13,506               –                –              –           70,000
                        G. Murdoch                   161,007                      –               –                –              –           161,007
                        V. Guthrie                    15,000                      –               –                –              –            15,000




For personal use only
                        J. Beevers                          –                27,787               –                –              –            27,787
                        S. Leonard                     7,492                      –         48,656                 –              –            56,148
                        G. Sturzenegger             605,618                       –         62,460                 –              –          668,078
                        C. Jenney                       2,157                     –          13,367                –              –             15,524
                        P. Le Roux                   202,931                      –          64,610                –              –           267,541
                        M. Ahmad                    104,283                       –          49,212                –              –           153,495

                        Total                    4,256,355                   41,293        668,468       (1,000,000)       (130,635)       3,835,481

                        (1) Resigned 29 November 2023

                        Other movements in relation to KMP shareholdings relate to the person ceasing to be a member of the KMP
                        during the year.


                        2.       Share based remuneration – performance rights
                        Performance Rights are issued with no consideration payable on exercise. As at year end the Group had on issue to
                        directors and KMP the following Performance Rights to acquire ordinary fully paid shares:

                                                                                                                                       Fair Value per
                                                                                                                                        performance
                                                                                     Date vested                          Exercise            right at
                        Series             Grant date            Number           and exercisable           Expiry date      price        grant date

                        BI        26 November 2020               208,856      09 September 2023     09 September 2025       $ 0.00              $2.50
                        BL        20 September 2021                 65,652         31 August 2024        31 August 2026     $ 0.00              $5.23
                        BM        20 September 2021                 65,652         31 August 2024        31 August 2026     $ 0.00              $7.60
                        BO         29 November 2021                 80,553         31 August 2024        31 August 2026     $ 0.00              $5.68
                        BP         29 November 2021                 80,553         31 August 2024        31 August 2026     $ 0.00              $8.57
                        BS           17 February 2023             187,246         25 August 2025        25 August 2027      $ 0.00              $8.29
                        BT           17 February 2023             187,246         25 August 2025        25 August 2027      $ 0.00              $4.50
                        BU        29 November 2022               128,804          25 August 2025        25 August 2027      $ 0.00              $8.54
                        BV        29 November 2022               128,804          25 August 2025        25 August 2027      $ 0.00              $4.97
                        BV         13 November 2023               137,254         24 August 2024        24 August 2024      $ 0.00               $6.91
                        BW         13 November 2023              237,488           31 August 2026       25 August 2028      $ 0.00              $4.42
                        BX         13 November 2023               189,992          31 August 2026       25 August 2028      $ 0.00               $6.91
                        BY         13 November 2023                47,500          31 August 2026       25 August 2028      $ 0.00               $6.91
                        BZ        29 November 2023                  83,418        24 August 2024        24 August 2024      $ 0.00              $6.62
                        CA        29 November 2023                 161,263         31 August 2026       25 August 2028      $ 0.00              $3.84
                        CB        29 November 2023                 129,010         31 August 2026       25 August 2028      $ 0.00              $6.62
                        CC        29 November 2023                  32,253        24 August 2024        24 August 2024      $ 0.00              $6.62

                        Total                                   2,151,544




                        52                                                                                                    www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Fair value of performance rights
                        The fair value of each Performance Right is estimated on the date it is granted using volume-weighted average
                        share price, Monte Carlo and Binomial valuation methodologies. The following assumptions were considered in the
                        valuation of Performance Rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2024:


                                                   PRs issued to employees other than CEO                              PRs issued to CEO

                                                  Series BV         Series BW       Series BX & BY         Series BZ       Series CA       Series CB & CC

                        Grant date              8 Nov 2023          8 Nov 2023          8 Nov 2023     29 Nov 2023        29 Nov 2023       29 Nov 2023
                        Fair Value per right        $6.91               $4.42               $6.91          $6.62              $3.84             $6.62
                        Exercise price              $0.00               $0.00               $0.00          $0.00              $0.00             $0.00
                        Dividend yield                Nil               0.36%                 Nil            Nil              0.38%               Nil
                        Expected volatility          45%                 45%                 45%            45%                45%               45%




For personal use only
                        Risk-free Rate              4.17%               4.17%               4.17%         4.04%              4.04%             4.04%
                        Expiry date             31 Aug 2024         31 Aug 2028         31 Aug 2028    31 Aug 2024        31 Aug 2028       31 Aug 2028


                        The life of the Performance Right is up to 5 years from date of grant (as specified above) and is therefore not
                        necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur.

                        The resulting weighted average fair values for all Performance Rights granted for the benefit of Directors and KMP
                        during the year are:


                                                     Number of        Fair value per            Exercise
                                                   performance        instrument at            price per                                    Last exercise
                        Grant date                       rights      valuation date          instrument       First exercise date          or expiry date

                        13 November 2023                  137,254               $6.91             $ 0.00         24 August 2024         24 August 2024
                        13 November 2023                 237,488              $4.42               $ 0.00         31 August 2026         25 August 2028
                        13 November 2023                 189,992                $6.91             $ 0.00         31 August 2026         25 August 2028
                        13 November 2023                  47,500                $6.91            $ 0.00         31 August 2026          25 August 2028
                        29 November 2023                  83,418              $6.62              $ 0.00         24 August 2024          24 August 2024
                        29 November 2023                  161,263             $3.84               $ 0.00         31 August 2026         25 August 2028
                        29 November 2023                  129,010             $6.62               $ 0.00         31 August 2026         25 August 2028
                        29 November 2023                   32,253             $6.62               $ 0.00         24 August 2024         24 August 2024

                        Total                          1,018,178


                        Except as specified in the table above, all Performance Rights granted for the benefit of Directors and KMP have
                        three-year vesting periods. The Performance Rights are exercisable up to five years after issue date, subject to
                        achievement of the relevant performance hurdles.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                    53
                        Directors’ Report
                        Remuneration Report – Audited continued




                        The following tables outline the Performance Rights granted for the benefit of Directors and KMP during the 2023
                        and 2024 financial years and those Performance Rights which have vested at each respective year-end.

                                             Balance at
                                             beginning                                                                                 Balance at
                         30 June 2024           of year       Granted         Grant date   Exercised     Forfeited    Net change      end of year

                         A. Lacaze             1,254,752      405,944        29 Nov 2023    (430,163)    (208,856)       (233,075)      1,021,677
                         K. Conlon                     –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         P. Etienne                    –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         J. Humphrey                   –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         G. Murdoch                    –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         V. Guthrie                    –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         J. Beevers                    –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         S Leonard               170,185          98,245      8 Nov 2023     (48,656)      (34,931)        14,658        184,843




For personal use only
                         G. Sturzenegger        209,943           118,454     8 Nov 2023     (62,460)     (46,449)          9,545        219,488
                         P. Le Roux             283,394           162,283     8 Nov 2023     (64,610)      (45,599)       52,074         335,468
                         M. Ahmad                165,059           93,011     8 Nov 2023      (49,212)     (36,671)         7,128         172,187
                         C. Jenney                127,113         140,241     8 Nov 2023      (13,367)           -        126,874        253,987

                         Total                2,210,446       1,018,178                    (668,468)     (372,506)       (22,796)       2,187,650


                         30 June 2023
                         A. Lacaze             1,483,028          296,653    29 Nov 2022    (479,455)      (45,474)      (228,276)      1,254,752
                         K. Conlon                     –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         P. Etienne                    –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         J. Humphrey                   –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         G. Murdoch                    –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         V. Guthrie                    –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         J. Beevers                    –                –              –            –            –              –               –
                         S Leonard              103,586            74,091    17 Feb 2023      (7,492)            -        66,599          170,185
                         G. Sturzenegger        238,982           86,437     17 Feb 2023     (105,618)      (9,858)       (29,039)       209,943
                         P. Le Roux             284,570           119,355    17 Feb 2023     (110,588)      (9,943)         (1,176)      283,394
                         M. Ahmad                189,696           67,703    17 Feb 2023     (84,424)       (7,916)       (24,637)       165,059
                         C. Jenney                27,709           101,561   17 Feb 2023       (2,157)           -        99,404           127,113

                         Total                 2,327,571      745,800                      (789,734)       (73,191)       (117,125)    2,210,446


                        At 30 June 2024, 208,856 performance rights issued to A. Lacaze had vested and were exercisable (30 June 2023:
                        391,118). No other KMP had any performance rights that had vested and were exercisable (30 June 2023: nil).

                        The Directors’ report is signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to s.298 (2) of the
                        Corporations Act 2001. On behalf of the Directors,

                        On behalf of the Directors,




                        John Humphrey
                        Chair
                        Brisbane, 28 August 2024




                        54                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Directors’ Declaration

                        The Directors declare that:
                           (a)   in the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its
                                 debts as and when they become due and payable;




For personal use only
                           (b)   in the Directors’ opinion, the attached financial report is in compliance with International Financial
                                 Reporting Standards, as stated in the Basis of preparation note to the Financial Statements;
                           (c)   the consolidated entity disclosure statement required by section 295(3A) of the Corporations Act is true
                                 and correct;
                           (d)   in the Directors’ opinion, the attached financial report and notes thereto are in accordance with the
                                 Corporations Act 2001, including compliance with Australian Accounting Standards and giving a true and
                                 fair view of the financial position and performance of the Group; and
                           (e)   Directors have been given the declarations required by s.295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        At the date of this declaration, the Company is within the class of companies affected by Corporations Instrument
                        98/1418. The nature of the deed of cross guarantee is such that each company which is party to the deed guaran-
                        tees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee.

                        In the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the companies to which the
                        Corporations Instrument applies, as detailed in Note E.6 to the Financial Statements will, as a Group, be able to meet
                        any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross guarantee.

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors made pursuant to s.295 (5) of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        On behalf of the Directors,




                        John Humphrey
                        Chair
                        Brisbane, 28 August 2024




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                         55
                                                                         Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                                         11 Mounts Bay Road                    Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                                         Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au
                                                                         GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843



                        Auditor’s Independence
                        Declaration
                             Auditor’s independence declaration to the directors of Lynas Rare Earths
                             Limited

                             As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited for the financial year
                             ended 30 June 2024, I declare toErnst
                                                                 the &best of my knowledge and belief,
                                                                       Young                    Tel: +61 there
                                                                                                         8 9429 have
                                                                                                                2222 been:
                                                               11 Mounts Bay Road                Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                               Perth WA 6000 Australia           ey.com/au
                             a.    No contraventions of the auditor independence
                                                               GPO Box M939          requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                                                              Perth WA 6843
                                   relation to the audit;




For personal use only
                             b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and

                             c.    No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                                   relation to the audit.
                             Auditor’s    independence
                             This declaration                  declaration
                                              is in respect of Lynas          toLimited
                                                                     Rare Earths the directors     of Lynas
                                                                                        and the entities         Rareduring
                                                                                                         it controlled Earths
                                                                                                                            the
                             Limitedyear.
                             financial

                             As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited for the financial year
                             ended 30 June 2024, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                             a. No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                             Ernst & Young
                                 relation to the audit;

                             b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and

                             c. No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                             T S Hammond
                                  relation to the audit.
                             Partner
                             28 August 2024
                             This declaration is in respect of Lynas Rare Earths Limited and the entities it controlled during the
                             financial year.




                             Ernst & Young




                             T S Hammond
                             Partner
                             28 August 2024




                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation


                        56                                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
                                                                      Ernst & Young                   Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                                      11 Mounts Bay Road              Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                                      Perth WA 6000 Australia         ey.com/au
                                                                      GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843



                        Independent
                        Auditor’s Report
                            Independent auditor’s report to the members of Lynas Rare Earths Limited

                            Report on the audit of the financial report
                            Opinion                          Ernst & Young                     Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                             11 Mounts Bay Road                Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                             PerthofWA
                            We have audited the financial report        6000Rare
                                                                     Lynas   Australia         ey.com/au
                                                                                  Earths Limited (the  Company) and its subsidiaries
                                                             GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                            (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30




For personal use only
                            June 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
                            consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
                            then ended, notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, the
                            consolidated entity disclosure statement and the directors’ declaration.

                            In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
                            Independent
                            Act 2001,         auditor’s report to the members of Lynas Rare Earths Limited
                                       including:

                            a. Givingon
                            Report    a true
                                         theand fair view
                                             audit        of the
                                                     of the      consolidated
                                                               financial      financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2024
                                                                          report
                                 and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and
                            Opinion
                            b.   Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                            We have audited the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
                            Basis for opinion
                            (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30
                            June  2024, theour
                            We conducted      consolidated  statementwith
                                                 audit in accordance    of profit or loss
                                                                            Australian    and other
                                                                                        Auditing    comprehensive
                                                                                                 Standards.         income, the under
                                                                                                            Our responsibilities
                            consolidated
                            those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit offlows
                                           statement   of changes  in equity and  the  consolidated statement of cash        for the year
                                                                                                                       the financial
                            then  ended,  notes  to the financial statements,  including  material accounting policy information,
                            report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor           the
                            consolidated   entity disclosure statement   and  the directors’ declaration.
                            independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                            Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                            In our opinion,
                            Accountants      the accompanying
                                          (including           financial
                                                     Independence        report(the
                                                                   Standards)    of the Group
                                                                                      Code)    is are
                                                                                            that  in accordance
                                                                                                      relevant towith  the Corporations
                                                                                                                  our audit of the
                            Act 2001,   including:
                            financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
                            the Code.
                            a. Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2024
                                 and of that
                            We believe  its consolidated financial
                                             the audit evidence  weperformance for isthe
                                                                    have obtained        year ended
                                                                                       sufficient and on that date;to
                                                                                                      appropriate   and
                                                                                                                      provide a basis
                            for our opinion.
                            b. Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                            Key audit matters
                            Basis for opinion
                            Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
                            We
                            our conducted
                                audit of theour  audit inreport
                                              financial    accordance    with Australian
                                                                 of the current             Auditing
                                                                                   year. These        Standards.
                                                                                                matters           Our responsibilities
                                                                                                          were addressed                 under
                                                                                                                            in the context  of
                            those standards    are further  described   in the  Auditor’s  responsibilities for the audit  of the financial
                            our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
                            report section
                            a separate      of our
                                        opinion   onreport.  We are independent
                                                     these matters.    For the matter of the Group
                                                                                          below, ourindescription
                                                                                                       accordanceofwith
                                                                                                                     howtheourauditor
                                                                                                                                audit addressed
                            independence    requirements     of the
                            the matter is provided in that context. Corporations     Act  2001 and   the ethical requirements    of the
                            Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                            Accountants   (including
                            We have fulfilled         Independencedescribed
                                               the responsibilities    Standards)     (theAuditor’s
                                                                                   in the  Code) that  are relevant to
                                                                                                    responsibilities forour
                                                                                                                         theaudit
                                                                                                                              auditofofthe
                                                                                                                                        the
                            financial
                            financial report section of our report, including in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit with
                                      report in  Australia.  We  have  also  fulfilled our other  ethical responsibilities in accordance
                            the Code.the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
                            included
                            material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
                            We  believe that
                            procedures       the audit
                                         performed  to evidence we matter
                                                       address the have obtained is sufficient
                                                                          below, provide       and appropriate
                                                                                          the basis for our audittoopinion
                                                                                                                    provideon
                                                                                                                            a basis
                                                                                                                              the
                            for our opinion.
                            accompanying financial report.

                            Key audit matters
                            A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             Key    audit
                             Liability      matters
                                       limited          areapproved
                                               by a scheme  those matters     that, inStandards
                                                                    under Professional our professional
                                                                                                Legislation judgment, were of most significance in
                             our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
                        Lynasour
                              Rare audit
                                     Earths ofLimited
                                                the financial  report
                                                       | 2024 Annual   as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
                                                                     Report                                                                          57
                             a separate opinion on these matters. For the matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
                             the matter is provided in that context.
                             Report on the audit of the financial report
                             Opinion
                        Independent Auditor’s Report
                             We have audited the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
                             (collectively the Group), which comprises   the consolidated statement
                                                               Ernst & Young                             of8financial
                                                                                                  Tel: +61   9429 2222position as at 30
                             June 2024, the consolidated   statement
                                                               11 MountsofBay
                                                                           profit
                                                                              Roador loss and other comprehensive
                                                                                                  Fax: +61 8  9429 2436 income, the
                             consolidated statement of changes Perth  WA 6000
                                                                 in equity   andAustralia
                                                                                  the consolidatedey.com/au
                                                                                                    statement of cash flows for the year
                                                               GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                             then ended, notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, the
                                                               Ernst & Young                      Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                             consolidated entity disclosure statement    and the directors’ declaration.
                                                               11 Mounts Bay Road                 Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                                         Perth WA 6000 Australia               ey.com/au
                             In our opinion, the accompanying GPO
                                                              financial report
                                                                  Box M939 PerthofWA
                                                                                   the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
                                                                                     6843
                             Act 2001, including:

                             a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2024
                             Auditor’s   independence
                                and of its consolidated      declaration
                                                        financial           toforthe
                                                                  performance        directors
                                                                                  the year        ofthat
                                                                                           ended on  Lynas    Rare Earths
                                                                                                         date; and
                             Limited
                             b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                             Independent auditor’s report to the members of Lynas Rare Earths Limited
                             As  leadfor
                                       auditor  for the audit of the financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited for the financial year
                             Basis        opinion
                             ended 30 June 2024, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
                             Report
                             We conductedon the       audit
                                               our audit       of the financial
                                                            in accordance               report
                                                                             with Australian    Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                             thoseNo
                             a.      standards    are further
                                       contraventions     of thedescribed
                                                                   auditor in the   Auditor’s
                                                                           independence         responsibilities
                                                                                              requirements        for the
                                                                                                             of the        audit of the
                                                                                                                     Corporations         financial
                                                                                                                                      Act 2001   in
                             Opinion
                             report   section
                                   relation  toof
                                                theour  report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
                                                      audit;




For personal use only
                             independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                             We   have audited
                             Accounting
                             b.    No              the of
                                       contraventions  financial
                                            Professional           report
                                                              anyEthical
                                                             and          of Lynas
                                                                          Standards
                                                                   applicable  code ofRare   Earths
                                                                                        Board’s     Limited
                                                                                                 APES
                                                                                         professional   110   (the
                                                                                                             Code
                                                                                                        conduct     Company)
                                                                                                                  in of Ethicsto
                                                                                                                     relation      theits
                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                for       subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                     Professional
                                                                                                                                       audit;  and
                             (collectively
                             Accountantsthe      Group), which
                                             (including             comprises
                                                          Independence          the
                                                                           Standards)consolidated
                                                                                          (the       statement
                                                                                                Code) that  are of   financial
                                                                                                                 relevant       position
                                                                                                                            to our   audit as
                                                                                                                                           of at
                                                                                                                                              the30
                             June   2024,
                             financial
                             c.    No       the in services
                                        report
                                       non-audit consolidated
                                                     Australia. Westatementalsof profit
                                                                     havethat
                                                               provided          fulfilled
                                                                              contravene     loss
                                                                                         orour    and
                                                                                                other
                                                                                              any      other comprehensive
                                                                                                       ethical code of
                                                                                                  applicable   responsibilities   income,
                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                        professional        the inwith
                                                                                                                                      accordance
                                                                                                                                        conduct
                             consolidated
                             the  Code.      statement
                                   relation to the    audit.of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
                             then ended, notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, the
                             consolidated
                             We
                             This believe    entity
                                           that
                                   declaration        disclosure
                                                 theinaudit
                                                  is   respect     statement
                                                              evidence  we Rare
                                                                  of Lynas     and
                                                                            have     the  directors’
                                                                                   obtained is
                                                                                  Earths              declaration.
                                                                                                 sufficient
                                                                                            Limited  and theand   appropriate
                                                                                                              entities           to provide
                                                                                                                        it controlled   during  basis
                                                                                                                                              a the
                             for  our year.
                             financial opinion.
                             In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
                             Act
                             Key2001,
                                    auditincluding:
                                           matters
                             Key audit
                             a.        matters
                                  Giving a       are fair
                                           true and  those   matters
                                                          view of thethat, in  our professional
                                                                       consolidated              judgment,
                                                                                     financial position     were
                                                                                                        of the    of as
                                                                                                               Groupmostat 30
                                                                                                                           significance in
                                                                                                                                June 2024
                             our audit ofits
                                  and of  the financial report
                                             consolidated       of the current
                                                            financial           year.
                                                                      performance   forThese  matters
                                                                                        the year      were
                                                                                                  ended      addressed
                                                                                                         on that        in the context of
                                                                                                                 date; and
                             our audit
                             Ernst & of
                                     Youngthe financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
                             a
                             b.separate  opinion
                                  Complying   withon these
                                                   Australianmatters.  For the
                                                                Accounting     matter and
                                                                             Standards below,the
                                                                                               ourCorporations
                                                                                                   description of how  our audit
                                                                                                               Regulations   2001. addressed
                             the matter is provided in that context.
                             Basis for opinion
                             We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                             WeS conducted
                             financial
                             T         reportour
                                 Hammond             auditof
                                                 section   in our
                                                               accordance
                                                                    report, with    Australian
                                                                             including in      Auditing
                                                                                          relation        Standards. Our
                                                                                                   to this matter.         responsibilities
                                                                                                                    Accordingly,    our auditunder
                             those standards are
                             included the
                             Partner        performancefurtherofdescribed
                                                                 procedures   in the Auditor’s
                                                                                 designed      responsibilities
                                                                                           to respond  to our for    the audit
                                                                                                               assessment   of of
                                                                                                                                thethe  financial
                                                                                                                                     risks of
                             report
                             28     section
                             material
                                 Augustmisstatement
                                          2024 of            theWe
                                                        report.
                                                   our of                  independent
                                                                      are report.
                                                                   financial          Theof the  Group
                                                                                           results      in audit
                                                                                                   of our  accordance    with the
                                                                                                                 procedures,       auditorthe
                                                                                                                               including
                             independence
                             procedures        requirements
                                           performed      to     of
                                                             address thethe matter
                                                                          Corporations   Act 2001
                                                                                     below,  provideand
                                                                                                      thethe ethical
                                                                                                           basis      requirements
                                                                                                                 for our audit        of the
                                                                                                                                opinion   on the
                             Accounting
                             accompanying  Professional
                                                financial and    Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                                                           report.
                             Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
                             financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
                             the
                             A   Code.
                               member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                             We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                             for our opinion.

                             Key audit matters
                             Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
                             our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
                             our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
                             a separate opinion on these matters. For the matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
                             the matter is provided in that context.

                             We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                             financial report section of our report, including in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit
                             included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
                             material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
                             procedures performed to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             accompanying financial report.
                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation


                        58                                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                        Ernst & Young                          Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                                        11 Mounts Bay Road                     Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                                        Perth WA 6000 Australia                ey.com/au
                                                                        GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                                                                         Ernst & Young                          Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                                         11 Mounts Bay Road                     Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                                         Perth WA 6000 Australia                ey.com/au
                                                                         GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843                                                           2




                             Independent auditor’s report to the members of Lynas Rare Earths Limited

                             Report on the audit of the financial report
                             Independent auditor’s report to the members of Lynas Rare Earths Limited
                             Restoration and rehabilitation
                             Opinion
                             Report on the audit of the financial report
                              Why
                             We     significant
                                 have   audited the financial report of Lynas Rare How    Earthsour audit (the
                                                                                                 Limited  addressed  the keyand
                                                                                                                Company)     audit
                                                                                                                                 its matter
                                                                                                                                     subsidiaries
                             (collectively
                             Opinion
                              The           the Group),   which    comprises
                                   Group incurs obligations for asset and ite the  consolidated   statement   of financial position   as at 30
                                                                                           Our audit procedures included the following:




For personal use only
                             June  2024,    the consolidated     statement  of  profit
                              restoration and rehabilitation at Mt Weld, Kalgoorlie    or loss
                                                                                           •   and  other comprehensive     income,    the
                                                                                               Assessed the appropriateness of the changes     in
                             consolidated
                              andhave
                             We    Malaysia, statement
                                              which
                                        audited           of
                                                 theincludes changes
                                                              requirements
                                                      financial report in equity  and
                                                                            under its
                                                                         of Lynas      the  consolidated
                                                                                    Rare Earths  Limited
                                                                                               cost       statement
                                                                                                           (theand
                                                                                                    estimates         of
                                                                                                                Company)
                                                                                                                   other cash
                                                                                                                            andflows   for the year
                                                                                                                                 its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                         assumptions
                             then  ended, notes
                             (collectively
                              Full Operatingthe Group),
                                              Stage    the which
                                                   toLicense
                                                           financial  statements,
                                                                   comprises
                                                              in Malaysia to the
                                                                             manage including material
                                                                                   consolidatedunderpinning
                                                                                                  statementthe   cost policy
                                                                                                         accounting          information,
                                                                                                                      estimates.
                                                                                                              of financial position          the
                                                                                                                                      as at 30
                             consolidated
                             June
                              water2024,
                                     leached entity
                                            the      disclosure
                                                consolidated
                                              purification        statement
                                                                 statement
                                                           (WLP) and          and  the directors’
                                                                             of profit or •
                                                                       neutralisation     loss and declaration.
                                                                                                    other
                                                                                               Inquired    comprehensive
                                                                                                        with the            income,
                                                                                                                 Group’s expert        the to
                                                                                                                                 of changes
                             consolidated
                              underflow    statement
                                        (NUF)  residuesof changes
                                                       arising from in
                                                                     itsequity             the disturbed
                                                                               and the consolidated
                                                                         production                        areas since
                                                                                                        statement   of the
                                                                                                                       cashprevious annual
                                                                                                                             flows for the year
                             In ourended,
                             then   opinion,
                              process. As at
                                                 accompanying
                                             the to
                                          notes
                                             30 Junethe financial
                                                     2024 the
                                                                  financial
                                                                  statements,
                                                               Group’s
                                                                             report of the Group
                                                                                 including         is in
                                                                                           reporting
                                                                                           material      accordance
                                                                                                       period.
                                                                                                      accounting            the Corporations
                                                                                                                       withinformation,
                                                                                                                    policy               the
                             Act 2001, including:
                             consolidated  entity disclosure statement and the      directors’
                                                                                       •       declaration.
                                                                                           With the  involvement of our subject matter
                               consolidated statement of financial position includes
                               provisions of $279,281,000 in respect of such                        specialists, we assessed the appropriateness of
                             a.
                             In ourGiving   a true
                                      opinion,       and  fair view of the   consolidated financial the position   of the
                                                                                                        rehabilitation     Group
                                                                                                                        cost       as at
                                                                                                                             estimates.the30   June 2024
                               obligations  as the    accompanying
                                                disclosed in Note D.5. financial report of the Group        is in accordance     with        Corporations
                                   and   of its consolidated
                             Act 2001, including:                financial  performance     for• the year  ended    on that  date;  and
                                                                                                    Assessed the qualifications, competence and
                                                                                                    objectivity of the Group’s external experts, the
                             b.    Complying
                             a.Estimating
                                   Giving a       with
                                            thetrue
                                                 costs
                                                     andAustralian
                                                       associated
                                                          fair       Accounting
                                                               viewwith  these
                                                                     of the         Standards
                                                                                obligations
                                                                             consolidated                 Corporations
                                                                                                      the of
                                                                                                 andwork
                                                                                             financial       whom,
                                                                                                        position     formed
                                                                                                                   of the  Regulations
                                                                                                                              the as
                                                                                                                           Group  basis    2001.
                                                                                                                                       atof30
                                                                                                                                            theJune
                                                                                                                                                 Group’s
                                                                                                                                                     2024
                               requires  significant
                                   and of its         judgement in
                                                consolidated         relation to
                                                                 financial                          rehabilitation  cost estimates
                                                                                 when the for the year ended on hat date; and
                                                                            performance                                             for  Lynas   Advanced
                             Basis    forwill
                               activities  opinion
                                               take place, the costs associated with the            Materials Plant, Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Facility
                                                                                                    and the Mt Weld site.
                             b.activities and with
                                   Complying   economic    assumptions such
                                                        Australian   Accountingas discount
                                                                                    Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                             We   conducted
                               rates and         our rates.
                                          inflation   audit in accordance
                                                            Given the          with Australian
                                                                       significant             • Auditing    Standards.
                                                                                                    Inquired about   any Our    responsibilities
                                                                                                                          changes in                under
                                                                                                                                      license conditions
                             those   standards
                               judgements    and   are further involved,
                                                  assumptions     described   inGroup
                                                                            the  the Auditor’s
                                                                                       is         responsibilities
                                                                                                    with respect tofor
                                                                                                                     thethe audit
                                                                                                                          managementof the    financial
                                                                                                                                          of WLP  and NUF
                             Basis for opinion                                                      residues
                             report   section of our report. We are independent of the Group
                               required to continually reassess and confirm that the
                                                                                                           in and  assessed the
                                                                                                               accordance        appropriateness
                                                                                                                             with the    auditor of
                             independence       requirements      of the  Corporations    Act  2001 changes
                                                                                                       and    in ethical
                                                                                                            the  assumptions and    calculations
                                                                                                                          requirements      of thewithin
                             We   conducted
                               assumptions       ourare
                                              used    audit in accordance with Australian Auditing
                                                         appropriate.                                        Standards.
                                                                                                    the rehabilitation     Our
                                                                                                                        cost    responsibilities
                                                                                                                             estimates   as a resultunder
                                                                                                                                                     of
                             Accounting      Professional    and   Ethical Standards     Board’s   APES
                             those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities      110   Code   of Ethics  for  Professional
                                                                                                    these changed for    the audit of the financial
                                                                                                                     conditions.
                             Accountants
                             report section    (including   Independence
                                                  of our report.             Standards) (the
                                                                   We are independent       of theCode) that
                                                                                                    Group     are relevantwith
                                                                                                           in accordance    to our
                                                                                                                                theaudit  of the
                                                                                                                                     auditor
                             financial
                               Due   to   report
                                        the  value in
                                                    ofAustralia.
                                                       the        We
                                                           provision  have
                                                                     relativealso
                                                                              to   fulfilled
                                                                                 total       our    Tested
                                                                                                • other     the mathematical
                                                                                                        ethical               accuracy
                                                                                                                 responsibilities in   of the
                                                                                                                                     accordance  with
                             independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001                   and the ethical
                                                                                                    rehabilitation     requirements
                                                                                                                   models and assessed of
                                                                                                                                        thethe
                             the  Code.
                               liabilities, and  the significant degree  of estimation   and
                             Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                                                                                               appropriateness of the assumed timing of
                               judgment
                             Accountants  used to determine the
                                             (including         rehabilitation
                                                        Independence     Standards) (the Code)      that are  relevant
                                                                                               cashflows,  inflation andto  our audit
                                                                                                                         discount rateof the
                             We   believe
                               provision,
                             financial     thatwas
                                          this
                                        report  the audit evidence
                                                   considered
                                                in Australia. Webe a
                                                              to    we   have
                                                                     keyalso
                                                                  have    auditobtained
                                                                              fulfilled       sufficient
                                                                                        ourisother       and
                                                                                                    ethical
                                                                                               assumptions.
                                                                                                               appropriate toinprovide
                                                                                                             responsibilities            a basis
                                                                                                                                 accordance   with
                             for  our
                               matter.
                             the Code.opinion.
                                                                                          •    Agreed payments made during the year in
                                                                                               connection with the management of WLP
                             Key   audit that
                             We believe    matters
                                                the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient        and
                                                                                               residues to     appropriate
                                                                                                            bank  statements.to provide a basis
                              for our opinion.                                       •   Assessed   the appropriateness   ofsignificance
                                                                                                                             the
                             Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional     judgment,    were of most                   in
                                                                                         classification of the rehabilitation provision as a
                             our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
                              Key audit matters                                          current and non-current liability at 30 June
                             our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming   our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
                                                                                         2024.
                             aKey
                                separate  opinion on these  matters. For the matter
                                   audit matters are those matters that, in our      below,
                                                                                 professionalour  description
                                                                                               judgment,    wereof of
                                                                                                                   how   oursignificance
                                                                                                                      most   audit addressed
                                                                                                                                           in
                                                                                     •   Assessed   the adequacy   of the disclosures relating
                             the  matter  is provided in that context.
                              our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
                                                                                                      to the Group’s provisions for restoration and
                             our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our                     opinion
                                                                                                          rehabilitation      thereon,
                                                                                                                           in the       butthe
                                                                                                                                  Notes to   we do  not provide
                                                                                                                                               financial
                             We   have fulfilled
                             a separate       opinion theonresponsibilities
                                                             these matters.described        in the below,
                                                                                For the matter       Auditor’s    responsibilities
                                                                                                          statements.
                                                                                                               our description of howfor the
                                                                                                                                           ouraudit
                                                                                                                                                auditofaddressed
                                                                                                                                                        the
                             financial     report    section   of our
                             the matter is provided in that context.   report,  including    in  relation   to  this  matter.    Accordingly,  our  audit
                             included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
                             material
                             We have misstatement
                                           fulfilled  the thanof the financial
                                                           responsibilities      report. The
                                                                              described     in andresults
                                                                                                the         of our
                                                                                                     Auditor’s       audit procedures,
                                                                                                                  responsibilities         including
                                                                                                                                      for the audit ofthe
                                                                                                                                                        the
                             Information
                             procedures          other
                                               performed      to   the financial
                                                                  address  the      report
                                                                                matter    below,      auditor’s
                                                                                                    provide     the report
                                                                                                                     basis  forthereon
                                                                                                                                 our audit  opinion  on the
                             financial report section of our report, including in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit
                             accompanying
                             included      the are financial report.
                                                performance        of for
                                                                     procedures     designed      to respond
                             The    directors          responsible        the other     information.      The tootherour  assessment of
                                                                                                                        information         the risks
                                                                                                                                       comprises   theof
                             information included in of
                             material      misstatement        thethe financial report.
                                                                    Company’s               The results
                                                                                  2024 annual       reportofother
                                                                                                                our audit
                                                                                                                       than procedures,
                                                                                                                             the financialincluding
                                                                                                                                            report and the
                                                                                                                                                         our
                             procedures
                             auditor’s         performed
                                            report   thereon. to We
                                                                  address  the the
                                                                     obtained   matter     below, report
                                                                                      directors’    providethat the isbasis
                                                                                                                        to befor our audit
                                                                                                                               included     opinion
                                                                                                                                         in the      on the
                                                                                                                                                annual   report,
                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             accompanying
                             prior
                             Liabilityto  the by
                                       limited datefinancial
                                                      of this
                                                  a scheme
                                                                report.
                                                               auditor’s
                                                            approved underreport,   andStandards
                                                                           Professional   we expect      to obtain the remaining sections of the annual
                                                                                                   Legislation
                             report after the date of this auditor’s report.
                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                             59
                            A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                            Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                                                                                    changes in assumptions and calculations within
                              assumptions used are appropriate.                                     the rehabilitation cost estimates as a result of
                                                                                                    these changed conditions.
                              Due to the value of the provision relative to total              •    Tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                        Independent          Auditor’s
                           liabilities, and the             Report
                                                significant degree of estimation and                rehabilitation models and assessed the
                                                                                                    appropriateness of the assumed timing of
                              judgment used to determine the rehabilitation
                                                                                                    cashflows, inflation and discount rate
                              provision, this was considered to be a key audit                      assumptions.
                                                                  Ernst & Young                               Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                              matter.                             11 Mounts Bay Road                    Fax: +61 8made
                                                                                                                  9429 2436
                                                                                             • Agreed payments          during the year in
                                                                       Perth WA 6000 Australia          ey.com/au
                                                                                               connection
                                                                       GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                                                                                                           with the management of WLP
                                                                                                    residues to bank statements.
                                                                       Ernst & Young                     Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                                       11 Mounts Bay Road    • Assessed Fax:
                                                                                                          the +61
                                                                                                               appropriateness
                                                                                                                   8 9429 2436 of the
                                                                       Perth WA 6000 Australia classification  of the rehabilitation provision as a
                                                                                                         ey.com/au
                                                                       GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                                                                                               current and non-current liability at 30 June
                                                                                                    2024.
                                                                      Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures relating
                                                                                               •
                                                                      to the Group’s provisions for restoration and
                            Auditor’s independence declaration to the rehabilitation
                                                                      directorsinoftheLynas        Rare
                                                                                          Notes to the      Earths
                                                                                                        financial
                                                                      statements.
                            Limited
                            Independent
                            As  lead auditorother
                                                      auditor’s
                                                    for the    audit
                                                                        report
                                                                      of financial
                                                                                    to the
                                                                          the financial
                                                                                               members
                                                                                          report   of auditor’s
                                                                                                               of Lynas
                                                                                                       Lynas Rarereport
                                                                                                                              Rare Earths Limited 3
                                                                                                                    Earths thereon
                                                                                                                            Limited for the financial year
                            Information                    than     the                report   and
                            ended 30 June 2024, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
                            Report
                            The directors   on aretheresponsible
                                                         audit of for   thethefinancial       report The other information comprises the
                                                                                 other information.
                            a.     No contraventions
                            information        included in of   thethe  auditor 2024
                                                                     Company’s    independence       requirements
                                                                                            annual report    other of
                                                                                                                   thanthe  Corporations
                                                                                                                          the financial    Act and
                                                                                                                                        report  2001our in
                            Opinionrelation
                            auditor’s           to the
                                           report        audit; We obtained the directors’ report that is to be included in the annual report,
                                                     thereon.




For personal use only
                            prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and we expect to obtain the remaining sections of the annual
                            We
                            b.   have
                            report No      audited
                                         contraventions
                                       after   the   date   financial
                                                      the of of    any
                                                                this    report   of
                                                                        applicable
                                                                     auditor’s       Lynas
                                                                                      code of
                                                                                  report.    Rare Earths
                                                                                                professionalLimited
                                                                                                               conduct     Company)toand
                                                                                                                     (thein relation    theits subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                            audit;   and
                            (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30
                            Juneopinion
                            Our
                            c.     No2024,     on
                                               thetheservices
                                         non-audit       financialprovided
                                                     consolidated     report   does
                                                                       statementthat of    coverorthe
                                                                                      notprofit
                                                                                      contravene    loss
                                                                                                     anyother
                                                                                                          and information
                                                                                                              other code of
                                                                                                          applicable         and we doincome,
                                                                                                                     comprehensive      not and
                                                                                                                               professional       will not
                                                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                                                             conduct     in
                            express
                            consolidated any   form    of
                                                 statement
                                   relation to the         assurance      conclusion    thereon,   with   the exception   of the Remuneration
                                                         audit.of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for               Report
                                                                                                                                                      the year
                            and
                            then
                            A     our
                              member     related
                                    ended,
                                         firm       assurance
                                              ofnotes
                                                 Ernst &to          opinion.
                                                            the Global
                                                          Young   financial   statements, including material accounting policy information, the
                                                                        Limited
                            Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                            consolidated
                            This   declaration   entity
                                                     is indisclosure     statement
                                                            respect of Lynas       Rareand  the directors’
                                                                                          Earths             declaration.
                                                                                                  Limited and the    entities it controlled during the
                            In connection
                            financial     year.with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                            and,
                            In ourin doing
                                      opinion,so,  theconsider     whether the
                                                        accompanying                other
                                                                             financial     information
                                                                                         report  of the is   materially
                                                                                                          Group is       inconsistent
                                                                                                                   in accordance       with
                                                                                                                                    with thethe   financial
                                                                                                                                              Corporations
                            report
                            Act   2001,or our    knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                                             including:

                            If, based
                            a.         onathe
                                  Giving      work
                                           true andwefairhave  performed on
                                                          view of the          the other
                                                                       consolidated       information
                                                                                      financial        obtained
                                                                                                position of      prior to
                                                                                                            the Group     the30
                                                                                                                       as at  date of this
                                                                                                                                June  2024
                            auditor’s  report, we
                                  and of its      conclude
                                             consolidated      that there is
                                                            financial        a material
                                                                      performance        misstatement
                                                                                     for the year endedofonthis other
                                                                                                             that     information, we are
                                                                                                                  date; and
                            required
                            Ernst  & to  report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
                                     Young
                            b. Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                            Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                            Basis for opinion
                            The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:
                            We
                            T S conducted
                                Hammond our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                            those
                            ►    The  financialare
                                  standards
                            Partner              report (other
                                                   further     than the
                                                            described    consolidated
                                                                      in the Auditor’s entity   disclosurefor the
                                                                                        responsibilities   statement)   that
                                                                                                                  audit of   gives
                                                                                                                           the     a true
                                                                                                                               financial
                                 and
                            report
                            28        fair
                                   section
                                August     view
                                        2024 of in accordance
                                                our report.     with Australian
                                                             We are               Accounting
                                                                    independent of the         Standards
                                                                                          Group in         and the
                                                                                                     accordance     Corporations
                                                                                                                  with the auditorAct
                                 2001; andrequirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                            independence
                            Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                                 The consolidated
                            Accountants
                            ►              (includingentity disclosureStandards)
                                                      Independence     statement(thethat is truethat
                                                                                        Code)     andare
                                                                                                      correct  in to
                                                                                                         relevantaccordance
                                                                                                                     our auditwith  the
                                                                                                                                of the
                                 Corporations
                            financial report in Act  2001; We
                                                 Australia.  andhave also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
                            the Code.
                            for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:
                            We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                                 Theopinion.
                            for our
                            ►         financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                                 and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                            Key audit matters
                            ►      The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
                           Key audit
                                   whether matters
                                                due to are those
                                                         fraud      matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
                                                                 or error.
                           our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
                           our   audit of the
                           In preparing       the financial
                                                     financial report
                                                                report,asthe a whole,
                                                                               directorsandare
                                                                                             in forming
                                                                                                responsible our for
                                                                                                                  opinion   thereon,
                                                                                                                     assessing    the but   we do
                                                                                                                                      Group’s      not provide
                                                                                                                                                ability to
                           a  separate
                           continue         opinion
                                          as a  goingon    these matters.
                                                         concern,              Foras
                                                                     disclosing,     the   matter below,
                                                                                        applicable,   matters ourrelating
                                                                                                                   description
                                                                                                                            to of   how
                                                                                                                                going     our audit
                                                                                                                                      concern        addressed
                                                                                                                                                and using   the
                           the
                           going matter
                                     concernis basis
                                               provided  of in that
                                                            accountingcontext.
                                                                            unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                           operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
                           We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                           financial
                           Auditor’s     report section
                                            responsibilities of ourfor report,  including
                                                                          the audit     of in
                                                                                            therelation
                                                                                                 financial to this  matter. Accordingly, our audit
                                                                                                                report
                           included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
                           Our    objectives
                           material               are to of
                                         misstatement     obtain   reasonablereport.
                                                                the financial      assuranceThe about
                                                                                                results ofwhether    the financial
                                                                                                               our audit             report as
                                                                                                                           procedures,          a whole
                                                                                                                                          including  the is
                           free    from material
                           procedures                   misstatement,
                                             performed to       address thewhether
                                                                                matterdue to   fraud
                                                                                           below,      or error,
                                                                                                   provide     the and
                                                                                                                    basistofor
                                                                                                                             issue
                                                                                                                               our an  auditor’s
                                                                                                                                    audit         report
                                                                                                                                           opinion on  thethat
                           A member firm
                           includes      ourofopinion.
                                                Ernst & Young  Global Limited
                                                          Reasonable       assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
                           accompanying           financial   report.
                           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                           audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                           misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered                                material
                        60                                                                                                                   www.LynasRareEarths.com
                           if, individually
                           A member              or in& the
                                        firm of Ernst   Youngaggregate,
                                                               Global Limitedthey could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                           decisions
                           Liability       ofby a
                                     limited  users    taken
                                                   scheme      on the
                                                          approved      basis of
                                                                    under          thisStandards
                                                                           Professional  financialLegislation
                                                                                                    report.
                            ►     The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                                  and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act
                                  2001; and

                            ►     The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
                                  Corporations Act 2001; and
                                                                        Ernst & Young                             Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                            for such internal control as the 11
                                                            directors determine
                                                                 Mounts Bay Road is necessary to enable
                                                                                               Fax: +61   the 2436
                                                                                                        8 9429 preparation of:
                                                                        Perth WA 6000 Australia                   ey.com/au
                                                                        GPO Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                            ►     The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                                  and fair view and is free fromErnst & Young
                                                                 material                       Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                                            misstatement, whether
                                                                11 Mounts Bay Road
                                                                                                   due to fraud or error; and
                                                                                                Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                                                                        Perth WA 6000 Australia                   ey.com/au
                            ►     The consolidated entity disclosure statement
                                                               GPO Box M939 Perththat
                                                                                  WA is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
                                                                                      6843
                                  whether due to fraud or error.

                            In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                            Independent
                            continue          auditor’s
                                     as a going  concern, report
                                                           disclosing,to
                                                                       as the  members
                                                                          applicable, mattersofrelating
                                                                                                 Lynas    Rare concern
                                                                                                        to going Earthsand
                                                                                                                         Limited
                                                                                                                             using the
                            going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                            operations,
                            Report onorthe haveaudit
                                                 no realistic
                                                        of thealternative but to
                                                                  financial      do so.
                                                                               report
                             Independent auditor’s report to the members of Lynas Rare Earths Limited
                            Auditor’s
                            Opinion responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                                                                                                                                                       4
                            Report
                            Our         on the
                                  objectives       audit
                                              are to  obtainof  the financial
                                                              reasonable    assurancereport
                                                                                          about whether the financial report as a whole is
                            We   have  audited  the  financial  report   of Lynas   Rare   Earths  Limited   (the Company)      and
                            free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that     its subsidiaries
                            (collectively
                            Opinionour the
                            includes           Group),
                                           opinion.       which comprises
                                                      Reasonable    assurance theisconsolidated
                                                                                    a high level ofstatement
                                                                                                     assurance, of financial
                                                                                                                    but is notposition     as at that
                                                                                                                                 a guarantee     30 an




For personal use only
                            June   2024,   the consolidated    statement     of profit or  loss and  other   comprehensive
                            audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material   income,    the
                            consolidated
                            We have
                            misstatement    statement
                                       audited
                                             when        of changes
                                                theitfinancial
                                                       exists.  report    equity
                                                                       inof
                                                               MisstatementsLynas and
                                                                                 canRare
                                                                                       arise consolidated
                                                                                        theEarths  Limitedor
                                                                                              from fraud    statement
                                                                                                             (the Company)
                                                                                                               error and     cash
                                                                                                                          ofare  andflows       the year
                                                                                                                                            formaterial
                                                                                                                                      its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                considered
                            then   ended,
                            (collectively
                            if,            notes
                                           the
                                individually      to  the
                                                Group),
                                             or in        financial
                                                    the which        statements,
                                                                 comprises
                                                        aggregate,                  including
                                                                              the reasonably
                                                                      they could                 material
                                                                                   consolidatedbestatement accounting
                                                                                                     expected of          policy
                                                                                                                 to financial     information,
                                                                                                                                position as
                                                                                                                     influence the    economic    the
                                                                                                                                              at 30
                            consolidated
                            June   2024,
                            decisions       entity
                                        of the      disclosure
                                               consolidated
                                           users taken          statement
                                                               statement
                                                          on the basis   of ofand  the
                                                                            thisprofit  directors’
                                                                                        or oss
                                                                                 financial          declaration.
                                                                                                 and other comprehensive income, the
                                                                                             report.
                            consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
                            In
                            As
                            thenour opinion,
                                 part
                                   ended,     the to
                                            audit
                                      of annotes  accompanying
                                                   in the
                                                      accordance    financial
                                                           financialwith  the
                                                                     statements,report
                                                                               Australianof the
                                                                                    including    Group
                                                                                             Auditing   is in accordance
                                                                                                       Standards,
                                                                                                 material  accounting we policy
                                                                                                                          exercise  the  Corporations
                                                                                                                              withinformation,
                                                                                                                                     professional  the
                            Act   2001,
                            judgment
                            consolidated including:
                                        andentity
                                             maintain   professional
                                                    disclosure          scepticism
                                                                statement     and thethroughout
                                                                                        directors’ the  audit. We also:
                                                                                                    declaration.
                            a.
                            In our
                            ►    Giving   true
                                        a and
                                 Identify
                                   opinion, theand fair
                                              assess theview
                                                accompanying  ofof
                                                          risks the  consolidated
                                                                    material
                                                                 financial         financial
                                                                             misstatement
                                                                           report of         position
                                                                                            of
                                                                                     the Group the  financial
                                                                                                is in          Group
                                                                                                        of the report,
                                                                                                       accordance     as at 30 June
                                                                                                                       whether
                                                                                                                    with the    due  2024
                                                                                                                                    to
                                                                                                                             Corporations
                                   and
                                   fraud
                            Act 2001,     oforitserror,
                                                   consolidated
                                             including:    design andfinancial   performance
                                                                          perform audit           for the year
                                                                                            procedures            ended to
                                                                                                           responsive     onthose
                                                                                                                               that date;
                                                                                                                                     risks,and
                                                                                                                                             and obtain audit
                                   evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
                            b.
                            a. Complying
                                   detecting
                                    Giving    a atruewith
                                                        and Australian
                                                      materialfair view   Accounting
                                                                  misstatement           Standards
                                                                          of the resulting
                                                                                  consolidated  from   and
                                                                                                       fraud
                                                                                                   financialtheis Corporations
                                                                                                                  higherofthan
                                                                                                               position           Regulations
                                                                                                                             the for  oneas at
                                                                                                                                  Group           2001.
                                                                                                                                           resulting
                                                                                                                                                  30    from2024
                                                                                                                                                       June
                                   error,
                            A memberand    ofas
                                         firm itsfraud
                                              of Ernst  &  may involve
                                                          Young
                                                   consolidated  Global    collusion,
                                                                        Limited
                                                                     financial                     intentional
                                                                                        forgery,for the
                                                                                 performance                      omissions,
                                                                                                           year ended           misrepresentations,
                                                                                                                          on that date;    and             or the
                            Basis
                            Liability  for   opinion
                                      limited by a
                                   override
                                                    scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                 of internal control.
                            b. Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                            We Obtain
                            ►    conducted     an our audit
                                                   understandingin  accordance
                                                                        of internalwith  Australian
                                                                                      control           Auditing
                                                                                                relevant to        Standards.
                                                                                                               the audit  in orderOurto design
                                                                                                                                       responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                   audit under
                            thoseprocedures
                                      standards that  are further
                                                            are       describedininthe
                                                                 appropriate          thecircumstances,
                                                                                           Auditor’s responsibilities
                                                                                                              but  not for for
                                                                                                                            the the audit of
                                                                                                                                 purpose    of the   financialan
                                                                                                                                                expressing
                            Basis for opinion
                            report     section     of  our  report.    We  are  independent
                                   opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control. of the   Group   in accordance     with  the  auditor
                            independence
                            We conducted requirements                 of the Corporations
                                                   our audit in accordance                      Act 2001
                                                                                   with Australian           and the
                                                                                                        Auditing       ethical requirements
                                                                                                                   Standards.                      of the under
                                                                                                                                  Our responsibilities
                            Accounting
                            thoseEvaluate
                            ►         standardsProfessional
                                                  theare further and
                                                        appropriatenessEthical
                                                                      described Standards
                                                                                 accounting
                                                                              of in the        Board’s   APES
                                                                                                policies used
                                                                                           Auditor’s             110  Code    of
                                                                                                                  and the for the
                                                                                                        responsibilities         Ethics  for
                                                                                                                            reasonableness    Professional
                                                                                                                                    audit of the of financial
                                                                                                                                                    accounting
                            Accountants
                            report estimates
                                        section (including
                                                   and
                                                   of  our     Independence
                                                          related
                                                             report.       are Standards)
                                                                    disclosures
                                                                       We          made
                                                                                independentby the(the  Code)
                                                                                                    directors.
                                                                                                 of the   Groupthat  are relevantwith
                                                                                                                  in accordance           theaudit
                                                                                                                                     to our           of the
                                                                                                                                                auditor
                            financial      report    in Australia.    We   have   also  fulfilled our  other   ethical
                            independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the  responsibilities    in accordance      with
                            the   Code.
                                   Conclude        on  the   appropriateness       of the  directors’    use of  the going
                            Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                            ►                                                                                                 concern   basis   of  accounting
                                 and, based on
                            Accountants           the audit
                                          (including        evidence obtained,
                                                      Independence                whether
                                                                     Standards) (the       a that
                                                                                        Code)material  uncertainty
                                                                                                    are relevant     existsaudit
                                                                                                                  to our    related   to
                                                                                                                                 of the
                            We  believe
                                 events
                            financial   that
                                         or the
                                      report  in   audit evidence
                                            conditions
                                                 Australia.   may
                                                         thatWe   we
                                                                  cast
                                                                have  have obtained
                                                                       significant
                                                                     also fulfilled doubtsufficient
                                                                                      isother
                                                                                    our    on the   and                   provide
                                                                                                            ability to toin
                                                                                                         appropriate
                                                                                                   Group’s
                                                                                               ethical responsibilitiescontinue   asa abasis
                                                                                                                            accordance  going
                                                                                                                                          with
                            for
                            the our opinion.
                                 concern.
                                Code.      If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
                                  our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are
                            Key  audit that
                                       matters
                                inadequate,
                            We believe       to audit
                                            the modify our opinion.
                                                      evidence      Our obtained
                                                               we have  conclusions
                                                                                 is are basedand
                                                                                   sufficient on the audit to
                                                                                                          evidence
                                                                                                 appropriate       obtained
                                                                                                               provide a     up
                                                                                                                         basis
                              for ourto the    date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
                                          opinion.
                             Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
                                     cease to continue as a going concern.
                             our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
                              Key audit matters
                             our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
                             ►       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                             aKey
                                separate
                                     audit     opinionare
                                             matters      on these matters.       For the  matter    below, our    description   of of
                                                                                                                                    how   oursignificance
                                                                                                                                              audit addressed
                                     disclosures,      and those      matters
                                                            whether the          that,
                                                                              financialinreport
                                                                                           our  professional
                                                                                                  represents thejudgment,    were
                                                                                                                      underlying       most
                                                                                                                                  transactions    and eventsin
                             the   matter
                              our inaudit      is provided    in  that  context.
                                          a of   the that
                                            manner    financial   reportfair
                                                             achieves      of the  current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
                                                                               presentation.
                              our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
                             We    have fulfilled      theonresponsibilities     described   in the below,
                                                                                                      Auditor’s
                                                                                                              ourresponsibilities   for the  audit
                                                                                                                                              auditof  the
                             ► separate
                              a      Obtainopinion
                                                sufficient   these    matters.
                                                             appropriate          For the
                                                                              audit        matter
                                                                                    evidence     regarding the     description of
                                                                                                                   financial        how
                                                                                                                             information  our
                                                                                                                                            of the   addressed
                                                                                                                                                    entities or
                             financial
                              the matter    report   section
                                               is provided      of  our  report,  including   in  relation to  this  matter.   Accordingly,   our  audit
                                     business      activitiesin   that the
                                                               within   context.
                                                                              Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
                             included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
                                     responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
                             material
                              We have       misstatement
                                                       theourofaudit
                                            fulfilled for          the financial
                                                            responsibilities       report. The
                                                                                 described   in theresults of our
                                                                                                      Auditor’s      audit procedures,
                                                                                                                  responsibilities        including
                                                                                                                                     for the audit ofthe
                                                                                                                                                       the
                                     responsible                        opinion.
                             procedures         performed      to  address    the matter    below,   provide   the  basis  for our
                              financial report section of our report, including in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit  audit  opinion  on the
                             accompanying
                              included              financial report.
                                            the performance
                             We    communicate          with the of    procedures
                                                                    directors         designed
                                                                                regarding,   among to other
                                                                                                      respond to    our the
                                                                                                              matters,   assessment
                                                                                                                               plannedofscope
                                                                                                                                           the risks
                                                                                                                                                and of
                                                                                                                                                     timing of
                             the audit and significantofaudit
                              material      misstatement           the financial
                                                                         findings,report.
                                                                                    includingTheanyresults of our deficiencies
                                                                                                      significant    audit procedures,    including
                                                                                                                                  in internal        thethat we
                                                                                                                                               control
                              procedures
                             identify           performed
                                           during our          to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
                                                          audit.
                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                              accompanying          financial   report.
                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                             We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                        Lynasrequirements
                               Rare Earths Limited regarding     independence,
                                                        | 2024 Annual   Report      and to communicate with them all relationships and other                          61
                             matters
                              A member firmthatofmay    reasonably
                                                  Ernst & Young   Globalbe  thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
                                                                        Limited
                              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                             taken     to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
                                   estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                             Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                             ►
                             and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
                        Independent    Auditor’sthat
                             events or conditions    Report
                                                       may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
                             concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
                             our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are
                                                           Ernst & Young                      Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                             inadequate, to modify our opinion.
                                                           11 MountsOur
                                                                      Bayconclusions
                                                                          Road        are based on+61
                                                                                              Fax:   the  audit2436
                                                                                                       8 9429   evidence obtained up
                             to the date of our auditor’s Perth
                                                          report.WA 6000
                                                                   However,    future events or
                                                                            Australia           conditions may cause the Group to
                                                                                              ey.com/au
                             cease to continue as a going GPO
                                                           concern.
                                                                Box M939 Perth WA 6843
                                                                         Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 8 9429 2222
                                                                11 Mounts Bay Road                 Fax: +61 8 9429 2436
                             ►     Evaluate the overall presentation,  structure and content of the
                                                                Perth WA 6000 Australia
                                                                                                       financial report, including the
                                                                                                   ey.com/au
                                   disclosures, and whether the GPO
                                                                 financial report
                                                                     Box M939       represents
                                                                               Perth WA 6843   the underlying transactions and events
                                   in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                             ►  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                                businessindependence
                             Auditor’s   activities within thedeclaration
                                                               Group to express
                                                                             to an
                                                                                theopinion on the financial
                                                                                     directors    of Lynas  report.
                                                                                                               Rare WeEarths
                                                                                                                      are
                                responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
                             Limited
                                responsible for our audit opinion.

                             Independent
                             We
                             As  communicate
                                lead
                                                 auditor’s
                                      auditor forwith
                                                    the the
                                                         audit
                                                                  report to
                                                             directors
                                                                of the financial
                                                                                  the
                                                                          regarding,
                                                                                   report
                                                                                         members
                                                                                       among             of
                                                                                                 other Rare
                                                                                             of Lynas
                                                                                                             Lynas
                                                                                                        matters,        Rare
                                                                                                                  theLimited
                                                                                                              Earths
                                                                                                                                Earths
                                                                                                                        plannedforscope  andLimited
                                                                                                                                              timing
                                                                                                                                    the financial     of
                                                                                                                                                   year 5
                             the audit  and  significant   audit  findings,   including   any   significant deficiencies
                             ended 30 June 2024, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:        in internal  control  that  we
                             Reportduring
                             identify    on the     audit of the financial report
                                               our audit.
                             a. No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                             We  also
                             Opinion   provide
                                  relation      theaudit;
                                            to the   directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical




For personal use only
                             requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
                             b.  havethat
                             matters
                             We No          maythe
                                        audited   reasonably
                                      contraventions     of anybe
                                                      financial      thought
                                                                  report        to bear
                                                                           of Lynas
                                                                  applicable    code  Rare
                                                                                      of      our independence,
                                                                                          on Earths
                                                                                          professionalLimited  (theinand
                                                                                                         conduct                  applicable,
                                                                                                                          wheretoand
                                                                                                                     Company)
                                                                                                                      relation     theits      actions
                                                                                                                                           subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                        audit; and
                             taken  to eliminate   threats   or safeguards      applied.
                             (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30
                             JuneNo
                             c.    2024,   the services
                                      non-audit consolidated     statement
                                                             provided     that of profit
                                                                                contraveneor loss
                                                                                              any and   other code of
                                                                                                   applicable  comprehensive      income,
                                                                                                                          professional      the in
                                                                                                                                         conduct
                             Fromrelation
                                    the matters
                             consolidated         communicated
                                            statement
                                            to the  audit.of changes  tointhe  directors,
                                                                            equity  and the weconsolidated
                                                                                                determine those     matters
                                                                                                               statement    ofthat
                                                                                                                               cashwere
                                                                                                                                     flowsoffor
                                                                                                                                             most
                                                                                                                                                the year
                             significance
                             then  ended, in  the to
                                           notes   audit
                                                       theof the   financial
                                                           financial           report of the
                                                                       statements,     includingcurrent  year and
                                                                                                   material         are therefore
                                                                                                             accounting     policy the    key audit
                                                                                                                                   information,   the
                             matters.   We entity
                             consolidated
                             This           describe
                                  declaration   is in these
                                                     disclosurematters
                                                      respect of          in our
                                                                  statement
                                                                    Lynas    Rare auditor’s
                                                                                 and the
                                                                                   Earths  directors’  unless
                                                                                              report and
                                                                                            Limited           law
                                                                                                       declaration.
                                                                                                           the         regulation
                                                                                                                   or it
                                                                                                                entities           precludes
                                                                                                                            controlled          public
                                                                                                                                        during the
                             disclosure
                             financial   about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                                        year.
                             should  not  be communicated
                             In our opinion,  the accompanying   in our  report because
                                                                       financial  report ofthe theadverse
                                                                                                   Group isconsequences
                                                                                                             in accordanceofwith doing
                                                                                                                                     thesoCorporations
                                                                                                                                            would
                             reasonably   be  expected
                             Act 2001, including:         to outweigh      the  public  interest  benefits  of  such  communication.

                             Report
                             a.     Givingon       theand
                                               a true    audit
                                                             fair of  thethe consolidated
                                                                 view of     Remuneration              Report
                                                                                                 financial    position of the Group as at 30 June 2024
                                    and    of  its  consolidated   financial
                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited     performance      for the   year  ended on that date; and
                             Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                             Ernst
                             Liability&  Young
                                       limited  by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                             b. Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                             We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 32 to 53 of the directors’ report for the
                             Basisended
                             year       for 30
                                             opinion June 2024

                             We
                             In
                             T   conducted
                               Sour opinion, our
                                 Hammond      the audit in accordance
                                                  Remuneration   Report with Australian
                                                                          of Lynas     RareAuditing Standards.
                                                                                            Earths Limited        Ouryear ended
                                                                                                             for the   responsibilities under
                                                                                                                                   30 June
                             those
                             2024,
                             Partnerstandards
                                     complies are
                                               with further described
                                                     section 300A      in the
                                                                   of the      Auditor’s Act
                                                                           Corporations    responsibilities
                                                                                                2001.       for the audit of the financial
                             report
                             28      section
                                 August  2024of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
                             independence
                             Responsibilitiesrequirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                             Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                             The  directors of
                             Accountants        the Company
                                           (including         are responsible
                                                       Independence   Standards) for (the
                                                                                      the Code)
                                                                                          preparation  andrelevant
                                                                                                 that are   presentation
                                                                                                                     to ourof  the of the
                                                                                                                             audit
                             Remuneration
                             financial       Report in
                                       report in         accordance
                                                  Australia. We havewith
                                                                      alsosection    300A of
                                                                            fulfilled our      thethical
                                                                                           other   Corporations   Act 2001.
                                                                                                         responsibilities  in Our
                                                                                                                              accordance with
                             responsibility
                             the Code.      is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
                             accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.
                             We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                             for our opinion.

                             Key audit matters
                             Key
                             Ernst &audit   matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
                                          Young
                             our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
                             our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide
                             a separate opinion on these matters. For the matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
                             the matter is provided in that context.
                             T S Hammond
                             We   have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                             Partner
                             financial report section of our report, including in relation to this matter. Accordingly, our audit
                             Perth
                             included
                             28   August   the  performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
                                              2024
                             material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
                             procedures performed to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             accompanying financial report.
                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation


                        62                                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        Financial Statements
                        as at 30 June 2023


                        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Comprehensive Income                                       64

                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                                             65




For personal use only
                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                             66

                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                                     67



                        Notes to the Financial Statements                68   D.     Other assets and liabilities                91
                                                                              D.1.   Trade and other receivables                 91
                        About this report                                68
                                                                              D.2. Inventories                                   91
                        Basis of preparation                             68   D.3. Other non-current assets                     93
                        A.     Earnings for the year                     70   D.4. Trade and other payables                     94
                        A.1.   Segment revenue and expenses              70   D.5. Provisions and Employee benefits             94
                        A.2    Financial income and expenses             73   E.     Other items                                97
                        A.3. Earnings per share                          74   E.1.   Contingent liabilities                     97
                        A.4. Income taxes                                75   E.2.   Leases and other commitments               97
                        B.     Production and exploration assets         78   E.3.   Auditor remuneration                       99
                        B.1.   Property, plant and equipment                  E.4. Subsidiaries                                 99
                               and mine development                      78   E.5.   Parent entity Information                  100
                        B.2. Impairment of non-current assets            82   E.6.   Entities under a Deed of Cross Guarantee   100
                                                                              E.7.   Employee costs and share based payments    102
                        C.     Cash, Borrowings and Capital              84
                                                                              E.8. Other items                                  106
                        C.1.   Cash and cash equivalents                 84
                                                                              E.9.   Subsequent events                          107
                        C.2. Interest Bearing Liabilities                85
                        C.3.   Financing facilities                      87
                        C.4. Contributed equity                          88
                        C.5.   Reserves                                  88




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                           63
                        Financial Statements


                        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                        and Comprehensive Income
                        For the year ended 30 June




                        In A$’000                                                                           Note                 2024             2023

                        Revenue                                                                               A.1             463,285          739,279
                        Cost of sales                                                                         A.1             (330,586)       (399,888)

                        Gross profit                                                                                          132,699          339,391




For personal use only
                        General and administration expenses                                                   A.1              (61,445)         (54,249)
                        Net foreign exchange gain                                                                                4,988           32,183
                        Other expenses                                                                                          (1,008)           (1,821)

                        Profit from operating activities                                                                       75,234          315,504

                        Financial income                                                                     A.2               39,846            36,355
                        Financial expenses                                                                   A.2                (9,580)          (4,024)

                        Net financial income                                                                                   30,266            32,331

                        Profit before income tax                                                                              105,500          347,835

                        Income tax (expense) / benefit                                                       A.4               (20,986)         (37,169)

                        Profit for the year                                                                                    84,514          310,666


                        Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year net of income tax
                        that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                              (12,268)         (31,577)

                        Total other comprehensive (loss) / income for the year, net of
                        income tax                                                                                             (12,268)         (31,577)

                        Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to equity
                        holders of the Company                                                                                 72,246          279,089




                                                                                                                             cents per        cents per
                                                                                                            Note                share            share


                        Earnings per share
                        Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                           A.3                  9.04           34.05
                        Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                         A.3                   9.01           33.92




                        The Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the
                        notes to the financial statements.




                        64                                                                                                        www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Consolidated Statement
                        of Financial Position
                        as at 30 June




                        In A$’000                                                                               Note                  2024                2023

                        Assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                C.1               523,838             1,011,212
                        Trade and other receivables                                                              D.1                49,650               59,574
                        Tax receivable                                                                                               7,025                     –
                        Prepayments                                                                                                  6,195                3,899
                        Inventories                                                                              D.2               120,576               111,893




For personal use only
                        Total current assets                                                                                      707,284            1,186,578

                        Inventories                                                                              D.2                  11,169             12,882
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                            B.1              1,920,179           1,294,511
                        Deferred development expenditure                                                         B.1                 73,984             49,693
                        Intangible assets                                                                                              1,267               1,401
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                      A.4                  5,889               8,959
                        Other non-current assets                                                                 D.3                 85,149              84,651

                        Total non-current assets                                                                                2,097,637            1,452,097

                        Total assets                                                                                            2,804,921            2,638,675

                        Liabilities
                        Interest payable                                                                                                 –                265
                        Trade and other payables                                                                 D.4                92,356             82,004
                        Borrowings                                                                               C.2                28,544             10,004
                        Current tax liability                                                                                            –             25,846
                        Employee benefits                                                                        D.5                 6,033              5,084
                        Provisions                                                                               D.5                37,462             37,264
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                            4,952               4,514

                        Total current liabilities                                                                                 169,347              164,981

                        Borrowings                                                                               C.2               143,294             167,375
                        Employee benefits                                                                        D.5                   468                1,414
                        Provisions                                                                               D.5                241,819            133,039
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                             7,188              8,462

                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                             392,769             310,290

                        Total liabilities                                                                                          562,116             475,271

                        Net assets                                                                                              2,242,805            2,163,404

                        Equity
                        Share capital                                                                            C.4             2,091,089           2,091,089
                        Retained earnings                                                                                          220,410             135,896
                        Reserves                                                                                 C.5               (68,694)             (63,581)

                        Total equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company                                          2,242,805            2,163,404




                        The Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                         65
                        Financial Statements


                        Consolidated Statement
                        of Changes in Equity
                        For the year ended 30 June




                                                                                                                                                              Equity settled employee
                                                                                                                                        Foreign currency


                                                                                                              Retained earnings                               benefits reserve               Warrant reserve
                                                                                       Share capital                                    translation reserve
                                                                            Note                                                                                                                                       Total




For personal use only
                         In A$’000

                         Balance at 1 July 2023                                    2,091,089               135,896                     (151,147)              65,801                        21,765                 2,163,404
                                                                                                       –                          –    (12,279)                                     –                          –     (12,279)
                         Other comprehensive loss for the year
                         Total profit for the year                                                     –    84,514                                        –                         –                          –     84,514

                         Total comprehensive profit                                                    –    84,514                     (12,279)                                     –                          –     72,235
                         for the year

                         Employee remuneration settled
                         through share-based payments                      E.7                         –                          –                       –         7,166                                      –       7,166

                         Balance at 30 June 2024                                   2,091,089               220,410                    (163,426)               72,967                        21,765                 2,242,805




                         Balance at 1 July 2022                                    1,859,598               (174,770)                   (119,570)              58,591                        21,765                 1,645,614
                         Other comprehensive gain for the year                                         –                          –     (31,577)                                    –                          –     (31,577)
                         Total profit for the year                                                     –   310,666                                        –                         –                          –     310,666

                         Total comprehensive profit                                                    –   310,666                     (31,577)                                     –                          –    279,089
                         for the year

                         Issue of shares                                   C.4       231,491                                      –                       –                         –                          –     231,491
                         Employee remuneration settled
                         through share-based payments                      E.7                         –                          –                       –        7,210                                       –       7,210

                         Balance at 30 June 2023                                   2,091,089               135,896                     (151,147)              65,801                        21,765                 2,163,404




                        The Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                        66                                                                                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Consolidated Statement
                        of Cash Flows
                        For the year ended 30 June




                        In A$’000                                                                              Note                 2024          2023

                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                                  460,843       820,837
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                     (340,036)      (397,170)
                        Payments for discharge of rehabilitation obligation                                     D.5               (26,917)      (6,209)
                        Royalties paid                                                                                              (8,158)     (16,095)




For personal use only
                        Income taxes paid                                                                                         (50,768)     (14,609)

                        Net cash from operating activities                                                      C.1               34,964      386,754

                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Payments for property, plant and equipment and development expenditure                                   (579,339)     (595,516)
                        Grants received in relation to property, plant and equipment                                               32,575       15,378
                        Security bonds paid                                                                                            (97)      (1,180)
                        Security bonds refunded                                                                                     1,889           122
                        Interest received                                                                                          40,148       31,358
                        Deposit as collateral for AELB                                                                             (2,394)      (4,664)
                        Redemption of term deposit                                                                                       –            –

                        Net cash used in investing activities                                                                   (507,218)     (554,502)

                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Interest and other financing costs paid                                                                    (6,376)      (6,244)
                        Proceeds from the issue of share capital                                                                         –     214,352
                        Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                             (5,734)        (3,151)
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                                   (10,428)       (5,955)

                        Net cash provided from / (used in) financing activities                                                  (22,538)     199,002

                        Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                  (494,792)       31,254
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                    1,011,212    965,584
                        Effect of exchange rate fluctuations (net) on cash held                                                      7,418      14,374

                        Closing cash and cash equivalents                                                       C.1              523,838      1,011,212




                        The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                 67
                        Financial Statements




                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024




                        ABOUT THIS REPORT
                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited (the “Company”) is a for-profit company domiciled and incorporated in Australia.

                        The financial report of Lynas Rare Earths Limited as at and for the year ended 30 June 2024 comprises the
                        Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”). The financial report was approved by the
                        Board of Directors (the “Directors”) on 28 August 2024.

                        The Group is principally engaged in the extraction and processing of rare earth minerals, primarily in Australia




For personal use only
                        and Malaysia.

                        The address of the registered office of the Company is Level 4, 1 Howard St, Perth, Western Australia.



                        BASIS OF PREPARATION
                        Statement of compliance
                        The financial report is a general purpose financial report and has been prepared in accordance with Australian
                        Accounting Standards (“AASs”) issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (“AASB”) and the Corporations
                        Act 2001.

                        The financial report also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards and Interpretations (“IFRS”) as
                        issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).

                        Going concern
                        The financial report has been prepared using the going concern assumption.

                        Basis of measurement
                        The financial report has been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for the borrowings which are at
                        amortised cost.

                        Information as disclosed in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
                        in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the current year is for the 12 month period ended 30 June 2024.
                        Information for the comparative year is for the 12 month period ended 30 June 2023.

                        Consolidation of subsidiaries
                        Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company or the Group. Control is achieved when the Company or Group
                        has power over the investee, is exposed, or has the rights to variable returns from its involvement with the investee;
                        and has the ability to use its power to affect its returns. In assessing control, potential voting rights that are presently
                        exercisable are taken into account. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the financial report from
                        the date control (or effective control) commences until the date that control ceases. As per Note E.4 all entities
                        within the Group are 100% owned and controlled.

                        Intra-group balances and unrealised items of income and expense arising from intra-group transactions are elim-
                        inated in preparing the financial report. Unrealised gains arising from transactions with associates are eliminated
                        against the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the
                        same manner as gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

                        Rounding of amounts
                        The Company is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191 issued by the Australian Securities and
                        Investments Commission, in relation to the “rounding off” of amounts. Amounts in the Directors’ Report and
                        Financial Report have been rounded off, in accordance with the Instrument, to the nearest thousand dollars,
                        unless otherwise stated.




                        68                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Currency and foreign exchange
                        The financial report of the Company and the Group is presented in Australian Dollars (“AUD”), which is both the
                        Company’s and the Group’s presentation currency.

                        Items included in the financial report of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
                        primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).

                        Foreign currency transactions
                        Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing on the
                        dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date
                        are translated to the functional currency of the respective entities at the exchange rate at that date. Non-monetary
                        assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated to the
                        functional currency of the respective entities at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
                        denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated to the functional currency of the
                        respective entities at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined.




For personal use only
                        Foreign currency differences arising on translation are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a
                        component of the profit or loss.

                        Foreign operations
                        The results and financial position of those entities that have a functional currency different from the presentation
                        currency of the Group are translated into the Group’s presentation currency as follows:
                           • assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the
                              reporting date of the statement of financial position;
                           • income and expense items for each profit or loss item are translated at average exchange rates;
                           • items of other comprehensive income are translated at average exchange rates; and
                           • all resulting exchange differences are recognised as a separate component of equity.
                        As at 30 June 2024, the entities that have a different functional currency to the Group’s presentation currency (AUD)
                        are Lynas Africa Limited (USD functional currency), Lynas USA LLC (USD functional currency) and Lynas Malaysia
                        Sdn Bhd (MYR functional currency).

                        Foreign exchange risk management
                        As a result of the Group’s international operations, foreign exchange risk exposures exist on purchases, assets and
                        borrowings that are denominated in foreign currencies (i.e. currencies other than the functional currency of each of
                        the Group’s operating entities). The currencies in which these transactions are primarily denominated are the AUD,
                        USD and MYR.

                        The Group takes advantage of natural offsets to the extent possible. Therefore, when commercially feasible, the
                        Group borrows in the same currencies in which cash flows from operations are generated. Generally the Group
                        does not use forward exchange contracts to hedge residual foreign exchange risk arising from receipts and
                        payments denominated in foreign currencies. However, when considered appropriate the Group may enter into
                        forward exchange contracts to hedge foreign exchange risk arising from specific transactions.

                        The Group’s primary exposure to foreign exchange risk is on the translation of net assets of Group entities which are
                        denominated in currencies other than AUD, which is the Group’s presentation currency. The impact of movements
                        in exchange rates is recognised primarily in the other comprehensive income component of the Group’s statement
                        of comprehensive income.

                        Certain subsidiaries within the Group are exposed to foreign exchange risk on purchases denominated in curren-
                        cies that are not the functional currency of that subsidiary. In these circumstances, a change in exchange rates
                        would impact the net operating profit recognised in the profit or loss component of the Group’s statement of
                        comprehensive income. Details of this exposure is detailed in the capital risks in Section C of this report.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                         69
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        BASIS OF PREPARATION continued

                        A. EARNINGS FOR THE YEAR
                        This section includes the results and performance of the Group. It includes segmental information and details
                        about the Group’s tax position.


                        A.1.     Segment revenue and expenses
                        AASB 8 Operating Segments (“AASB 8”) requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal
                        reports about components of the Group that are regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Makers
                        (CODM) in order to allocate resources to the segment and to assess its performance.

                        At year end, the Group’s CODM are the Board of Directors of the Company, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief
                        Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the VP Major Projects, the General Counsel & Company Secretary,




For personal use only
                        the VP Malaysia, the VP People & Culture and the VP Strategy and Investor Relations. Information reported to the
                        Group’s CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of performance currently focuses on the
                        operation of the Group’s integrated rare earth extraction and process facilities.

                        The Group has only one reportable segment under AASB 8 being its rare earth operations. The CODM does not
                        review the business activities of the Group based on geography.

                        All of the Group’s revenue is derived through the sale of Rare Earth products and is sold to non-Australian
                        customers.

                        The accounting policies applied by this segment are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Results from
                        operating activities represent the profit earned by this segment without allocation of interest income and expense
                        and income tax benefit (expense). The CODM assess the performance of the operating segment based on adjusted
                        EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net profit before income tax expense, net of financial expenses, deprecia-
                        tion and amortisation and adjusted to exclude certain significant items, including but not limited to such items as
                        employee remuneration settled through share-based payments, restructuring costs, unrealised gains or losses on
                        derivatives, gains or losses on the sale of non-strategic assets, asset impairments and write downs.

                        In July 2024 the IFRS IC published an agenda decision which discusses how an entity applies the requirements in
                        paragraph 23 of IFRS 8 Operating Segments. The group is currently analysing the potential impacts of this agenda
                        decision to its segment reporting.

                        23% (FY23: 34%) of the Group’s non-current assets are located in Malaysia and the remaining 77% (FY23: 66%) are in
                        Australia.




                        70                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Recognition and measurement
                        Revenue from contracts with customers
                        Rare Earth product sales

                        The Group derives revenue from the sale of rare earth products, which are governed by a sales contract with
                        their customers. Revenue is recognised in relation to rare earth sales at the time control transfers to customers
                        at the date of loading/shipment. Sales made under CIF incoterms, where the Group is responsible for freight and
                        shipping, are generally recognised at the point in time when the rare earth products are loaded onto the vessel for
                        shipment. In these sales, the freight and shipping service represents a separate performance obligation to the sale
                        of the rare earth products. For those sales not made under CIF incoterms, this timing is upon the delivery of the rare
                        earth products.

                        Provisionally priced sales

                        Certain of the Group’s sales are provisionally priced, where the final price depends on the sale price of products




For personal use only
                        sold to a third party outside of the Lynas transaction. Adjustments to the sales price occur based on movements in
                        market prices up to the secondary point of sale. Under AASB 15 any fair value adjustments on receivables subject
                        to Quotational Pricing (QP) are recognised in other revenue and not included in revenue from contracts with
                        customers.

                        Shipping services

                        As noted above, a portion of the Group’s rare earth product sales are sold on CIF incoterms, whereby the Group
                        is responsible for providing freight and shipping services after the date that it transfers control of the rare earth
                        products to the customer. Under AASB 15, it has been concluded that freight and shipping represent a separate
                        performance obligation and that the Group acts as principal. As a result, a portion of the transaction price is
                        required to be allocated to this performance obligation and will be recognised over time on a gross basis as the
                        services are provided. The Group has concluded that for the FY24 period the amount is insignificant and therefore
                        not disclosed separately in Note A.1.

                        Royalties
                        Obligations arising from royalty arrangements are recognised as current liabilities and included as part of the cost
                        of goods sold in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of profit or loss. Lynas currently pays
                        royalties to the Western Australian Department of Minerals and Petroleum for the export of Rare Earth concentrate
                        to Malaysia.

                        Financial income and expenses
                        Financial income comprises interest income and gains on derivative financial instruments in respect of investing
                        activities that are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss.
                        Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method.

                        Financial expenses comprise interest expense, impairment losses recognised on financial assets (except for trade
                        receivables) and losses in respect of financing activities on derivative instruments that are recognised in the
                        statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss. All borrowing costs not qualifying for
                        capitalisation are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss using
                        the effective interest method.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                          71
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        A.1 Segment revenue and expenses continued

                                                                               For the year ended 30 June 2024               For the year ended 30 June 2023

                                                                                                                 Total                                          Total
                                                                           Rare Earth       Corporate/     Continuing     Rare Earth      Corporate/      Continuing
                        In A$’000                                          Operations      Unallocated     Operations     Operations     Unallocated      Operations


                        Business segment reporting
                        Revenue from contracts with customers                464,446                 –      464,446          787,123               –         787,123
                        Other revenue:
                          Revenue adjustments                                    (1,161)             –          (1,161)      (47,844)              –         (47,844)

                        Total revenue                                        463,285                 –      463,285         739,279                –        739,279

                        Cost of sales (excl depreciation)                    (279,989)               –      (279,989)       (346,177)              –        (346,177)




For personal use only
                        Cost of sales (depreciation)                           (50,597)              –        (50,597)        (53,711)             –          (53,711)

                        Gross profit                                          132,699                –       132,699         339,391               –         339,391
                        Employee and production costs net of
                        costs recovered through production                     (13,914)         (11,556)     (25,470)         (9,495)         (9,577)         (19,072)
                        Depreciation expenses net of cost
                        recovered through production                            (4,630)          (1,671)       (6,301)         (6,412)        (2,058)         (8,470)
                        Other general and administration
                        expenses(1)                                            (12,527)         (17,147)     (29,674)         (13,177)       (13,530)        (26,707)

                        Total general and admin expenses                       (31,071)       (30,374)       (61,445)       (29,084)         (25,165)       (54,249)

                        Other (expenses)/income                                      –          (1,008)        (1,008)              –          (1,821)         (1,821)
                        Net foreign exchange gain                                    –          4,988          4,988                –         32,183          32,183

                        Profit / (loss) before interest and tax
                        (“EBIT”)                                              101,628         (26,394)        75,234        310,307            5,197        315,504
                        Other financial income                                                                39,846                                          36,355
                        Financial expenses                                                                     (9,580)                                        (4,024)

                        Profit before income tax                                                            105,500                                         347,835
                        Income tax (expense) / benefit                                                       (20,986)                                        (37,169)

                        Profit for the year                                                                   84,514                                        310,666


                        EBIT(2)                                                101,628         (26,394)       75,234         310,307           5,197         315,504
                        Depreciation and amortisation                           55,227            1,671       56,898          60,123          2,058            62,181

                        EBITDA(2)                                             156,855         (24,723)       132,132        370,430           7,255         377,685
                        Included in EBITDA:
                        Non-cash employee remuneration
                        settled through share based payments
                        comprising:
                          Share based payments expense
                          for the year                                           7,167               –          7,167           7,210              –            7,210
                        Other expenses / (income)                                    –           1,008         1,008                –          1,821            1,821

                        Adjusted EBITDA (3)                                   164,022          (23,715)     140,306         377,640           9,076         386,716

                        Total assets                                        1,306,725       1,498,196      2,804,921       1,072,134       1,566,541      2,638,675
                        Total liabilities                                    (391,594)       (170,522)       (562,116)     (264,544)        (210,727)       (475,271)


                        (1) Other general and administration expenses include statutory, consulting, insurance, IT, marketing and general office costs.
                        (2) EBIT, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non IFRS measures.




                        72                                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        A.2      Financial income and expenses

                                                                                            For the year ended 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                2024              2023

                        Interest income on cash and cash equivalents                            39,846            36,355

                        Total financial income                                                 39,846            36,355

                        Interest expense on financial liabilities:
                        Interest expense on JARE loan facility                                  (5,630)           (5,797)
                        Unwinding of effective interest on JARE loan facility                   (6,530)            (7,017)
                        Non-cash adjustment to financial liabilities                                 –             2,195




For personal use only
                        Interest capitalised to qualifying assets                                12,119           12,766
                        Unwinding of discount on restoration and rehabilitation provision       (8,459)           (5,318)
                        Interest expense on lease liabilities                                     (810)             (471)
                        Discount unwinding on AELB deposit                                         465               374
                        Financing transaction costs and fees                                      (735)             (756)

                        Total financial expenses                                                (9,580)          (4,024)

                        Net financial income                                                   30,266             32,331




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                   73
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        A.3.     Earnings per share
                        Recognition and measurement
                        Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing net loss or profit for the year attributable to ordinary
                        equity holders of the parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.

                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the amount used in the determination of the basic earnings per share to take
                        into account the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordi-
                        nary shares and the weighted average number of additional shares that would have been outstanding assuming
                        the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. Potential ordinary shares are treated as dilutive when, and
                        only when, their conversion to ordinary shares would decrease earnings per share from continuing operations.

                        The earnings and weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculations of basic and diluted
                        earnings per share are as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                       2024                 2023

                        Net earnings attributed to ordinary shareholders                                               84,514             310,666

                        Earnings used in calculating basic earnings per share                                          84,514             310,666

                        Net earnings impact of assumed conversions of diluted EPS                                           –                   –

                        Earnings used in calculating diluted earnings per share                                        84,514             310,666

                        Number of ordinary shares on issue (‘000)                                                    934,694              933,815

                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating basic
                        earnings per share (‘000)                                                                    934,374              912,350

                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating diluted
                        earnings per share (‘000)                                                                     937,993             915,853


                                                                                                                    cents per            cents per
                                                                                                                       share                share

                        Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                       9.04               34.05
                        Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                                     9.01               33.92


                        The following dilutive shares are included in the share base for the calculation of dilutive earnings per share:


                                                                                                                         As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                       2024                 2023

                        Performance rights                                                                              3,619               3,503

                        Total                                                                                           3,619               3,503




                        74                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        A.4. Income taxes
                        A.4.1. Income tax expense
                                                                                                                   For the year ended 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                       2024              2023

                        Current tax
                        Current tax expense in respect of the current year                                              18,591          36,088
                        Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the current tax in prior years         (675)           (1,304)

                                                                                                                       17,916           34,784

                        Deferred tax




For personal use only
                        Deferred tax expense recognised in the year                                                     3,070             2,385

                        Total income tax expense relating to the continuing operations                                20,986             37,169



                        A.4.2. Reconciliation of income tax to tax expense
                                                                                                                   For the year ended 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                       2024              2023

                        Profit before tax for continuing operations                                                   105,500          347,835

                        Income tax expense calculated at 30% (2023: 30%)                                               31,650          104,350
                        Add / (deduct):
                          Effect of expenses that are not deductible and income that is not assessable
                          in determining taxable profit                                                                 3,327             2,524
                          Effect of difference in tax rate in subsidiaries and branches                                  (775)            (548)
                          Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the current tax
                          in prior years                                                                                 (675)           (1,304)
                          Effect of current year losses not recognised                                                     25              244
                          Effect of tax exemption due to pioneer status in Malaysia                                    (12,566)         (68,097)

                        Total current year income tax expense                                                         20,986             37,169




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                          75
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        A.4        Income taxes continued

                        A.4.3. Movements in deferred tax balances
                                                                              Balance     Recognised                                Balance at
                                                                           at 30 June        in profit    Relating   Recognised       30 June
                        In A$’000                                                2023          or loss   to equity        in OCI         2024

                        Temporary differences
                        Inventory                                                 (671)         (384)           –               –         (1,055)
                        Development expenditure                               (29,753)        (10,680)          –               –        (40,433)
                        Property plant and equipment                            (3,132)         1,793           –               –         (1,340)
                        Borrowings                                             17,492            283            –               –         17,775
                        Trade payables                                            208            403            –               –            611




For personal use only
                        Business related costs                                  1,604            (916)          –               –           687
                        Lease liabilities                                       3,864           (224)           –               –         3,640
                        Provisions                                             21,529            3,711          –               –         25,241
                        Foreign Exchange                                        (2,182)        2,944            –               –           763

                        Net deferred tax asset recognised                      8,959          (3,070)           –               –         5,889


                                                                              Balance     Recognised                                   Balance
                                                                           at 30 June        in profit    Relating   Recognised     at 30 June
                        In A$’000                                                2022          or loss   to equity        in OCI          2023

                        Temporary differences
                        Inventory                                                (981)            310           –               –           (671)
                        Development expenditure                                (22,124)        (7,629)          –               –        (29,753)
                        Property plant and equipment                             (169)         (2,963)          –               –          (3,132)
                        Borrowings                                             16,285           1,207           –               –         17,492
                        Trade payables                                            140             68            –               –           208
                        Business related costs                                  2,594           (990)           –               –          1,604
                        Lease liabilities                                         982          2,882            –               –         3,864
                        Provisions                                              14,617          6,912           –               –         21,529
                        Foreign Exchange                                             –         (2,182)          –               –         (2,182)

                        Net deferred tax asset recognised                      11,344         (2,385)           –               –         8,959


                        A.4.4. Unrecognised deferred tax assets
                                                                                                                         As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                       2024                2023

                        Deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses for which no
                        deferred tax assets have been recognised are attributable to the following:
                        Gross revenue losses
                        Australia                                                                                           –                   –
                        Malaysia                                                                                       72,163             82,896
                        United States                                                                                   3,636              3,587
                        Malawi                                                                                             95                 60




                        76                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Recognition and measurement
                        Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the statement of
                        comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised
                        directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised with the associated items on a net
                        basis. Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year using tax rates enacted or substan-
                        tially enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

                        Deferred tax is recognised using the balance sheet method of providing for temporary differences between the
                        carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the carrying amounts for taxation
                        purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for the following temporary differences: the initial recognition of goodwill,
                        the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects
                        neither accounting nor taxable profit, and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled
                        entities to the extent that they probably will not reverse in the foreseeable future and the Group is in a position to
                        control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are
                        expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have been enacted
                        or substantially enacted at the reporting date.




For personal use only
                        A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
                        which the temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are
                        reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.

                        Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised at the same time the liability to
                        pay the related dividend is recognised. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the same jurisdiction are offset
                        in the statement of financial position only to the extent that there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
                        assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred balances relate to taxes levied by the same taxing authority and
                        are expected either to be settled on a net basis or realised simultaneously.


                        Tax consolidation
                        The Company and its wholly-owned Australian resident entities have formed a tax-consolidated group with effect
                        from 1 July 2002 and are therefore taxed as a single entity from that date. The head entity within the tax-consol-
                        idated group is Lynas Rare Earths Limited. Current tax liabilities and assets and deferred tax assets arising from
                        unused tax losses and relevant tax credits of the members of the tax-consolidated group are recognised by the
                        Company (as head entity in the tax-consolidated group).

                        Entities within the tax-consolidated group have entered into a tax sharing agreement with the Company. The tax
                        sharing agreement entered into between members of the tax-consolidated group provides for the determination
                        of the allocation of income tax liabilities between the entities should the Company default on its tax payment
                        obligations or if an entity should leave the tax-consolidated group. The effect of the tax sharing agreement is that
                        each member’s liability for tax payable by the tax-consolidated group is limited to the amount payable to the head
                        entity under the tax funding arrangement.



                          KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
                          Recognition of deferred tax assets
                          Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can
                          be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together with future tax
                          planning strategies. In making the assessment, the Group has given specific due consideration to:
                             • The pioneer period status (tax holiday) in relation to the Malaysian operations through to 2026.
                             • Tax losses generated during this period will be utilised prior to the tax exemption being applied,
                                with any unused losses available for utilisation by the Group once the pioneer period expires.
                             • Tax losses generated prior to the pioneer period will remain available for use offsetting non-pioneer profits
                                during the pioneer period for a period of 10 years after incurring the loss. At 30 June 2024, losses in Malaysia
                                include A$72m in business losses.

                          The recognised deferred asset relates to temporary timing differences within the Australian tax group.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                             77
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        B. PRODUCTION AND EXPLORATION ASSETS
                        This section includes information about the recognition, measurement, depreciation, amortisation and impairment
                        considerations of the core producing and exploration assets of the Group.


                        B.1.     Property, plant and equipment and mine development
                        Recognition and measurement
                        Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment
                        losses (if any).

                        Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of property, plant
                        and equipment acquired in a business combination is determined by reference to its fair value at the date of
                        acquisition. The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of materials and direct labour and any other costs
                        directly attributable to bringing the asset to a working condition for its intended use. Cost may also include transfers




For personal use only
                        from equity of any gains or losses on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of property, plant
                        and equipment. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as
                        part of the cost of that equipment.

                        Assets under construction
                        Assets under construction are transferred to the appropriate asset category when they are ready for their intended use.

                        Borrowing cost
                        Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of an item of property, plant and equipment
                        are capitalised until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use. The interest rate used
                        equates to the weighted effective interest on debt where general borrowings are used or the relevant interest
                        rate where specific borrowings are used to finance the construction. During FY24, a capitalisation rate of 6.7% was
                        applied. (FY23: 6.7%).

                        Subsequent costs
                        The cost of replacing part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount of the
                        item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within that part will flow to the Group and its cost
                        can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. The costs of the day-to-day
                        servicing of property, plant and equipment are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a compo-
                        nent of the profit or loss as incurred.

                        Government grants
                        Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all
                        attached conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income
                        on a systematic basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.
                        When the grant relates to an asset, it is netted off against the capitalised cost of the related asset.

                        Depreciation
                        Depreciation is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss or capi-
                        talised as a component of inventory in the statement of financial position (which is subsequently released to the
                        profit or loss through the cost of goods sold on the sale of the underlying product) using a method that reflects the
                        pattern in which the economic benefits embodied within the asset are consumed. Generally, this is on a straight-
                        line basis over the estimated useful life of each part or component of an item of property, plant and equipment.




                        78                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        The estimated useful lives for the material classes of property, plant and equipment are as follows:

                        Leasehold land                30 to 99 years     Buildings                5 to 30 years
                        Plant and equipment           2 to 30 years      Fixtures and fittings    2 to 15 years
                        Leasehold improvements        3 to 30 years      Motor vehicles           8 years
                        Rehabilitation assets         20 to 30 years		

                        Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reassessed on an annual basis.

                        Gains and losses on the disposal of items of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the
                        proceeds (if any) at the time of disposal with the net carrying amount of the asset.

                        Development expenditure
                        Once an area of interest has been established as commercially viable and technically feasible, expenditure other than
                        that relating to land, buildings and plant and equipment is capitalised as development expenditure. Development




For personal use only
                        expenditure includes previously capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure, pre-production development
                        expenditure and other subsurface expenditure pertaining to that area of interest. Costs related to surface plant and
                        equipment and any associated land and buildings are accounted for as property, plant and equipment.

                        Development costs are accumulated in respect of each separate area of interest. Costs associated with commis-
                        sioning new assets in the period before they are capable of operating in the manner intended by management, are
                        capitalised. Development costs incurred after the commencement of production are capitalised to the extent they
                        are expected to give rise to a future economic benefit.

                        When an area of interest is abandoned or the Directors decide that it is not commercially viable or technically
                        feasible, any accumulated costs in respect of that area are written off in full in the statement of comprehensive
                        income as a component of the profit or loss in the period in which the decision to abandon the area is made to the
                        extent that they will not be recoverable in the future.

                        Development assets are assessed for impairment if the facts and circumstance suggest that the carrying amount
                        exceed the recoverable amount. For the purpose of impairment testing, development assets are allocated to the
                        cash-generating units (“CGUs”) to which the development activity relates.

                        Deferred stripping
                        Overburden and other mine waste materials are often removed during the initial development of a mine in
                        order to access the mineral deposit. This activity is referred to as development or pre-production stripping. The
                        directly attributable costs associated with these activities are capitalised as a component of development costs.
                        Capitalisation of development stripping ceases and amortisation of those capitalised costs commences upon
                        extraction of ore. Amortisation of capitalised development stripping costs occurs on a unit of production basis with
                        reference to the life of mine of the relevant area of interest.

                        Removal of waste material normally continues through the life of a mine. This activity is referred to as production
                        stripping and commences upon the extraction of ore.

                        Amortisation of development
                        Amortisation of development is recognised either in the statement of comprehensive income as a component
                        of the profit or loss or capitalised as a component of inventory in the statement of financial position (which is
                        subsequently released to the profit or loss through the cost of goods sold on the sale of the underlying product)
                        on a units of production basis which aims to recognise cost proportionally to the depletion of the economically
                        recoverable mineral resources. Costs are amortised from the commencement of commercial production.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                        79
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        B.1      Property, plant and equipment and mine development continued


                          KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
                          Development Expenditure
                          Development activities commence after project sanctioning by the appropriate level of management and the
                          Board. Judgement is applied by management in determining when a project is economically viable. In exercising
                          this judgement, management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions as described above for capi-
                          talised development expenditure. Any such estimates and assumptions may change as new information becomes
                          available. If, after having commenced the development activity, a judgement is made that a development asset is
                          impaired, the appropriate amount will be written off to the statement of comprehensive income.

                          Stripping Asset




For personal use only
                          As with many mining operations similar to Mt Weld, overburden and other mine waste materials are often
                          removed during the initial development of a mine in order to access the mineral deposit. The extraction of the
                          ore body itself will also include a waste component extracted during the mining campaign. The costs of extrac-
                          tion of both these elements form the stripping costs. Judgement is required to identify a suitable allocation
                          basis to apportion the stripping costs between inventory and any stripping assets for each component.

                          The Group considers that the ratio of the expected volume of waste to be stripped for an expected volume of ore
                          to be mined for a specific component of the ore body, to be the most suitable production measure. An identifiable
                          component is a specific volume of the ore body that is made more accessible by the stripping activity.

                          Pre-Production Stripping
                          The Group has determined that the overburden removal where no ore is recovered forms part of a pre-pro-
                          duction stripping asset and has been determined to provide more accessibility to the total ore body and is
                          amortised on this basis.

                          Production Stripping ratio
                          The Group has adopted a policy of deferring production stage stripping costs and amortising them on a
                          units-of-production basis. Judgement is required in determining the contained ore units for each mining
                          campaign.

                          Estimation of mineral reserves and resources – refer to Note B.2




                        80                                                                                            www.LynasRareEarths.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Development
                                                                                                       Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Expenditure




                                                                          Buildings plant                                                                                                                          Pre-production /


                                                    Leasehold land
                                                                                                                               Assets under       Rehabilitation   Leasehold                      Development
                                                                                                Fixtures and   Right of Use

                                                                          and equipment         fittings       Assets          construction       asset            improvements      Total        expenditure      Stripping asset      Total
                        In A$’000

                         As at 30 June 2024
                         Cost                     27,774                 924,577                9,760          20,623         1,288,162 348,371                    21,062 2,640,329              50,560           49,987 100,547
                         Accumulated
                         impairment losses                           – (180,990)                 (378)                    –          (266)                     –     (7,114) (188,748)           (4,428)                          –   (4,428)
                         Accumulated
                         depreciation             (4,504) (459,714) (7,563)                                    (10,861)                       –   (41,822)         (6,938) (531,402)              (7,793) (14,342) (22,135)




For personal use only
                         Carrying amount          23,270 283,873                                1,819           9,762 1,287,896 306,549                             7,010 1,920,179              38,339           35,645              73,984

                         Opening cost             28,281                 919,835                9,079          16,500         753,802 222,080                      21,226 1,970,803              32,120           40,504              72,624
                         Opening accumulated
                         impairment and
                         depreciation              (4,301) (615,286) (7,364)                                   (4,108)              (268) (31,386)                 (13,579) (676,292)             (11,317)         (11,614) (22,931)

                         Opening carrying
                         amount                   23,980 304,549                                1,715          12,392         753,534 190,694                       7,647         1,294,511      20,803           28,890              49,693

                         Additions                                   –          1,351               751            4,111      543,357                          –              –   549,570        18,474             9,483             27,957
                         Disposals                                   –         (703)                     –                –                   –                –              –       (703)                 –                     –             –
                         Depreciation expense       (287)                (35,754)                (754)         (6,788)                        –   (11,065)            (736)        (55,384)                 –                     –             –
                         Amortisation expense                        –                      –            –                –                   –                –              –              –      (340)          (2,728)            (3,068)
                         Impairment loss                             –                      –            –                –                   –                –              –              –       (598)                        –     (598)
                         Change in
                         rehabilitation
                         obligations                                 –                      –            –                –                   – 125,930                       –    125,930                  –                     –             –
                         Capitalised interest                        –                      –            –                –      12,119                        –              –     12,119                  –                     –             –
                         Transfers                                   –    16,874                     85                   –     (17,159)                       –       200                   –              –                     –             –
                         Foreign currency
                         translation                (423)                 (2,444)                     22               47        (3,955)               990              (101)       (5,864)                 –                     –             –

                         Carrying amount
                         at 30 June 2024          23,270 283,873                                1,819          9,762 1,287,896 306,549                              7,010 1,920,179              38,339           35,645              73,984


                        Restrictions on the title of property plant and equipment and development assets are outlined in Note C.3.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                                                                                                          81
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        B.1      Property, plant and equipment and mine development continued

                                                                                                                                                                                                               Development
                                                                                                       Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Expenditure




                                                                            Buildings plant                                                                                                                       Pre-production /


                                                      Leasehold land
                                                                                                                                 Assets under   Rehabilitation    Leasehold                      Development
                                                                                                  Fixtures and   Right of Use

                                                                            and equipment         fittings       Assets          construction   asset             improvements      Total        expenditure      Stripping asset     Total
                        In A$’000

                         As at 30 June 2023
                         Cost                       28,281                 919,835                9,079          16,500 753,802 222,080                          21,226 1,970,803               32,120           40,504              72,624




For personal use only
                         Accumulated
                         impairment losses                             – (184,242)                 (385)                    –       (268)                    –   (7,244)         (192,179)      (3,860)                          –   (3,860)
                         Accumulated
                         depreciation                (4,301) (431,004) (6,979)                                   (4,108)                    –   (31,386)          (6,335)        (484,113)       (7,457)          (11,614) (19,071)

                         Carrying amount            23,980 304,549                                1,715          12,392 753,534 190,694                           7,647          1,294,511      20,803           28,890              49,693

                         Opening cost               28,891                 918,536                8,016          5,494 204,703 200,179                           20,404 1,386,223               26,049           39,096              65,145
                         Opening accumulated
                         impairment and
                         depreciation                (4,102) (577,209) (6,760)                                   (2,260)            (258) (25,022) (13,266) (628,877) (10,664)                                    (5,485) (16,149)

                         Opening carrying
                         amount                     24,789                 341,327                1,256          3,234 204,445 175,157                              7,138        757,346        15,385            33,611 48,996

                         Additions                                     –      6,539                 784           12,110 552,562                             –      1,096         573,091          5,915            1,408             7,323
                         Disposals                                     –     (4,168)                       –                –               –                –               –     (4,168)                 –                     –            –
                         Depreciation expense         (292)                (50,472)                (682)         (2,936)                    –   (6,922)              (604)        (61,908)                 –                     –            –
                         Amortisation expense                          –                      –            –                –               –                –               –              –       (497)          (6,129)           (6,626)
                         Change in rehabilitation
                         obligations                                   –                      –            –                –               –   25,259                       –     25,259                  –                     –            –
                         Capitalised interest                          –                      –            –                –    12,766                      –               –     12,766                  –                     –            –
                         Transfers                                     –    14,246                  360                     –   (14,764)                     –          158                 –              –                     –            –
                         Foreign currency
                         translation                    (517)                (2,923)                     (3)            (16)      (1,475)       (2,800)                 (141)      (7,875)                 –                     –            –

                         Carrying amount
                         at 30 June 2023            23,980 304,549                                1,715          12,392 753,534 190,694                           7,647          1,294,511      20,803           28,890              49,693


                        B.2.     Impairment of non-current assets
                        The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-financial assets are reviewed at least annually to determine whether
                        there is any indication of impairment. If any such indicators exist then the asset or CGU’s recoverable amount is
                        estimated. For intangible assets that have indefinite lives or that are not yet available for use, recoverable amounts
                        are estimated at least annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

                        An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its recoverable amount.
                        A CGU is the smallest identifiable asset group that generates cash flows that are largely independent from other
                        assets and groups. Impairment losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income as a component
                        of the profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of a CGU are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                        amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other non-financial
                        assets in the CGU on a pro-rata basis.

                        The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In
                        assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax




                        82                                                                                                                                                                      www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset
                        or CGU. In assessing the fair value less cost to sell, the Company uses a variety of methods and assumptions that
                        are based on market conditions and risks existing at each reporting date. The methods used to determine fair value
                        include a discounted future cash flows analysis and adjusted EBITDA (forecasted) multiplied by a relevant market
                        indexed multiple.

                        In respect of assets other than goodwill, impairment losses recognised in prior years are assessed at each reporting
                        date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has
                        been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only
                        to the extent that the asset’s revised carrying amount will not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
                        determined net of depreciation or amortisation if no impairment loss had been recognised.

                        Recognised impairment
                        There was $0.6m of impairment expense recognised on specific development assets during FY24 (FY23: nil). There
                        was no reversal of prior period impairment loss recognised in FY24 (FY23: Nil).




For personal use only
                          KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
                          Reserve estimates and mine life
                          Reserves are estimates of the amount of product that can be economically and legally extracted from the Group’s
                          mining tenements. In order to calculate reserves, estimates and assumptions are required to be formulated about
                          a range of geological, technical and economic factors including quantities, grades, production techniques, recovery
                          rates, production costs, transportation costs, refining costs, commodity demand, commodity prices and exchange
                          rates. Estimating the quantity and/or grade of reserves requires the size, shape and depth of the ore bodies or field
                          to be determined by analysing geological data such as drilling samples. This process may require complex and
                          difficult geological judgement and calculation to interpret the data.

                          As the economic assumptions used to estimate reserves change from period to period, and because additional
                          geological data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of reserves may change from period to
                          period. Changes in reported reserves may affect the Group’s financial results and financial position in a number of
                          ways, including:
                             • asset carrying values may be affected due to changes in the estimated future cash flows; and
                             • depreciation and amortisation charges in the statement of comprehensive income may change as result
                                of the change in the useful economic lives of assets.

                          Mineral resources and ore reserves are reported in accordance with the Australian Code for Reporting of
                          Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (“JORC Code”).

                          Impairment of non-financial assets
                          The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any
                          indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset’s
                          recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash generating unit’s (CGU)
                          fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset,
                          unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups
                          of assets. When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered
                          impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

                          In assessing recoverable value, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
                          discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
                          asset. Where applicable, the fair value less costs to sell calculation is based on a 18-year discounted cash flow (DCF)
                          model. The cash flows are derived from the two-year budget and forecast model that is extrapolated over 18 years
                          and do not include restructuring activities that the Group is not yet committed to or significant future investments
                          that will enhance the asset’s performance of the CGU being tested. The recoverable amount is sensitive to product
                          price movement, volume, operating and capital cost, the discount rate used for the discounted cash flows model
                          as well as the expected future cash inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                              83
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        C. CASH, BORROWINGS AND CAPITAL
                        This section includes information about cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and capital position of the Company
                        at the end of the reporting period.


                        C.1.     Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                     As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                   2024                2023

                        Cash at bank and on hand                                                                  202,197            203,746
                        Short term deposits                                                                       321,641            807,466

                        Total cash and cash equivalents                                                          523,838             1,011,212




For personal use only
                        Recognition and measurement
                        Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term highly
                        liquid investments with maturities of less than three months.


                        Fair value and foreign exchange risk
                        The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates their fair value.

                        The Group’s cash and cash equivalents include A$321.6m in currencies other than Australian dollars, primarily
                        US$148.4m (30 June 2023: US$285.6m) and MYR 253.5m (30 June 2023: MYR 329.7m).


                        Reconciliation of the profit for the year with the net cash from operating activities

                                                                                                               For the year ended 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                   2024                2023

                        Profit for the year                                                                        84,514            310,666

                        Adjustments for:
                          Depreciation and amortisation                                                            56,898              62,180
                          Share-based payments                                                                       7,166              7,210
                          Net financial (income) / expenses                                                       (30,266)            (32,331)
                          Loss / (gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment and other
                          non-cash transactions                                                                     1,798                2,611
                          Income tax (benefit) / expense                                                           20,986              37,169
                          Foreign exchange gain included in profit for the year                                    (4,988)            (32,183)
                          Change in trade and other receivables                                                     7,628              53,105
                          Change in inventories                                                                    (4,924)             (19,170)
                          Change in operating trade and other payables                                            (24,963)             17,256
                          Change in employee benefit provision                                                      (1,200)             1,059
                          Change in provisions (rehabilitation obligation)                                         (26,917)            (6,209)
                          Income tax paid                                                                         (50,768)            (14,609)
                        Net cash from operating activities                                                        34,964             386,754




                        84                                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        C.2.      Interest Bearing Liabilities
                                                                                                                                 As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                               2024                2023

                        Current borrowings
                        JARE loan facility(1)                                                                                 28,544              10,004

                        Total current borrowings                                                                              28,544             10,004

                        Non-current borrowings
                        JARE loan facility                                                                                    143,294             167,375

                        Total non-current borrowings                                                                         143,294             167,375




For personal use only
                        (1) In line with the repayment schedule below, payments of US$10m (AU$14.9m) are due on 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2025. These
                            have been classified as current liabilities at 30 June 2024.



                        Recognition and measurement
                        Interest bearing loans and borrowings
                        Subsequent to initial recognition interest bearing loans and borrowings are measured at amortised cost using the
                        effective interest method.



                          KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

                          Interest bearing loans and borrowings are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

                          The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments through the
                          expected life of the financial liability to the amortised cost of the liability. The Group has applied judgement
                          and determined the appropriate rate for a similar instrument to be 6.5% (FY23: 6.5%). When the Group revises
                          the estimates of future cash flows, the carrying amount of the financial liability is adjusted to reflect the new
                          estimate discounted using the original effective rate. Any changes are recognised in the profit or loss.



                        Fair value and foreign exchange risk
                        The fair value of borrowings, which have been determined for disclosure purposes, is calculated by discounting the
                        future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rates that are available for similar financial instruments.
                        The fair value methodology adopted was categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. There has been no
                        change to the valuation technique during the year. These have been determined as follows:


                                                                                                     As at 30 June 2024           As at 30 June 2023

                                                                                                  Carrying            Fair      Carrying            Fair
                                                                                                  amount           value        amount           value
                                                                                                (AUD ‘000)     (AUD ‘000)     (AUD ‘000)     (AUD ‘000)

                        JARE loan facility                                                          171,838        162,929        177,379        164,576

                                                                                                    171,838       162,929        177,379         164,576




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                     85
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        C.2.     Interest Bearing Liabilities continued

                        Terms and debt maturity schedule
                                                                                                             As at 30 June 2024               As at 30 June 2023

                                                                          Nominal                           Face            Face                Face             Face
                                                                          interest        Date of          value           value               value            value
                                                           Currency           rate       maturity      (USD ‘000)      (AUD ‘000)          (USD ‘000)       (AUD ‘000)

                        JARE loan facility                    USD              2.5%      June 2030           130,000       194,783           137,000          206,991

                                                                                                            130,000        194,783           137,000          206,991


                        Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities




For personal use only
                                                   30 June           Cash                                                                                      30 June
                                                      2023          flows                             Non-cash Movements                                          2024



                                                  Opening          Repay-        Effective      Foreign          Adjust-        Addi-                         Closing
                        In A$’000                 Balance          ments          Interest    Exchange            ment         tions(1)          Other        Balance

                        JARE loan facility          177,379        (10,428)           6,530      (1,643)               –              –                 –      171,838
                        Lease liability              12,976         (5,734)             810           (23)             –           4,111                –        12,140

                        Total                      190,355         (16,162)           7,340      (1,666)               –           4,111                –     183,978


                        (1) Additions in the non-cash movements in the lease liability during the year ended 30 June 2024 related to finance leases recognised in
                            line with AASB 16.


                                                   30 June           Cash                                                                                      30 June
                                                      2022          flows                             Non-cash Movements                                          2023

                                                  Opening          Repay-        Effective      Foreign          Adjust-        Addi-                         Closing
                        In A$’000                 Balance          ments          Interest    Exchange           ment(1)       tions(2)        Other(3)       Balance

                        JARE loan facility          186,801         (5,955)           7,017         7,137          (482)              –         (17,139)       177,379
                        Lease liability               3,662          (3,151)            471          (116)             –          12,110                –       12,976

                        Total                      190,463          (9,106)           7,488         7,021          (482)          12,110        (17,139)       190,355


                        (1) Adjustments to the carrying values of the JARE loan during the year ended 30 June 2023 relate to changes in the cash flow profile used
                            to measure the carrying value of the loan.
                        (2) Additions in the non-cash movements in the lease liability during the year ended 30 June 2023 related to finance leases recognised in
                            line with AASB 16.
                        (3) Other non-cash movements in the JARE loan facility relate to the settlement of deferred interest due on the loan through shares. Refer
                            to note C4.




                        86                                                                                                                   www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        C.3.     Financing facilities
                        Japan Australia Rare Earths B.V. (JARE) loan facility
                        An extension of the JARE loan facility was announced on 27 June 2019. As part of this extension, new terms were
                        agreed to as detailed below.

                        The maturity date of the JARE loan facility is 30 June 2030. The interest rate on this facility is 2.5% p.a. at 30 June
                        2024 (30 June 2023: 2.5% p.a.). Conditions linking the interest rate to the NdPr sales price in the previous facility have
                        been removed.

                        Interest liabilities will be paid directly to the lenders at 31 December and 30 June each year.

                        There are a series of fixed repayments in the facility which have replaced the “Cash Sweep” mechanism in the
                        former facility. The details of the fixed repayments are as follows:




For personal use only
                        Repayment date                                                                                                  Amount

                        Each half-year from 31 Dec 2024 to 31 Dec 2027                                                     US$10m on each date
                        Each half-year from 30 June 2028 to 30 June 2030                                                   US$12m on each date


                        Japan will have the following priority supply rights until 2038:
                           1. Any fundraising will not hinder Lynas’ ability to support Japanese industries diversifying their rare earths
                              supply sources, in accordance with the Availability Agreement announced on 30 March 2011.
                           2. Lynas shall ensure that in the event of competing demands from the Japanese market and a non-Japanese
                              market for the supply by the Borrower or Lynas Malaysia for NdPr produced from the Lynas Malaysia plant,
                              the Japanese market shall have priority of supply up to 7,200 tonnes per year subject to the terms of the
                              Availability Agreement and to the extent that Lynas will not have any opportunity loss.
                           3. JARE has rights of negotiation with Lynas in priority to non-Japanese market customers for the priority supply
                              to the Japanese market of additional NdPr and Nd products produced by the Lynas 2025 Project.
                           4. Lynas will continue to prioritize the needs of Japanese customers for the supply of Heavy Rare Earths products
                              produced, to the extent possible under any agreement with the U.S.

                        To date, the JARE loan facility has been secured over all of the assets of the Group, other than the Malawi and
                        Malaysia assets.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                          87
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        C.4.     Contributed equity
                                                                                                               As at 30 June

                                                                                                     2024                          2023

                                                                                             Number         Value of      Number          Value of
                                                                                            of shares         shares     of shares          shares
                                                                                                 ‘000        A$ ‘000          ‘000         A$ ‘000

                        Balance at the beginning of the year                                 933,815     2,091,089        902,412      1,859,598

                        Issue of shares pursuant to exercised performance rights                 903              –            1,268             –
                        Issue of shares pursuant to equity raising                                  –             –         30,135         231,491




For personal use only
                        Closing balance                                                      934,718     2,091,089        933,815      2,091,089


                        All issued ordinary shares are fully paid and have no par value. The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive
                        dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share. All shares rank equally with regard
                        to the Group’s residual assets in the event of a wind-up.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as
                        a deduction from the proceeds.

                        Where equity instruments are reacquired by the Group, for example, as a result of a share buy-back, those instru-
                        ments are deducted from equity and the associated shares are cancelled. No gain or loss is recognised in the
                        statement of comprehensive income and the consideration paid including any directly attributable incremental
                        costs (net of income taxes) is directly recognised in equity.


                        C.5.     Reserves
                                                                                                                          As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                         2024               2023

                        Equity settled employee benefits                                                                72,967              65,801
                        Foreign currency translation                                                                   (163,426)           (151,147)
                        Warrant reserve                                                                                  21,765             21,765

                        Balance at 30 June                                                                             (68,694)            (63,581)


                        Nature and purpose
                        The equity settled employee benefits reserve relates to performance rights granted by the Group to its employees
                        under the employee share option plan. Further information about share-based payments to employees is set out in
                        Note E.7.

                        Exchange differences relating to the translation of the results and net assets of the Group’s foreign operations from
                        their functional currencies to the Group’s presentation currency are recognised directly in other comprehensive
                        income and accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve.

                        Warrant reserve includes options issued as part of rights issues.




                        88                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Key Financial and capital risks associated with cash, debt and capital
                        Exposure to market, credit and liquidity risks arise in the normal course of the Group’s business. The Directors
                        and management of the Group have overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk
                        management framework.

                        The Directors have established a treasury policy that identifies risks faced by the Group and sets out policies and
                        procedures to mitigate those risks. Monthly consolidated financial reports are prepared for the Directors, who
                        ensure compliance with the Group’s risk management policies and procedures.

                        Capital risk management
                        The Directors are responsible for monitoring and managing the Group’s capital structure.

                        The Directors’ policy is to maintain an acceptable capital base to promote the confidence of the Group’s financiers
                        and creditors and to sustain the future development of the business. The Directors monitor the Group’s financial
                        position to ensure that it complies at all times with its financial and other covenants as set out in its financing




For personal use only
                        arrangements.

                        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Directors may elect to take a number of measures including,
                        for example, to dispose of assets or operating segments of the business, to alter its short to medium term plans in
                        respect of capital projects and working capital levels, or to re-balance the level of equity and external debt in place.

                        Capital comprises share capital, external debt and reserves.

                        Liquidity risk management
                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not meet its contractual obligations as they fall due. The Group’s
                        approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities as
                        and when they fall due and comply with covenants under both normal and stressed conditions.

                        The Group evaluates its liquidity requirements on an on-going basis and ensures that it has sufficient cash on
                        demand to meet expected operating expenses including the servicing of financial obligations. This excludes the
                        potential impact of extreme circumstances that cannot reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters.

                        Interest rate risk management
                        The Group’s interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings at both fixed and floating rates and deposits which
                        earn interest at floating rates. Borrowings and deposits at floating rates expose the Group to cash flows interest rate
                        risk. The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk is shown below:


                                                                  30 June                                    30 June
                                                                     2024       Interest Rate Risk              2023         Interest Rate Risk

                                                                Exposure       1.0%           –1.0%         Exposure        1.0%           –1.0%

                                                                                 Impact on Profit                            Impact on Profit
                        In A$’000                                                  and Equity                                  and Equity

                        Floating rate instruments
                        Cash and cash equivalents                523,838          5,238         (5,238)      1,011,212        10,112         (10,112)
                        Other non-current assets                    7,933             79             (79)      9,885               99             (99)

                        Total                                     531,771         5,317         (5,317)     1,021,097         10,211        (10,211)




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                              89
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        C.5.      Reserves continued

                        Maturity analysis of financial liabilities
                        The table below sets out a maturity analysis for financial liabilities containing principal and interest flows. For
                        loans outstanding, undiscounted cash flows are presented until contractual final maturity. Interest cash flows are
                        projected based on the interest rates prevailing on the closing date.


                                                                                                                  Between       Between
                                                                                                  Up to and      6 months      1 year and
                                                                 Carrying        Contracted       including      and up to          up to           Over
                        In A$’000                                Amount           cash flows      6 months           1 year       5 years         5 years

                          30 June 2024




For personal use only
                          JARE loan facility                          171,838          211,281       17,438          17,212      139,994          36,636
                          Lease liabilities                            12,140          15,250         3,091          3,526          7,533           1,100

                          Total                                   183,978            226,531        20,529         20,738        147,527          37,736

                          30 June 2023
                          JARE loan facility                          177,379        228,778          5,630         10,097       138,258          74,793
                          Lease liabilities                            12,976          15,384         2,451           3,115         8,718           1,100

                          Total                                   190,355            244,162          8,081          13,212      146,976          75,893


                        Foreign exchange risk management
                        The Group’s foreign exchange risks are detailed in the basis of preparation of these financial reports.

                        There are two elements of foreign exchange risk. Firstly, the Group holds cash, trade receivables and trade payables
                        currencies other than the functional currency of the Company in which it is held. Movement in the prevailing
                        exchange rates have an impact on the Group’s profit and equity. Secondly, the Group’s members are exposed to
                        foreign exchange risk on the translation of its operations that are denominated in currencies other than AUD. The
                        Group’s net assets denominated in currencies other than the AUD which have the potential of impacting the other
                        comprehensive income component of the statement of comprehensive income are:


                                                                                                                 Foreign Exchange Risk
                                                                                                          –10%                              10%
                                                                                     Carrying
                        In A$’000                                                    Amount          Profit         Equity         Profit         Equity

                        As at 30 June 2024
                        Net exposure of US$ financial assets                US$       175,205        19,982               –       (19,982)             –
                        Net exposure of A$ financial assets                     A$     26,074         1,574               –        (1,574)             –
                        Net asset exposure – MYR currency                   MYR      2,187,208            –        (63,583)             –          77,713
                        Net asset exposure – US$ currency                   US$         (5,339)           –            806              –           (806)

                        As at 30 June 2023
                        Net exposure of US$ financial assets                US$       183,224        21,767               –       (21,767)             –
                        Net exposure of A$ financial assets                     A$     60,133         6,525               –        (6,525)             –
                        Net asset exposure – MYR currency                   MYR      2,093,861            –         (61,360)            –         74,996
                        Net asset exposure – US$ currency                   US$         (5,343)           –            805              –           (805)




                        90                                                                                                       www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        D. OTHER ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                        This section includes information about the other assets and liabilities position at the end of the period.


                        D.1.     Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                          As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                        2024               2023

                        Trade receivables at fair value                                                                 42,624             49,192
                        GST / VAT receivables                                                                            3,981              5,920
                        Other receivables                                                                                3,045             4,462

                        Total current trade and other receivables                                                      49,650             59,574




For personal use only
                        The Group’s exposure to credit risk is primarily in its trade receivables at fair value. As at 30 June 2024 $9.5m (2023:
                        $3.0m) of trade receivables were past due but not impaired. The full amount of $9.5m has been received subse-
                        quent to 30 June 2024. Where debtors become overdue, the Group maintains regular contact and has a history of
                        collecting trade receivables in full.

                        At 30 June 2024, the Group had sales under contract amounting to A$96.2m (US$64.2m) (30 June 2023: A$190.0m
                        (US$126.0m)) subject to price adjustments. A 5% change in NdPr Pricing at 30 June 2024 would have resulted in an
                        increase/decrease in the fair value of the trade receivable by $4.2m (2023: $2.3m). At the date of this report, A$19.9m
                        (US$13.3m) of this amount has been finalised with minimal price adjustments.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
                        active market. They are included in current assets, except for instruments with maturities greater than 12 months
                        from the reporting date, which are classified as non-current assets. The Group’s receivables comprise trade and
                        other receivables (including related party receivables) which are stated at their cost less impairment losses.

                        Fair value and foreign exchange risk
                        Given the short-term nature of trade receivables, the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.

                        All trade receivables are held in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity receipting them and
                        therefore exposed to foreign exchange risk.


                        D.2.     Inventories
                                                                                                                          As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                        2024               2023

                        Raw materials and consumables                                                                   40,033             48,351
                        Work in progress                                                                               64,966              54,242
                        Finished goods                                                                                  26,746             22,182

                        Total inventories                                                                              131,745            124,775

                        Current inventories                                                                            120,576             111,893
                        Non-current inventories                                                                          11,169            12,882

                        Total inventories                                                                              131,745            124,775


                        During the year ended 30 June 2024 inventories of $329.7m (2023: $399.9m) were recognised as an expense, all of
                        which were included in ‘cost of sales’.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                               91
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        D.2      Inventories continued

                        Depreciation recognised in inventories
                        The Group recognised depreciation on its property, plant and equipment and amortisation on its deferred development
                        expenditure and intangible assets for the years ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 respectively in the following categories:


                                                                         Recognised
                                                                       in General and
                                                                       Administration             Recognised
                                                                          Expense                 in Inventory                  Total

                        In A$’000                                       2024         2023        2024            2023      2024          2023

                        Property, plant and equipment                   2,701        7,134      51,852       54,871       54,553        62,005




For personal use only
                        Deferred development expenditure               3,068          942            –              –      3,068          942
                        Intangibles                                      532          394            –              –        532          394

                        Total                                          6,301       8,470        51,852      54,871        58,153        63,341


                        On the sale of inventory to customers, the component of the depreciation or amortisation expense capitalised
                        within inventory is reflected in the cost of goods sold in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of
                        the profit or loss. This was $50.6m in the year ended 30 June 2024 (2023: $53.7m).

                        Write downs of inventory
                        During the year ended 30 June 2024, there were $2.0m of inventory write-downs to net realisable value. (2023: $1.8m)

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods
                        Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based either on the
                        first in first out (“FIFO”) or weighted average principles and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the invento-
                        ries and bringing them to their existing location and condition. In the case of manufactured or refined inventories
                        and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal operating
                        capacity. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated
                        costs of completion and selling expenses. Inventory expected to be sold or consumed within the next 12 months is
                        classified as current, with amounts expected to be consumed or sold after this time being classified as non-current.

                        Engineering and maintenance materials
                        Engineering and maintenance materials (representing either critical or long order components but excluding
                        rotable spares) are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of these inventories is based on
                        the weighted average principle and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them
                        to their existing location and condition. Net realisable value is determined with reference to the cost of replacement
                        of such items in the ordinary course of business compared to the current market prices.




                        92                                                                                              www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        D.3.     Other non-current assets
                                                                                                                        As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                       2024             2023

                        Security deposits – banking facilities and other, Malaysia                                      2,081            3,878
                        Security deposits – banking facilities and other, Australia                                    8,620             6,007
                        Security deposits – banking facilities and other, USA                                              –                 –
                        Security deposits – AELB                                                                      74,447            74,766

                                                                                                                      85,148            84,651


                        Deposits to the Malaysian Government’s Atomic Energy Licensing Board (“AELB”) form a component of a total
                        US$50.0m of instalments due in accordance with the conditions underlying the granting of the original Full




For personal use only
                        Operating Stage Licence to the Group for the Lynas Malaysia plant. The total amount deposited as security via a
                        bond for the instalments is US$39.0m (A$58.4m) (all of which is interest earning). A further US$11.0m paid via cash
                        directly to AELB is not interest earning and has been discounted to a present value of A$5.9m (FY23: A$5.6m).

                        Under revisions to the operating licence, a further A$10.2m in deposits have been made to the AELB to satisfy
                        licence conditions.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition and subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
                        through other comprehensive income and fair value through profit or loss. The classification of financial assets at
                        initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business
                        model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables, the Group initially measures a financial asset at
                        its fair value.

                        In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs
                        to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal amount
                        outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level.

                        Financial assets at amortised cost
                        This category is the most relevant to the Group as all deposits in Note D.3 are classified this way. The Group meas-
                        ures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:
                           • The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect
                               contractual cash flows, and
                           • The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                               of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                        Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest (EIR) method and are
                        subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or
                        impaired. The Group’s financial assets at amortised cost includes trade receivables, and security deposits included
                        under other non-current financial assets.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                         93
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        D.4. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                            As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                                          2024                 2023

                        Trade payables                                                                                                   39,332               40,821
                        Accrued expenses                                                                                                 40,817               24,650
                        Other payables                                                                                                    12,207              16,533

                        Total trade and other payables                                                                                   92,356              82,004

                        Current                                                                                                          92,356              82,004
                        Non-current                                                                                                            –                    –

                        Total trade and other payables                                                                                   92,356              82,004




For personal use only
                        Recognition and measurement
                        Current trade and other payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 30 to 60 day terms. Subsequent
                        to initial recognition trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
                        Given the short-term nature of trade payables, the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.


                        D.5.      Provisions and Employee benefits
                                                                                                                                            As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                                          2024                 2023

                        Current
                        Short term employee benefits                                                                                       6,033               5,084
                        Restoration and rehabilitation(1)                                                                                37,462               37,264

                        Total current                                                                                                   43,495               42,348

                        Non-Current
                        Long term employee benefits                                                                                         468                 1,414
                        Restoration and rehabilitation                                                                                   241,819             133,039

                        Total non-current                                                                                              242,287              134,453


                        (1) 	The current portion of the restoration and rehabilitation provision represents Lynas’ best estimate of the present value of the outflows
                              relating to the discharge of the rehabilitation obligation relating to residue disposal in Malaysia over the next 12 month period.


                        Recognition and measurement
                        A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
                        that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefit will be required to settle the
                        obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects
                        current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is
                        used, the increase in the provision for the passage of time is recognised as a financial expense in the statement of
                        comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss.

                        Short-term employee benefits
                        Short-term employee benefits are expected to be settled within one year and measured on an undiscounted basis
                        and are expensed in the statement of comprehensive income as a component of the profit or loss as the related
                        services are provided. A provision is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus
                        plans and outstanding annual leave balances if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this
                        amount as a result of past services provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.




                        94                                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Long-term employee benefits
                        The liability for annual leave and long service leave for which settlement can be deferred beyond 12 months from
                        the balance date is measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services
                        provided by employees. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee
                        departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the reporting
                        date on national government bonds with terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the
                        estimated future cash outflows.

                        Incentive compensation plans
                        The Group recognises a liability and associated expense for incentive compensation plans based on a formula that
                        takes into consideration certain threshold targets and the associated measures of profitability. The Group recog-
                        nises a provision when it is contractually obligated or when there is a past practice that has created a constructive
                        obligation to its employees.

                        Restoration and rehabilitation




For personal use only
                        The activities of the Group give rise to obligations for asset and site restoration and rehabilitation at the Lynas
                        Malaysia plant, Mount Weld concentration plant and Lynas Kalgoorlie facility. The key areas of uncertainty in
                        estimating the provisions for these obligations are set out below. Upon cessation of operations, the site including
                        the processing assets, ancillary facilities, utilities and the onsite storage facility will be decommissioned and any
                        materials removed from the location.

                        The Group has most recently engaged as third party specialists to assist in estimating the restoration and rehabil-
                        itation provisions at Lynas Malaysia, Mt Weld and Lynas Kalgoorlie as at 30 June 2024. The Group will continue to
                        review the need to engage third party specialists periodically over time as the operations continue to develop.

                        The unwinding effect of discounting of the provision is recognised as a financial expense.

                        The mining/extraction and refining/processing activities of the Group give rise to obligations for asset and site
                        rehabilitation. Rehabilitation obligations can include facility decommissioning and dismantling, removal or treatment
                        of waste materials, land rehabilitation and site restoration. The extent of work required and the associated costs are
                        estimated based on feasibility and engineering studies using current restoration standards and techniques. Provisions
                        for the cost of each rehabilitation programme are recognised at the time that the environmental disturbance occurs.

                        Rehabilitation provisions are initially measured at the expected value of future cash flows required to rehabilitate
                        the relevant site, discounted to their present value. The value of the provision is progressively increased over time as
                        the effect of discounting unwinds. When provisions for rehabilitation are initially recognised, the corresponding cost
                        is capitalised as an asset, representing part of the cost of acquiring the future economic benefits of the operation.
                        The capitalised cost of rehabilitation activities for the Group’s mining operations and refining operations are
                        recognised as a component of property, plant and equipment. Amounts capitalised are depreciated or
                        amortised accordingly.

                        At each reporting date the rehabilitation liability is re-measured to account for any new disturbance, updated cost
                        estimates, changes to the estimated lives of the associated operations, new regulatory requirements and revisions
                        to discount rates. Changes to the rehabilitation liability are added or deducted from the related rehabilitation asset
                        and amortised accordingly.

                                                                                                                          As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                         2024              2023

                        Restoration and Rehabilitation
                        Balance at the beginning of the year                                                           170,303            148,080
                        Provisions made during the year                                                                 127,217            31,779
                        Provisions paid during the year                                                                 (26,917)           (6,209)
                        Changes to discounts rates                                                                       (1,287)           (6,520)
                        Effects of foreign exchange movement                                                              1,506             (2,145)
                        Unwinding of discount on provision                                                               8,459              5,318

                        Balance at 30 June                                                                             279,281            170,303




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                             95
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        D.5      Provisions and Employee benefits continued


                          KEY ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

                          Restoration and rehabilitation expenditure
                          The Group’s accounting policy for its restoration and rehabilitation closure provisions requires significant estimates
                          and assumptions such as: requirements of the relevant legal and regulatory framework; the magnitude of possible
                          contamination; and the timing, extent and costs of required closure and rehabilitation activity. These uncertainties
                          may result in future actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided. The provision recognised
                          is periodically reviewed and updated based on the facts and circumstances available at the time. Changes to the
                          estimated future costs for operating sites are recognised in the statement of financial position by adjusting both
                          the closure and rehabilitation asset and the provision.

                          Lynas Malaysia production residues




For personal use only
                          On 30 January 2020, the Group announced that The State Government of Pahang has issued its consent to a
                          site for the Permanent Disposal Facility (PDF) for Water Leach Purification (WLP) residue. In additional Lynas
                          Malaysia has appointed Gading Senggara Sdn Bhd (“GSSB”) as the contractor to manage the entire PDF project.
                          The total cost of this project will be MYR 400m (A$ 128.4m). The provision for restoration and rehabilitation has
                          been updated to reflect the present value of the obligation that exists at 30 June 2024. Those costs expected to
                          be due within 12 months have been reflected as current. The unwinding effect of discounting of the provision is
                          recognised as a finance cost.
                          Payments of $26.9m (FY2023: $6.2m) in relation to the discharge of rehabilitation liabilities are recognised in the
                          Statement of Cash Flows as an operating cash outflow.
                          In addition, during FY24, Lynas has re-estimated the cost to permanently store Neutralization Underflow (“NUF”)
                          residue in a Permanent Disposal Facility. As a result, an additional $117.9m has been included in the provision,
                          which represents Lynas’ best estimate of the present value of the rehabilitation obligation relating to NUF on site
                          as at 30 June 2024.
                          The Group has included its best estimate of the timing of these costs within the provision for restoration and
                          rehabilitation at 30 June 2024.




                        Key financial risks associated with other assets and liabilities
                        Credit risk management
                        Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to
                        meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Group’s receivables from customers and related
                        entities. The Group’s exposure to credit risk is primarily in its trade and other receivables and is influenced mainly by
                        the individual characteristics of each customer. Demographically there are no material concentrations of credit risk.
                        Cash and cash deposits are held in banks and financial institutions with A+ credit ratings.

                        Management believes that the Group’s trade and other receivables are collectible in full, based on historical behaviour
                        and extensive analysis of customer credit risk, including underlying customers’ credit ratings if they are applicable.




                        96                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        E. OTHER ITEMS
                        This section includes information on items which require disclosure to comply with Australian Accounting Standards
                        and the Australian Corporations Act 2001. This section includes group structure information and other disclosures.


                        E.1.     Contingent liabilities
                        An amount of US$39.0m (FY23: US$39.0m) has been deposited via a bond for instalments required in accordance
                        with the conditions underlying the granting of the Full Operating Stage Licence to the Group for the LAMP in
                        Malaysia. Should criteria as part of this grant not continue to be met, this amount may be utilised to settle obliga-
                        tions. The Group has determined that the possibility of a material outflow related to these contingent liabilities is
                        remote. Refer to Note D.3 for details of bonds.

                        Litigation and legal proceedings
                        As a result of its operations the Group has certain contingent liabilities related to certain litigation and legal




For personal use only
                        proceedings. The Group has determined that the possibility of a material outflow related to these contingent
                        liabilities is remote.

                        Security and guarantee arrangements
                        Certain members of the Group have entered into guarantee and security arrangements in respect of the Group’s
                        indebtedness as described in Note E.6.


                        E.2.     Leases and other commitments
                        AASB 16 Leases
                        The accounting policies of the Group upon adoption of AASB 16 are as follows:

                        Right of Use assets
                        The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e. the date the underlying asset
                        is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
                        losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount
                        of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commence-
                        ment date less any lease incentives received. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the
                        leased asset at the end of the lease term, the recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis
                        over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term (where the entity does not have a purchase option at
                        the end of the lease term). Right-of-use assets are subject to impairment.

                        Lease liabilities
                        At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of
                        lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-sub-
                        stance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or
                        a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the
                        exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties
                        for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. The variable lease
                        payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period on which the event
                        or condition that triggers the payment occurs. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses
                        the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not
                        readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the
                        accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities
                        is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed lease
                        payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the underlying asset.

                        Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal options
                        The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered
                        by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option
                        to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised. The Group applies judgement in evaluating
                        whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the option to renew. That is, it considers all relevant factors that create
                        an economic incentive for it to exercise the renewal. After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                             97
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to
                        exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew (e.g. a change in business strategy).

                        Short term leases and low-value assets
                        The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and equipment
                        (i.e. those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a
                        purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption (i.e. below US$5,000/A$7,150).
                        Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a straight-line
                        basis over the lease term. No leases meeting the low-value criteria were recognised at 30 June 2023 or 30 June 2024.

                        Exploration commitments

                                                                                                                            As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                          2024                2023




For personal use only
                        Less than one year                                                                                  566                 411
                        Between one and five years                                                                         1,473              2,006
                        More than five years                                                                              3,403               3,861

                        Total                                                                                             5,442               6,278


                        These include commitments relating to tenement lease rentals and the minimum expenditure requirements of
                        the Western Australia Department of Mines and Petroleum attaching to the tenements and are subject to re-nego-
                        tiation upon expiry of the exploration leases or when application for a mining licence is made. These are necessary
                        in order to maintain the tenements in which the Group and other parties are involved. All parties are committed to
                        meet the conditions under which the tenements were granted in accordance with the relevant mining legislation.

                        Capital commitments
                                                                                                                            As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                          2024                2023

                        Less than one year                                                                               152,147            240,207

                        Total                                                                                            152,147            240,207


                        At 30 June 2024 the capital commitments primarily related to the Mt Weld expansion project.




                        98                                                                                                 www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        E.3.      Auditor remuneration
                        The following items of expenditure are included in general and administration expenses:


                                                                                                                                  For the year ended 30 June

                        In A$                                                                                                            2024                 2023

                        Auditor’s remuneration to Ernst & Young (Australia), comprising:
                        Fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the parent covering the group                              341,120             299,120
                        Fees for other services
                          Tax Services                                                                                                        –                      –
                          Other assurance and agreed upon procedures                                                                   23,400                        –
                          Advisory Services                                                                                            52,000                        –




For personal use only
                        Total auditor’s remuneration Ernst & Young (Australia)                                                        416,520             299,120

                        Auditor’s remuneration to Ernst & Young (other locations), comprising:
                        Fees for auditing the financial report of any controlled entities                                             158,080             143,508
                        Fees for other services
                          Tax Services                                                                                                    666               13,240

                        Total auditor’s remuneration Ernst & Young (other locations)                                                  158,746             156,748

                        Total auditor’s remuneration                                                                                 575,266             455,868


                        Other tax service fees paid to EY Australia and other locations in FY2023 and FY2024 relate to completion of tax
                        returns for expatriate employees.


                        E.4.      Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                           Ownership interest
                                                                                                                                             as at 30 June

                                                                                                                     Country of
                        Name of Group entity                     Principal activity                                  incorporation            2024            2023

                        Lynas Malaysia Sdn Bhd                   Operation and development of                        Malaysia                 100%           100%
                                                                 advanced material processing plant
                        Lynas Services Pty Ltd(1)                Provision of corporate services                     Australia                100%           100%
                        Mount Weld Holdings Pty Ltd(1)           Holding company                                     Australia                100%           100%
                        Mount Weld Mining Pty Ltd(1)             Development of mining areas of interest             Australia                100%           100%
                                                                 and operation of concentration plant
                        Lynas Kalgoorlie Pty Ltd(1)              Development of operations in Kalgoorlie             Australia                100%           100%
                        Lynas Africa Holdings Pty Ltd(1)         Holding company                                     Australia                100%           100%

                        Lynas Africa Ltd                         Mineral exploration                                 Malawi                   100%           100%
                        Lynas USA LLC                            Development of processing                           USA                      100%           100%
                                                                 opportunities in USA


                        (1)	Entity has entered into a deed of cross guarantee with Lynas Rare Earths Limited pursuant to ASIC Instrument 2016/785 and is relieved
                             from the requirement to prepare and lodge an audited financial report, as discussed in Note E 6. Entity is also a member of the tax-
                             consolidated group.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                               99
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        E.5.     Parent entity Information
                                                                                                                       As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                     2024                 2023

                        Current assets                                                                              78,023              359,401

                        Total assets                                                                             1,456,722         1,456,589


                        Current liabilities                                                                        (28,763)               (10,193)

                        Total liabilities                                                                         (172,057)            (177,568)

                        Net assets                                                                               1,284,665             1,279,021




For personal use only
                        Share capital                                                                            2,091,089         2,091,089
                        Accumulated deficit                                                                       (1,136,337)          (1,134,814)
                        Reserves                                                                                    329,913             322,746

                        Total shareholders’ equity                                                               1,284,665             1,279,021


                        Loss of the Company                                                                           (1,523)              3,786

                        Total comprehensive loss of the parent Company                                               (1,523)              3,786




                        E.6.     Entities under a Deed of Cross Guarantee
                        Pursuant to ASIC Instrument 2016/785 (as amended) dated August 13, 1998, the wholly-owned Australian subsidiaries
                        of Lynas Rare Earths Limited are relieved from the Corporations Act 2001 requirements for preparation, audit and
                        lodgement of financial reports, and Director’s reports.

                        It is a condition of the Class Order that the Company and each of the subsidiaries enter into a Deed of Cross
                        Guarantee. The effect of the Deed is that the Company guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in the
                        event of winding up of any of the subsidiaries under certain provisions of the Corporations Act 2001. If a winding up
                        event occurs under any other provision of the Act, the Company will only be liable in the event that after six months
                        any creditor has not been paid in full. The subsidiaries have also given similar guarantees in the event that the
                        Company is wound-up. The subsidiaries in addition to the Company subject to the deed are specified in Note E.4.

                        A statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position, comprising the Company and controlled
                        entities which are party to the Deed, after eliminating all transactions between parties to the Deed of Cross
                        Guarantee is presented as follows:




                        100                                                                                           www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                             As at 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                           2024                2023

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                        267,779             689,433
                        Trade and other receivables                                       60,548              132,756
                        Inventories                                                       41,804              37,508

                        Total current assets                                             370,131             859,697

                        Inventories                                                         11,169            12,882
                        Property, plant and equipment                                    1,339,611           825,867
                        Deferred exploration, evaluation and development expenditure      73,984              49,693




For personal use only
                        Investments in subsidiaries                                      375,080             375,080
                        Other assets                                                      72,903               69,137

                        Total non-current assets                                       1,872,747         1,332,659

                        Total assets                                                   2,242,878         2,192,356

                        Trade and other payables                                         46,407               49,041
                        Interest payable                                                        –                265
                        Borrowings                                                        28,544              10,004
                        Employee benefits                                                  5,442               4,524
                        Lease liability                                                    4,975               4,433
                        Intercompany payables                                            431,504             423,843

                        Total current liabilities                                        516,872             492,110

                        Provisions                                                        75,993              64,046
                        Employee benefits                                                    468                1,414
                        Lease liability                                                     7,159              8,447
                        Borrowings                                                       143,294              167,375

                        Total non-current liabilities                                    226,914             241,282

                        Total liabilities                                               743,786              733,391

                        Net assets                                                     1,499,092         1,458,964

                        Share capital                                                  2,091,089         2,091,089
                        Accumulated deficit                                             (777,560)            (810,521)
                        Reserves                                                         185,563             178,396

                        Total equity                                                   1,499,092         1,458,964




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                              101
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        E.6      Entities under a Deed of Cross Guarantee continued

                        Statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                                              For the year ended 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                   2024             2023

                        Revenue                                                                                   167,254          217,288
                        Cost of sales                                                                            (109,424)        (116,890)

                        Gross profit                                                                              57,830          100,398

                        Other income / (expenses)                                                                      13             (232)
                        Foreign exchange gains / (losses)                                                          3,965            12,182




For personal use only
                        General and administration expenses net of recoveries                                    (34,016)          (27,076)
                        Impairment charges                                                                         (1,070)                 –

                        Profit from operating activities                                                          26,722           85,272

                        Financial income                                                                          26,926            27,220
                        Financial expenses                                                                        (2,804)              (64)

                        Net financial income                                                                      24,122            27,156

                        Profit before income tax                                                                 50,844            112,427

                        Income tax expense                                                                        (17,883)         (34,947)

                        Profit for the year from continuing operations                                            32,961           77,480

                        Other comprehensive loss, net of income tax
                        Exchange differences on foreign currency transactions                                           –                  –

                        Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                –                  –

                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                   32,961           77,480




                        E.7.     Employee costs and share based payments
                        The following items are gross employee costs before recoveries included in general and administration expenses:


                                                                                                              For the year ended 30 June

                        In A$’000                                                                                   2024             2023

                        Wages and salaries                                                                        67,762            66,733
                        Superannuation and pension contributions                                                   8,048            6,808
                        Employee remuneration settled through share-based payments                                  7,167            7,210
                        Other                                                                                       1,095            1,600

                        Total employee costs                                                                     84,072            82,351




                        102                                                                                         www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Share-based remuneration benefits are provided to employees via a variety of schemes which are further set out below.

                        The fair values of the performance rights granted under these various schemes are recognised as an employee
                        benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The fair value is measured at the grant date and recognised
                        over the period during which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the performance rights. The fair
                        value at grant date is independently determined using a performance right pricing model that takes into account
                        the exercise price, the term of the performance right, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and
                        expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for the
                        term of the performance right.

                        The fair value of the performance right granted is measured to reflect the expected market vesting conditions,
                        but excludes the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, profitability and production targets).
                        Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of performance rights that are
                        expected to become exercisable. At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of
                        performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. The employee benefits expense recognised each period
                        takes into account the most recent estimate. The impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, is recognised in




For personal use only
                        the statement of comprehensive income as a component of profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

                        Key management personnel compensation
                        The aggregate compensation made to the Directors and other members of KMP of the Group is set out below:


                                                                                                                  For the year ended 30 June

                        In A$                                                                                          2024              2023

                        Short-term employee benefits                                                               7,524,084        6,734,092
                        Long-term employee benefits                                                                   44,323           42,632
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                     308,915          275,468
                        Share based payments                                                                       4,007,134         3,620,178

                        Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                       11,884,456       10,672,370


                        The compensation of each member of the KMP of the Group for the current and prior year is set out within the
                        Remuneration Report. All transactions with these related parted have been considered and included in the report.

                        The share-based payments amount represents the impact of amortising the accounting value of options and perfor-
                        mance rights over their vesting periods including the impact of forfeitures recognised during the period. At times, a
                        negative value may be presented which results from the forfeitures recognised in the period (which may relate also
                        to earlier periods) are greater than the accounting expense for the current portion of the vesting period.

                        Employee share options and performance rights
                        The Group has established an employee share plan whereby, at the discretion of Directors, performance rights may
                        be granted over the ordinary shares of the Company for the benefit of Directors, Executives and certain employees
                        of the Group. The performance rights are granted in accordance with performance guidelines established by the
                        Nomination, Remuneration and Community Committee. Other than short term incentives, each performance right is
                        convertible into one ordinary share of the Company during the two years following the vesting date, which is the third
                        anniversary of the grant date. The performance rights hold no voting or dividend rights and are not transferrable.

                        Performance rights are granted for the benefit of Key Management Personnel (“KMP”) and other selected
                        employees to provide greater alignment to our strategic business objectives. KMP are those people who have
                        authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the Group, directly or
                        indirectly, including any Executive Director of the Group and the Executives. At year end, the Executives include
                        the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Group’s General Counsel &
                        Company Secretary, Vice President – Major Projects and Vice President – Malaysia.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                         103
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        E.7      Employee costs and share based payments continued

                        Movements in employee performance rights during the year

                                                                      For the year ended 30 June 2024        For the year ended 30 June 2023

                                                                        Number of           Weighted           Number of             Weighted
                                                                      performance              average       performance                average
                                                                            rights       exercise price            rights         exercise price
                                                                             (‘000)                  ($)            (‘000)                    ($)

                        Balance at beginning of year                   3,502,515                0.00          3,730,556                  0.00
                        Granted during the year                        1,857,406                0.00           1,339,227                 0.00
                        Exercised during the year                      (902,708)                0.00          (1,268,124)                0.00




For personal use only
                        Forfeited during the year                      (838,040)                0.00           (299,144)                 0.00
                        Balance at end of year                          3,619,173               0.00          3,502,515                  0.00

                        Vested and exercisable at end of year           208,856                 0.00           429,887                   0.00


                        During the year ended 30 June 2024 the Group recognised net share based payment expense of $7.2m (FY23: $7.2m)
                        within the profit and loss component of the statement of comprehensive income. The employee performance rights
                        outstanding at the end of the year had a nil exercise price and a weighted average remaining contractual life of
                        444 days (FY23: 385 days). The performance rights exercised during the year had a weighted average share price on
                        exercise date of $6.98 (FY23: $7.86).

                        Performance rights granted in the period
                        STI Grants
                        Under the STI Plan, Executive KMP can earn an annual incentive based on performance during the year.

                        STI Plan performance conditions align with Lynas’ annual operational and financial goals. The performance
                        conditions are chosen to incentivise performance that is consistent with desired business outcomes and which
                        contributes to longer term growth in shareholder value.

                        For the year ended 30 June 2024, in addition to the Executive KMP, three members of the Lynas Leadership Team
                        and thirty three senior employees who are critical to the delivery of Lynas’ short-term operational and financial goals
                        were invited to participate in the STI Plan.

                        STI performance rights are subject to a vesting condition of continued employment at Lynas for a period of
                        12 months after the grant date.




                        104                                                                                                www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        LTI Grants
                        For the CEO, other Executive KMP and Lynas Leadership Team, three vesting conditions apply to the LTI grants made
                        during FY24:
                           • Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
                           • Strategic Targets
                           • Sustainability

                        Relative TSR –         Relative TSR is assessed over a three year period from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2026, relative to other
                        50% weighting          companies in the ASX50 - 150 index (Peer Group Companies). For any performance rights to vest
                                               under the TSR vesting condition, Lynas’ performance must be equal to or greater than the 51%
                                               percentile of Peer Group Companies.
                                               The percentage of the performance rights that may vest is determined as follows:




For personal use only
                                               Lynas TSR Ranking across the TSR Period                Proportion of Performance Rights that vest

                                               Below 51st percentile                                  0%
                                               At the 51st percentile                                 50%
                                               Between the 51st percentile                            Between 50% and 100% as determined on
                                               and the 76th percentile                                a linear basis (rounded to the nearest 5%)
                                               At or above 76th percentile                            100%


                        Strategic Targets      The Strategic Target vesting condition is that by 30 June 2026:
                        – 40% weighting           • Lynas can sustain production at 10,500tpa NdPr.
                                               50% of the performance rights will vest upon demonstrating production at 10,500tpa with
                                               pro-rata increase in vesting on delivering installed capacity of greater than 10,500 tpa NdPr up
                                               to 12,000 tpa NdPr

                        Sustainability         The Sustainability Target vesting condition is that by 30 June 2026, Lynas delivers installed renewable
                        Target – 10%           energy capacity at Mt Weld with capacity to achieve greater than 50% of the energy requirements at
                        weighting              Mt Weld.


                        In accordance with the Group’s policy that governs trading of the Company’s shares by Directors and employees,
                        Directors and employees are not permitted to hedge their options or performance rights before the options vest.

                        The performance rights granted during the financial year had a weighted average fair value of $5.84 (FY23: $7.466)
                        and were priced using volume-weighted average share prices, Monte Carlo and Binomial valuation methodologies.
                        Where relevant the expected life used in the model has been adjusted based on management’s best estimate
                        for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions (including the probability of meeting market conditions
                        attached to the option), and behavioural considerations. Expected volatility is based on the historical share price
                        volatility over the past three years and peer volatility.


                                                    PRs issued to employees other than CEO                          PRs issued to CEO

                                                   Series BV        Series BW      Series BX & BY       Series BZ        Series CA      Series CB & CC

                        Grant date                8 Nov 2023        8 Nov 2023       8 Nov 2023       29 Nov 2023       29 Nov 2023      29 Nov 2023
                        Fair Value per right          $6.91             $4.42            $6.91            $6.62             $3.84            $6.62
                        Exercise price                $0.00             $0.00            $0.00            $0.00             $0.00            $0.00
                        Dividend yield                  Nil             0.36%              Nil              Nil             0.38%              Nil
                        Expected volatility            45%               45%              45%              45%               45%              45%
                        Risk-free Rate                4.17%             4.17%            4.17%           4.04%             4.04%            4.04%
                        Expiry date               31 Aug 2024       31 Aug 2028      31 Aug 2028      31 Aug 2024       31 Aug 2028      31 Aug 2028




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                 105
                        Financial Statements
                        Notes to the Financial Statements continued




                        E.7      Employee costs and share based payments continued

                        Performance rights still to vest or yet to expire
                        Performance rights are issued on the same terms as options, except there is no consideration payable on exercise.
                        The following table lists any performance rights which are still to vest, or have yet to expire.


                                                                                                                                      Value per
                                                                                                                                   performance
                                                                                Date vested                           Exercise          right at
                        Series             Grant date        Number          and exercisable            Expiry date      price       grant date

                        BI        26 November 2020            208,856     09 September 2023     09 September 2025       $ 0.00            $2.50
                        BL        20 September 2021            155,847         31 August 2024        31 August 2026     $ 0.00            $5.23
                        BM        20 September 2021            155,847         31 August 2024        31 August 2026     $ 0.00            $7.60




For personal use only
                        BO         29 November 2021            88,487          31 August 2024        31 August 2026     $ 0.00            $5.68
                        BP         29 November 2021            88,487          31 August 2024        31 August 2026     $ 0.00            $8.57
                        BS           17 February 2023         427,245         25 August 2025        25 August 2027      $ 0.00            $8.29
                        BT           17 February 2023         427,245         25 August 2025        25 August 2027      $ 0.00            $4.50
                        BU        29 November 2022            128,804         25 August 2025        25 August 2027      $ 0.00            $8.54
                        BV        29 November 2022            128,804         25 August 2025        25 August 2027      $ 0.00            $4.97
                        BV         13 November 2023            291,268        24 August 2024        24 August 2024      $ 0.00             $6.91
                        BW         13 November 2023            556,155         31 August 2026       25 August 2028      $ 0.00            $4.42
                        BX         13 November 2023           444,939          31 August 2026       25 August 2028      $ 0.00             $6.91
                        BY        13 November 2023              111,246       31 August 2026       25 August 2028       $ 0.00            $6.91
                        BZ        29 November 2023              83,418       24 August 2024        24 August 2024       $ 0.00            $6.62
                        CA        29 November 2023             161,263        31 August 2026       25 August 2028       $ 0.00            $3.84
                        CB        29 November 2023             129,010        31 August 2026       25 August 2028       $ 0.00            $6.62
                        CC        29 November 2023              32,253       24 August 2024        24 August 2024       $ 0.00            $6.62

                        Total                                3,619,174


                        E.8.     Other items
                        New and revised standards and interpretations
                        Standards and Interpretations affecting amounts reported
                        The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are consistent with those
                        of the previous financial year, except for the adoption of new standards and interpretations effective as of 1 July 2023.

                        Several amendments to accounting standards applies for the first time in the current year. However, the adoption
                        of these new amendments to accounting standards did not have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated
                        financial statements.

                        Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted
                        No Australian Accounting Standards issued but not yet mandatory for the financial year ending 30 June 2024 have
                        been early adopted.

                        The Group is currently assessing the impact of the following new standard on current presentation and disclosures.

                        AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (effective from 1 January 2027)
                        This replaces AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements. The key presentation and disclosure requirements
                        established under the new standard are the presentation of newly defined subtotals in the statement of compre-
                        hensive income, the disclosure of management-defined performance measures and enhanced requirements for
                        grouping information.

                        The adoption of remaining Australian Accounting Standards issued but not yet mandatory when effective is not
                        expected to have a material impact on the Group consolidated financial statements in future periods.



                        106                                                                                               www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        E.9.       Subsequent events
                        On 22 July 2024, Lynas announced the signing of contracts with Zenith Energy (“Zenith”), a leading independent
                        power provider, for the supply of power from a gas-firmed hybrid renewable power station to Lynas’ Mt Weld mine
                        and concentration plant, near Laverton, Western Australia. Upon completion the new hybrid power station will have
                        approximately 65MW total installed capacity comprising a 24MW Wind Farm (4 wind turbines), a 7MW solar PV farm,
                        and a 12MW/12MWh Battery Energy Storage System (BESS). This renewable facility will be supported by a 17MW high
                        efficiency gas fired power station. To provide redundancy in the back-up system for our 24/7 operation, 5MW of diesel
                        standby generation will be installed.

                        On 5 August 2024 Lynas announced the release of an updated Mt Weld Rare Earth Mineral Resource Statement
                        which shows a significant increase in tonnage and contained TREO compared to the 2018 Mineral Resources and
                        Ore Reserves Statement.11

                        The Ore Reserve update will support:
                             • a >35 year mine life at production rates for sufficient concentrate feedstock for production capacity of 7,200




For personal use only
                                tpa NdPr (Neodymium Praseodymium) oxide finished product; and
                             • a >20 year mine life at expanded production rates for sufficient concentrate feedstock for production capacity of
                                12,000tpa of NdPr oxide finished product in line with Mt Weld expansion capacity (currently under construction).

                        Key highlights of the announcement include:
                             • 92% increase in Mineral Resources from 55.4 Mt to 106.6 Mt at 4.12% Total Rare Earth Oxide (TREO) from
                                30 June 2018 to 30 June 2024.
                             • 63% increase in Ore Reserves from 19.7 Mt to 32.0 Mt at 6.44% TREO from 30 June 2018 to 30 June 2024.
                             • 46% increase in contained TREO compared to the August 2018 Mineral Resources estimate, adding resources
                                and replacing depletion.
                             • Updated Ore Reserve supports >20 year mine life at expanded production rates for sufficient concentrate
                                feedstock for production capacity of 12,000tpa of NdPr oxide finished product in line with Mt Weld expansion
                                capacity (currently under construction).
                             • Ore reserves have a 92% increase in contained Dysprosium oxide from 30 June 2018 to 30 June 2024. All heavy rare
                                earth element grades, including Terbium oxide, are now reported in the ore reserves statement.
                             • Stored tailings are added to the Ore Reserve as the Mt Weld expansion flowsheet has capability for fine grinding,
                                enabling reprocessing to recover historical coarse losses of rare earth minerals.
                             • An increased inferred resource inventory primed for future infill drilling to indicated mineral resource and
                                reserve growth.

                        With the exception of the above, there have been no other events subsequent to 30 June 2024 that would require
                        accrual or disclosure in this financial report.



                        CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
                                                                                           Body Corporate
                                                                                           country of                  % of share    Country of
                        Name of Group entity                       Entity Type             incorporation              capital held   tax residence

                        Lynas Malaysia Sdn Bhd                     Body Corporate          Malaysia                      100%        Malaysia
                        Lynas Services Pty Ltd                     Body Corporate          Australia                     100%        Australia
                        Mount Weld Holdings Pty Ltd                Body Corporate          Australia                     100%        Australia
                        Mount Weld Mining Pty Ltd                  Body Corporate          Australia                     100%        Australia
                        Lynas Kalgoorlie Pty Ltd                   Body Corporate          Australia                     100%        Australia
                        Lynas Africa Holdings Pty Ltd              Body Corporate          Australia                     100%        Australia
                        Lynas Africa Ltd                           Body Corporate          Malawi                        100%        Malawi
                        Lynas USA LLC                              Body Corporate          USA                           100%        N/A


                        11
                             Refer to announcement on 5 August 2024 “2024 Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Update”:
                             https://wcsecure.weblink.com.au/pdf/LYC/02835257.pdf




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                               107
                        Mineral Resources and
                        Ore Reserves
                        as at 30 June 2024

                        1.      MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT ORE RESERVES 2024
                        The Ore Reserve estimation for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is shown in Table 1, reported above a cut-off grade
                        of 2.8% Total Rare Earth Oxides (TREO).




For personal use only
                        TABLE 1: MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT ORE RESERVES 2024

                                                                                                      MILLION                      TREO                CONTAINED REO
                        JORC CLASSIFICATION                                                           TONNES                         %                  ‘000 TONNES

                        Ore Reserves within Pit boundary
                        Proved                                                                          18.7                         7.2                     1,340
                        Probable                                                                        10.8                        4.5                       490

                        Designed Pit Total                                                              29.5                         6.2                     1,830

                        On Stockpiles
                        Proved                                                                            1.0                       12.2                       120
                        Probable                                                                         0.0                        0.0                           0

                        Stockpiles Total                                                                  1.0                       12.2                       120

                        Total Ore Reserves
                        Proved                                                                           21.2                        7.4                     1,580
                        Probable                                                                        10.8                        4.5                       490

                        Total                                                                           32.0                        6.4                     2,060

                        *	TREO = total Rare Earth Oxides (La2O3, CeO2, Pr6O11, Nd2O3, Sm2O3, Eu2O3, Gd2O3, Tb4O7, Dy2O3, Ho2O3, Er2O3, Tm2O3, Yb2O3, Lu2O3) + Yttrium (Y2O3).
                           Totals may not balance due to rounding of figures.


                        Note:
                        The Ore Reserves for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is as of June 30, 2024. The 2024 Ore Reserve update is based upon
                        the 2024 Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimate. Full details of the 2024 Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve are
                        reported in the ASX announcement dated August 5, 2024, titled “2024 Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Updated:
                        Lynas announces a 92% increase in Mineral Resources and a 63% increase in Mt Weld Ore – with a significant increase
                        in contained heavy rare earth mineralisation”. The Company confirms that all material assumptions and technical
                        parameters set out in the 2024 Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve dated August 5, 2024 continue to apply and have not
                        materially changed. The stockpiles were estimated using survey volumes of the stockpiles and grades assigned to the
                        stockpiles by the grade control process. The grade control processes were carried out by experienced Lynas geological
                        staff and reviewed by Lynas competent person, Dr Ganesh Bhat. Tailings were estimated using survey volumes, with
                        grades and bulk density determined by daily sampling by the Lynas metallurgical laboratory on site. The volume
                        surveys have been carried out by Mr Bradley Hughes, an employee of Lynas Rare Earths.




                        108                                                                                                                      www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        2. MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT MINERAL RESOURCES 2024
                        The Mineral Resource estimation for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is shown in Table 2, reported above a cut-off of
                        2.5% Total Rare Earth Oxides (TREO).

                        TABLE 2: MT WELD RARE EARTH DEPOSIT MINERAL RESOURCES 2024

                                                                                                      MILLION                      TREO                CONTAINED REO
                        JORC CLASSIFICATION                                                           TONNES                         %                  ‘000 TONNES

                        Insitu
                        Measured                                                                        20.0                        7.17                     1,435
                        Indicated                                                                        15.5                      4.25                       660
                        Inferred                                                                         71.1                      3.23                      2,295




For personal use only
                        Subtotal                                                                       106.6                       4.12                     4,390

                        On Stockpiles
                        Measured                                                                        1.49                        11.9                       177

                        Subtotal                                                                        1.49                        11.9                       177

                        Tailings
                        Measured                                                                          1.5                      7.64                         117

                        Subtotal                                                                          1.5                      7.64                         117

                        Total Mineral Resources
                        Measured                                                                        23.0                        7.51                     1,729
                        Indicated                                                                        15.5                      4.25                       660
                        Inferred                                                                         71.1                      3.23                      2,295

                        Total                                                                          109.6                       4.28                     4,684

                        *	TREO = total Rare Earth Oxides (La2O3, CeO2, Pr6O11, Nd2O3, Sm2O3, Eu2O3, Gd2O3, Tb4O7, Dy2O3, Ho2O3, Er2O3, Tm2O3, Yb2O3, Lu2O3) + Yttrium (Y2O3).
                           Totals may not balance due to rounding of figures.
                           Mineral Resources have been reported above a cut-off of 2.5% TREO. The Mineral Resources are inclusive of Ore Reserves.


                        Notes:
                        1.   The Mineral Resource estimation for the Mt Weld Rare Earth Deposit is as of June 30, 2024. The company
                             confirms that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimated Mineral
                             Resources set out in the ASX announcement dated August 5, 2024 continue to apply and have not materially
                             changed. The exceptions are the inclusion of stockpiled material as a Measured Resource.
                        2.   The contained REO in Tailings has been corrected to 117,000 tonnes. The ASX announcement August 5, 2024
                             reported 17,764 tonnes.




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                                     109
                        Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves




                        3. NIOBIUM RICH RARE METALS MINERAL RESOURCES
                        The Mineral Resource estimation for the niobium rich rare metals prospect referred to as the Niobium Rich Rare
                        Metals Project is shown in Table 3. The Rare Metals Project is located at Mt Weld.

                        TABLE 3: CLASSIFICATION OF MINERAL RESOURCES FOR THE NIOBIUM RICH RARE METALS PROJECT

                                                       MILLION        Ta2O5      Nb2O5        TREO         ZrO         P2O5         Y2O3       TiO2
                        CATEGORY                       TONNES            %          %            %           %           %            %          %

                        Measured                              0          0             0          0          0           0            0           0
                        Indicated                           1.5      0.037           1.4       1.65       0.32         8.9           0.1        5.8
                        Inferred                           36.2      0.024         1.06        1.14        0.3        7.96         0.09        3.94

                        Total                              37.7      0.024         1.07        1.16         0.3       7.99         0.09        4.01




For personal use only
                        Notes:
                        1.    All figures are percentages. Ta2O5 Tantalum Oxide, Nb2O5 Niobium Oxide, TREO Total Rare Earth Oxide, ZrO zirconia,
                              P2O5 Phosphate, Y2O3 yttria, TiO2 titanium oxide.
                        2.    The Mineral Resource estimation for the niobium rich rare metals is as per ASX announcement dated October 6, 2004.
                              Lynas Corp confirms that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimated Mineral
                              Resources continue to apply and have not materially changed. Figures in the table may not sum due to rounding.
                        There have been no changes to the Niobium Rich Rare Metals Project Mineral Resource since the previous reporting period.

                        Note on governance arrangements and internal controls:
                        All Lynas Mineral Resource and Reserve estimations are compiled by experienced competent persons. An inde-
                        pendent consultant, Mining Plus, was engaged to prepare the Mineral Resource Estimate (excluding the Niobium
                        rich rare metals project resource). Mineral Reserve Estimates are prepared by experienced competent persons who
                        are employees of Mt Weld Mining Pty Ltd. The relevant Competent Person ensures that all aspects of the Mineral
                        Resource estimations or the Ore Reserve estimations (as applicable) meet the JORC code requirements.

                        COMPETENT PERSON’S STATEMENTS– MINERAL RESOURCES
                        The mineral resource and geology information in this report that relates to the 2024 Mineral Resources is based
                        on information compiled by Dr Ganesh Bhat. Dr Bhat is the Principal Geologist to Lynas Rare Earths. Dr Bhat is a
                        Member of The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. Dr. Bhat has sufficient experience relevant to the
                        style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify
                        as Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results,
                        Mineral Resources, and Ore Reserves (JORC Code). Dr Bhat consents to the disclosure of information in this report in
                        the form and context in which it appears.
                        The information in this report that relates to the 2024 Mineral Resources is based on information compiled by Marcelle
                        Watson. Ms Watson is the Geology Manager within Lynas Rare Earths. Ms Watson is a Member of The Australasian Institute
                        of Mining and Metallurgy and has sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
                        consideration and to the activity which she is undertaking to qualify as Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition
                        of the Australasian Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, and Ore Reserves (JORC Code).
                        Ms Watson consents to the disclosure of information in this report in the form and context in which it appears.
                        The information in this report that relates to the Niobium Rich Rare Metals Project is based on information compiled by
                        Dr Ganesh Bhat. Dr Bhat is the Principal Geologist to Lynas Rare Earths. Dr. Bhat is a Member of The Australasian Institute
                        of Mining and Metallurgy, AUSIMM. Dr. Bhat has sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of
                        deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as Competent Person as defined in the
                        2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, and Ore Reserves (JORC
                        Code). Dr. Bhat consents to the disclosure of information in this report in the form and context in which it appears.

                        COMPETENT PERSON’S STATEMENTS– ORE RESERVES
                        The reserves information in this public statement that relates to the Mt Weld Rare Earths Project is based on works
                        carried out by the Lynas Rare Earths mine planning team led by Mr Brett Hampel. Mr Hampel is a Member of the
                        Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisa-
                        tion and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity that he is undertaking to qualify him as a Competent
                        Person as defined in accordance with the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC).
                        Mr Hampel consents to the inclusion in the document of the information in the form and context in which it appears.




                        110                                                                                                   www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        Additional Information
                        Additional information required by the Australian Securities Exchange Ltd and not shown elsewhere in this report.
                        The information is current as at 1 September 2024.


                        (a)       DISTRIBUTION OF ORDINARY SHARES
                        The number of shareholders by size of holding of ordinary shares is:




For personal use only
                                                                                                              Number           Percentage
                        Holdings Ranges                                                   Holders            of Shares           of Shares

                        1–1,000                                                            26,725           11,696,541               1.250
                        1,001–5,000                                                        17,698         44,560,050                4.770
                        5,001–10,000                                                           4,355       32,516,675               3.480
                        10,001–100,000                                                         3,451      82,881,694                8.870
                        100,001 and over                                                        188      763,063,224               81.640

                        Totals                                                             52,417        934,718,184               100.00

                        The number of shareholders holding less than
                        a marketable parcel of shares                                          1,695          63,047                0.010


                        (b)       DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEE OPTIONS/PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                        There are 5,658,806 unlisted employee options / performance rights. The number of beneficial holders, by size of
                        holding, of employee options / performance rights are:


                        Holdings Ranges                                                                                            Holders

                        1–1,000                                                                                                            2
                        1,001–5,000                                                                                                        4
                        5,001–10,000                                                                                                       5
                        10,001–100,000                                                                                                 40
                        100,001–999,999,999                                                                                                18

                        Total                                                                                                          69




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                      111
                        Additional Information




                        (C)     Twenty Largest Shareholders
                        The names of the twenty largest holders of quoted shares are:


                                                                                                  Listed Ordinary Shares

                                                                                                     Number           % of
                                                                                                    of Shares       Shares

                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                279,810,935      29.935%
                        J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                188,323,930      20.148%
                        CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                             115,973,915     12.407%
                        JAPAN AUSTRALIA RARE EARTHS BV                                             31,233,027       3.341%
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <CLEARSTREAM>                                22,925,666       2.453%




For personal use only
                        NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                  17,018,328       1.821%
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                   15,976,081       1.709%
                        ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                    8,479,221      0.907%
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                          8,266,822       0.884%
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>     6,758,946       0.723%
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                          4,771,226       0.510%
                        CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>               4,660,281       0.499%
                        NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                           2,776,514      0.297%
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT>                     2,759,339       0.295%
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                    2,473,405       0.265%
                        AMANDA MARGARET LACAZE (DIRECT & INDIRECT)                                  2,325,616      0.249%
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD                                                   1,912,988      0.205%
                        MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                       1,855,000       0.198%
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                  1,832,878        0.196%
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                   1,738,221       0.186%

                        TOTAL                                                                    721,872,340      77.229%




                        112                                                                          www.LynasRareEarths.com
                        (d)           SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
                        The names of substantial shareholders who have notified the Company in accordance with section 671B of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 are:


                                                                                                                                                Relevant Interest in
                                                                                                                                             Listed Ordinary Shares

                             1    Australian Super Pty Ltd                                                                                                79,409,668
                             2    State Street Corporation and subsidiaries                                                                                 69,510,995
                             3    Challenger Limited and its entities                                                                                       67,242,613
                             4    Mrs Georgina Hope Rinehart, Hancock Prospecting Pty Ltd and subsidiaries of HPPL1                                         66,768,635
                             5    Ausbil Investment Management Limited                                                                                    48,086,852
                             6    Greencape Capital Pty Ltd                                                                                               48,033,869




For personal use only
                             7    JPMorgan Chase & Co and its affiliates                                                                                    47,748,278
                             8    Australian Super Pty Ltd                                                                                                  66,768,635

                        Notes:
                        1.   Ms Bianca Hope Rinehart in her capacity as trustee of the Hope Margaret Hancock Trust filed a substantial holder notice on 26 July
                             2024 in respect of 66,768,635 shares which were the subject of the substantial holding notice lodged by Mrs Rinehart, HPPL and
                             subsidiaries of HPPL on 24 July 2024 on the basis that a relevant interest arises by virtue of the operation of section 608(3)(a) of the
                             Corporations Act.


                        (e)           VOTING RIGHTS
                        All ordinary shares (whether fully paid or not) carry one vote per share without restriction. No other class of equity
                        securities carries voting rights unless converted into ordinary shares.


                        (f)           SCHEDULE OF INTERESTS IN MINING TENEMENTS
                                                                                                                Tenement                      Percentage Held

                        Mt Weld Rare Earths Project
                        Mt Weld                                                                                  M38/58                               100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                  M38/59                               100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                  M38/326                              100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                  M38/327                              100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                 E38/2224                              100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                  L38/224                              100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                   L38/98                              100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                  L38/327                              100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                  L38/361                              100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                  G38/34                               100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                   G38/35                              100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                  G38/36                               100
                        Mt Weld                                                                                   G38/37                              100

                        Kalgoorlie Rare Earths Processing Facility
                        Kalgoorlie                                                                               G26/169                              100




                                 Design & Production > APM Graphics Management > 1800 806 930




                        Lynas Rare Earths Limited | 2024 Annual Report                                                                                                  113
                        CORPORATE DIRECTORY
                        ABN 27 009 066 648




                        Directors
                        John Humphrey
                        Amanda Lacaze
                        John Beevers
                        Philippe Etienne
                        Vanessa Guthrie
                        Grant Murdoch


                        Registered Office




For personal use only
                        Level 4, 1 Howard St
                        Perth WA 6000

                        p +61 8 6241 3800
                        e general@lynasre.com


                        Company Secretary
                        Sarah Leonard


                        Share Register
                        Boardroom Pty Ltd

                        Level 8, 210 George Street
                        Sydney NSW 2000

                        p 1300 737 760 (in Australia)
                          +61 2 9290 9600 (International)
                        e enquiries@boardroomlimited.com.au


                        Auditors
                        Ernst & Young

                        200 George Street
                        Sydney NSW 2000 Australia




                        w LynasRareEarths.com
