For personal use only
                        ABN: 27 073 391 189


                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        ANNUAL REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                  1
                        CONTENTS



                             Corporate Directory                                                        3
                             Directors’ Report                                                          4
                             Auditor’s Independence Declaration                                        21
                             Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income   22
                             Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                              23
                             Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                               24
                             Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                      25
                             Notes to the Financial Statements                                         26
                             Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement                                  50
                             Directors’ Declaration                                                    51
                             Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Argosy Minerals Limited    52
                             Additional Information                                                    60




For personal use only




                                                                                                            2
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        CORPORATE DIRECTORY
                        31 DECEMBER 2025


                        DIRECTORS
                        Mr Jerko Zuvela            Managing Director
                        Mr Malcolm Randall         Non-Executive Chairman
                        Mr Bruce McFadzean         Non-Executive Director

                        Ms Andrea Betti            Non-Executive Director



                        COMPANY SECRETARY                                   SHARE REGISTRY

                        Ms Andrea Betti                                     Automic Registry Services

                                                                            Level 5, 191 St Georges Terrace

                        REGISTERED OFFICE                                   PERTH WA 6000




For personal use only
                        Level 2, 22 Mount Street                            Ph: +61 8 9323 2000

                        Perth WA 6000                                       Fax: +61 8 9323 2033

                        Ph: +61 8 6188 8181

                                                                            STOCK EXCHANGE

                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                         Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)

                        Level 2, 22 Mount Street                            Code: AGY

                        Perth WA 6000

                                                                            WEBSITE

                        SOLICITORS                                          www.argosyminerals.com.au

                        Nixon Legal Pty Ltd



                        AUDITORS

                        Pitcher Partners BA&A Pty Ltd

                        Level 11, 12-14 The Esplanade

                        PERTH WA 6000




                                                                                                                   3
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        The directors present their report, together with the financial statements, on the consolidated entity
                        (referred to hereafter as the 'Group') consisting of Argosy Minerals Limited (referred to hereafter as the
                        'Company', 'parent entity' or ‘Argosy’) and the entities it controlled for the financial year ended 31
                        December 2025.

                        DIRECTORS

                        The following persons were directors of Argosy Minerals Limited during the whole of the financial year and
                        up to the date of this report, unless otherwise stated:

                        NAME OF PERSON            POSITION
                        Mr Jerko Zuvela           Managing Director
                        Mr Malcolm Randall        Non-Executive Chairman
                        Mr Bruce McFadzean        Non-Executive Director
                        Ms Andrea Betti           Non-Executive Director




For personal use only
                        Mr Peter De Leo           Non-Executive Director (resigned 20 February 2026)

                        PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

                        The principal activity of the Group during the period was the development of the Rincon Lithium Project in
                        Argentina and exploration of the Tonopah Lithium Project in the United States of America (USA). No
                        significant change in the nature of this activity occurred during the financial year.

                        DIVIDENDS

                        There were no dividends paid, recommended or declared during the current or previous financial year.


                        REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
                        Operating Result
                        The net profit for the Group after providing for income tax amounted to $4,007,235 (31 December 2024:
                        $15,450,292 loss).

                        The net profit is largely attributable to the reversal of impairment recognised on the Rincon Lithium Project,
                        and the Group’s share of Puna Mining S.A. (‘Puna’) profit, which is accounted for using the equity method.
                        Foreign exchange gains make up the majority of Puna’s profit for the year. There are additional losses
                        relating to exchange differences arising from translation of foreign operations to Australian dollars.



                        Operations

                        Argosy has a current 77.5% (and ultimate 90%) interest in the Rincon Lithium Project. The Rincon Lithium
                        Project is the flagship asset in Argosy’s lithium development strategy, and is located in Salta Province,
                        Argentina. The Company also has a 100% interest in the Tonopah Lithium Project in Nevada, USA.

                        The milestones achieved during the Reporting Period establish that Argosy is delivering on its lithium
                        development strategy and remains confident of achieving key upcoming milestones. Argosy is committed
                        to building a sustainable lithium production company, highly leveraged to the forecast growth in the
                        lithium-ion battery sector.




                                                                                                                                    4
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        Rincon Lithium Project




For personal use only
                                                  Argosy Minerals Limited – Rincon Lithium Project Location Map

                        The Rincon Lithium Project is the flagship asset in Argosy’s lithium development strategy, and is located
                        within the Salar del Rincon in Salta Province, Argentina, in the world renowned “lithium triangle”. The
                        Project comprises up to 8,606 hectares of mining concessions and mining easement right landholdings. The
                        Company has established a well-defined pathway to target commercial production of LCE product.

                        During the reporting period and to date, the Group progressed key works at the Rincon Lithium Project,
                        including;

                            ✓   Updated the hydrogeological dynamic model, increasing mine-life/brine abstraction capacity,
                                utilising the upgraded Total Mineral Resource Estimate completed in late-2024.

                            ✓   The updated hydrogeological dynamic modelling results indicate:

                                        Lithium brine can be pumped for an increased period of up to 45 years to operate at up
                                        to 12,000tpa of lithium carbonate, or

                                        Lithium brine can be pumped for an increased period of up to 23 years to operate at up
                                        to 24,000tpa of lithium carbonate.

                            ✓   Progressed 12,000tpa project development engineering and feasibility works toward achieving a
                                construction-ready stage for the Rincon Lithium Project.

                            ✓   Detailed engineering works completed on 40MW Medium Voltage Line Project and works
                                progressing for delivery of the 40MW energy infrastructure via tender process for construction of
                                33kV electric transmission line and associated transformer station to power Rincon Lithium Project.

                            ✓   Two separate spot sales contracts executed for a total of 80 metric tonnes of battery quality
                                >99.5% lithium carbonate product and additional lithium carbonate spot sales contract executed
                                for 16.1 metric tonnes.

                        Argosy remains confident that key upcoming milestones and achievements will prove successful to
                        demonstrate the long-term sustainability and continued development of the Rincon Lithium Project.

                        Key objectives for Argosy during the remainder of 2026 at the Rincon Lithium Project include:

                                Complete the 12,000tpa project feasibility and development engineering works to achieve a
                                construction-ready stage and to significantly de-risk the Project.

                                Progress the 40MW Medium Voltage Line Project from design into construction.

                                Consider new strategic project opportunities.

                                                                                                                                 5
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        The progress the Group has made in process design, pilot plant test work operations, product strategy and
                        energy infrastructure continue to de-risk the 12ktpa Rincon Lithium Project and position it for a robust final
                        investment decision and successful commercialisation to confirm the long-term sustainability and
                        significance of our Rincon Lithium Project.



                        Tonopah Lithium Project




For personal use only
                                                  Argosy Minerals Limited – Tonopah Lithium Project Location Map

                        The Group has a 100% interest in the tenements comprising the Tonopah Lithium Project (‘Tonopah’),
                        located in Nevada, USA, which is strategically located near Albemarle’s Silver Peak lithium carbonate
                        operation in Nevada, USA.

                        Tonopah is located in one of the world’s most favourable and stable mining jurisdictions and home to the
                        USA’s burgeoning electric vehicle industry, with well-developed infrastructure and a skilled local workforce.
                        Argosy will consider its exploration approach to determine its plan for evaluating the lithium brine potential
                        at the project, and its overall strategy to increase the value proposition of the project, and its overall
                        strategy to increase the value proposition of the project, noting the significance of recent US government
                        initiatives to produce and procure local strategic and critical minerals.
                        The Group will assess these USA initiatives to consider its options and pathway for developing the Tonopah
                        Project, and considers the opportunity to develop a USA-based lithium project as a strategic position to
                        further develop Argosy into a world-class lithium producer.




                                                                                                                                    6
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        Statement of Resources & Reserves – Rincon Lithium Project




For personal use only                                         Rincon Lithium Project - JORC Total Mineral Resource Estimate
                            (Li2CO3 potential has been estimated from the observed Li concentrations using a conversion factor of 5.347 (i.e. Li (mg/L) x 5.347 = Li2CO3 (mg/L)))



                        Cautionary Statements: Argosy confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
                        information included in the original market announcement and, in the case of Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves, that
                        all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the relevant market announcement
                        continue to apply and have not materially changed. Argosy confirms that the form and context in which the
                        Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcement.

                        Forward Looking Statements: Statements regarding plans with respect to the Company’s mineral properties are forward
                        looking statements. There can be no assurance that the Company’s plans for development of its mineral properties will
                        proceed as expected. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to confirm the presence of mineral
                        deposits, that any mineralisation will prove to be economic or that a mine will successfully be developed on any of the
                        Company’s mineral properties.

                        Competent Person’s Statement – Rincon Lithium Project
                        The information contained in this report relating to Exploration Targets, Exploration Results and Mineral Resource Estimates
                        has been prepared by Mr Duncan Storey. Mr Storey is a Hydrogeologist, a Chartered Geologist and Fellow of the
                        Geological Society of London (an RPO under JORC 2012). Mr Storey has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style
                        of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a
                        competent person as defined in the 2012 edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
                        Resources and Ore Reserves.

                        Duncan Storey is an employee of AQ2 Pty Ltd and an independent consultant to Argosy Minerals Ltd. Mr Storey consents
                        to the inclusion in this report of this information in the form and context in which it appears. The information in this report is
                        an accurate representation of the available data from exploration at the Rincon Lithium Project.



                                                                                                                                                                                    7
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        The information in this report that relates to the processing test work results were compiled by Jerko Zuvela, who is a
                        director of Argosy Minerals Ltd and is a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (AusIMM). Mr
                        Zuvela has sufficient experience that is relevant to the process test work that was undertaken to qualify as a Competent
                        Person as defined in the 2012 JORC Code. Mr Zuvela consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on the
                        information in the form and context in which it appears.

                        Chemical Engineer’s Statement: The information in this report that relates to lithium carbonate processing is based on
                        information compiled and/or reviewed by Mr Pablo Alurralde. Mr Alurralde is the President of Puna Mining S.A. and
                        consents to the inclusion in this report of this information in the form and context in which it appears. Mr Alurralde is a
                        chemical engineer with a degree in Chemical Engineering from Salta National University in Argentina. Mr Alurralde has
                        sufficient experience which is relevant to the lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide processing and testing undertaken
                        to evaluate the data presented.

                        Cautionary Note: A Production Target is a projected estimate of potentially mineable mineralised material based on the
                        application of modifying factors. The process and assumptions used to establish the Production Targets for Argosy’s
                        operations and development projects are those used to prepare the Mineral Resource Estimate announced on 15
                        January 2024 and upgraded on 12 November 2024 (which are available at www.argosyminerals.com.au and
                        www.asx.com.au). Production Targets are derived from Measured, Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resource
                        classifications. The Company has been guided by ASX Listing Rules Chapter 5.16 to 5.19 for the preparation of Production




For personal use only
                        Targets.

                        The Company confirms that all the material assumptions underpinning the production target in the ASX announcement
                        “Updated - Dynamic Modelling Produces Outstanding Results for Rincon Lithium Project” dated 12 April 2024 continue to
                        apply and have not materially changed.

                        The Company highlights the following cautionary note in relation to confidence in the estimation of Production Targets
                        that incorporate Mineral Resources from the Inferred classification:

                        There is a low level of geological confidence associated with Inferred Mineral Resources and there is no certainty that
                        further exploration work will result in the determination of Indicated Mineral Resources or that the Production Target itself
                        will be realised. The stated Production Targets are based on the Company’s current expectations of future results and
                        events and should not be solely relied upon by investors when making investment decisions.

                        The estimated Mineral Resource Estimate that underpins the Production Targets have been prepared by Competent
                        Persons in accordance with ASX Listing Rules Appendix 5A. The Inferred portion of the Production Targets is not the
                        determining factor in each mine’s viability and does not feature as a significant proportion early in the mine plan.

                        Argosy has independently engaged the services of AQ2 Pty Ltd to conduct the mineral resource estimation works,
                        hydrogeological modelling and associated brine analysis works for the potential development of a lithium carbonate
                        production operation at the Rincon Lithium Project. Argosy has previously engaged Primero Group to assess the
                        technical and economic viability to a Preliminary Economic Assessment level with regards to producing lithium
                        carbonate at the Project. Whilst the current modelling works have yielded robust outcomes and provided independent
                        perspective on the opportunity to produce lithium carbonate, there is no guarantee that Argosy will choose to adopt
                        the outcomes of the works conducted.

                        ASX Listing Rules Compliance
                        The Mineral Resources information contained in this report is extracted from the report entitled “Updated: Rincon Lithium
                        Project JORC Mineral Resource Upgrade & Exploration Target” dated 12 November 2024, available at
                        www.argosyminerals.com.au and www.asx.com. Argosy confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data
                        that materially affects the information included in the original market announcement and, in the case of Mineral
                        Resources or Ore Reserves, that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the
                        relevant market announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed. Argosy confirms that the form and
                        context in which the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original
                        market announcement.

                        Argosy advises references to the Company’s current target of producing 2,000tpa of battery quality lithium carbonate
                        product at the Rincon Lithium Project should be read subject to and clarified by the Company’s current intention that,
                        subject to feasibility, finance, market conditions and completion of development works at the Rincon Lithium Project, the
                        2,000tpa production target is intended to form a modular part of the 10,000tpa operation from its commencement.

                        Argosy further advises that references in this report in relation to the 10,000tpa production target are extracted from the
                        report entitled “Argosy delivers exceptional PEA results for Rincon Project” dated 28 November 2018, available at
                        www.argosyminerals.com.au and www.asx.com. Argosy confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data
                        that materially affects the information included in the Announcement and, in the case of the Production Target, Mineral
                        Resources or Ore Reserves contained in the Announcement, that all material assumptions and technical parameters
                        underpinning the estimates in the PEA announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed. Argosy
                        confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially
                        modified from the PEA announcement.


                                                                                                                                                   8
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        Reference to Previous ASX Releases:
                        This document refers to the following previous ASX releases:
                        12th January 2026 – Significant Progress with 40MW Energy Infrastructure to Power Rincon Lithium Project
                        13th January 2025 – Updated Dynamic Modelling Produces Outstanding Results for Rincon Lithium Project
                        12th November 2024 – Updated: Rincon Lithium Project JORC Mineral Resource Upgrade & Exploration Target
                        12th April 2024 - Updated - Dynamic Modelling Produces Outstanding Results for Rincon Lithium Project
                        10th February 2021 – Clarifying Announcement
                        8th February 2021 – $30M Placement to Fund 2,000tpa Production
                        28th November 2018 – Argosy delivers exceptional PEA results for Rincon Project

                        Schedule of Tenements
                        The schedule of tenements held by the Company as at 27 March 2026 is shown below.
                                            Tenement                 Location          Beneficial Percentage held
                                       File 7272 (Telita) 1      Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                 File 14342 (Chiquita 2) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                    File 22850 (Romulo) 1        Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                     File 22955 (Frodo) 1        Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)




For personal use only
                                    File 1414 (Talisman) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                       File 1904 (Nelly) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                    File 1905 (Angelica) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                       File 2889 (Maria) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                       File 2890 (Irene) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                        File 6343 (Tigre) 1      Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                       File 6345 (Puma) 1        Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                   File 100561 (Praga I) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                   File 100562 (Praga II) 1      Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                   File 100625 (Praga III) 1     Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                   File 10626 (Praga IV) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                     File 17902 (Reyna) 1        Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                      File 62308 (Tincal) 1      Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                 File 6681 (San Marcos) 1        Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                       File 7215 (Jujuy) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                   File 14970 (San Jose) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                          Mining easement right (File 4128) 1    Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                          Mining easement right (File 15698) 1   Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                               # File 22248 (Payo Silvana) 1     Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                              # File 20541 (Claro de Luna) 1     Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                               # File 21503 (Santa Ines III) 1   Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                              # File 21460 (Candelaria IV) 1     Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                               # File 22806 (Casandra V) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                # File 20374 (Candelaria) 1      Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                    # File 5413 (Agulia) 1       Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                           # File 769477 (Santa Bernardita) 1    Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                    # File 21909 (Toltul) 1      Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                         # File 769785 (Demasia Mina Reyna) 1    Salta, Argentina     77.5% (JV, earning up to 90%)
                                 NMC1162672 - 1162935             Nevada, USA                      100%
                                NMC1131801 - 1131815              Nevada, USA                    100%
                                NMC1131817 - 1131827              Nevada, USA                    100%
                                NMC1131830 - 1131837              Nevada, USA                    100%
                                NMC1131842 - 1131852              Nevada, USA                    100%
                                NMC1131856 - 1131868              Nevada, USA                    100%
                                NMC1131871 - 1131973              Nevada, USA                    100%
                        1 Interest in mining tenement held 100% by Puna Mining S.A.




                                                                                                                                   9
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        MATTERS SUBSEQUENT TO THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR
                        On 20 February 2026, Mr Peter De Leo resigned from his role as a non-executive director.

                        On 24 March 2026, 1,500,000 Share Appreciation Rights (SARs) expired without exercise or conversion.

                        No other matters or circumstances have arisen since the end of the financial year which significantly
                        affected or may affect the operation of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of
                        the Group in subsequent financial years.

                        LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS AND EXPECTED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                        The Group will continue its exploration, evaluation and development activities at the Rincon Lithium Project
                        in Argentina, and exploration and evaluation activities at the Tonopah Lithium Project in USA.

                        MATERIAL BUSINESS RISKS

                        The Group’s exploration and development operations will be subject to the normal risks of mineral
                        exploration and development, and any revenues will be subject to factors beyond the Group’s control. The




For personal use only
                        material business risks that may affect the Group are summarised below.

                        Key Personnel

                        In formulating its exploration programs, feasibility studies and development strategies, the Group relies to a
                        significant extent upon the experience and expertise of the directors and management. A number of key
                        personnel are important to attaining the business goals of the Group. One or more of these key employees
                        could leave their employment, and this may adversely affect the ability of the Group to conduct its
                        business and, accordingly, affect the financial performance of the Group and its share price. Recruiting
                        and retaining qualified personnel is important to the Group’s success. The number of persons skilled in the
                        exploration and development of mining properties is limited and competition for such persons is strong.

                        Future capital raisings

                        The Group’s ongoing activities may require substantial further financing in the future. The Group will require
                        additional funding to further develop the Rincon Lithium Project, specifically develop an additional
                        10,000tpa lithium carbonate process plant and bring it into commercial operation. Any additional equity
                        financing may be dilutive to shareholders, may be undertaken at lower prices than the current market
                        price and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants which limit the Group’s operations
                        and business strategy. Although the Directors believe that additional capital can be obtained, no
                        assurances can be made that appropriate capital or funding, if and when needed, will be available on
                        terms favourable to the Group or at all. If the Group is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, it
                        may be required to reduce, delay or suspend its operations and this could have a material adverse effect
                        on the Group’s activities and could affect the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

                        Exploration risk

                        The success of the Group depends on the delineation of economically mineable reserves and resources,
                        access to required development capital, movement in the price of commodities, securing and maintaining
                        title to the Group’s exploration and mining tenements and obtaining all consents and approvals necessary
                        for the conduct of its exploration activities. Exploration on the Group’s existing tenements may be
                        unsuccessful, resulting in a reduction in the value of those tenements, diminution in the cash reserves of the
                        Group and possible relinquishment of the tenements. The exploration costs of the Group are based on
                        certain assumptions with respect to the method and timing of exploration. By their nature, these estimates
                        and assumptions are subject to significant uncertainties and, accordingly, the actual costs may materially
                        differ from these estimates and assumptions.

                        Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the cost estimates and the underlying assumptions will be
                        realised in practice, which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s viability. If the level of
                        operating expenditure required is higher than expected, the financial position of the Group may be
                        adversely affected. The Group may also experience unexpected shortages or increases in the costs of
                        consumables, spare parts, plant and equipment.



                                                                                                                                    10
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        Feasibility and development risks

                        It may not always be possible for the Group to exploit successful discoveries which may be made in areas
                        in which the Group has an interest. Such exploitation would involve obtaining the necessary licences or
                        clearances from relevant authorities that may require conditions to be satisfied and/or the exercise of
                        discretions by such authorities. It may or may not be possible for such conditions to be satisfied. Further, the
                        decision to proceed to further exploitation may require participation of other companies whose interests
                        and objectives may not be the same as the Group’s. There is a complex, multidisciplinary process
                        underway to complete a feasibility study to support any development proposal. There is a risk that the
                        feasibility study and associated technical works will not achieve the results expected. There is also a risk
                        that, even if a positive feasibility study is produced, the project may not be successfully developed for
                        commercial or financial reasons.

                        Resource Estimation Risk

                        Resource estimates are expressions of judgement based on knowledge, experience and industry practice.




For personal use only
                        These estimates were appropriate when made but may change significantly when new information
                        becomes available. There are risks associated with such estimates. Resource estimates are necessarily
                        imprecise and depend to some extent on interpretations, which may ultimately prove to be inaccurate
                        and require adjustment. Adjustments to resource estimates could affect the Group’s future plans and
                        ultimately its financial performance and value. Lithium price fluctuations, as well as increased production
                        costs or reduced throughput and/or recovery rates, may render resources containing relatively lower
                        grades uneconomic and may materially affect resource estimations.

                        Regulatory risk

                        The Group’s operations are subject to various Commonwealth, State and Territory and local laws and
                        plans, including those relating to mining, prospecting, development permit and licence requirements,
                        industrial relations, environment, land use, royalties, water, native title and cultural heritage, mine safety
                        and occupational health. Approvals, licences and permits required to comply with such rules are subject
                        to the discretion of the applicable government officials. No assurance can be given that the Group will be
                        successful in maintaining such authorisations in full force and effect without modification or revocation.

                        To the extent such approvals are required and not retained or obtained in a timely manner or at all, the
                        Group may be curtailed or prohibited from continuing or proceeding with production and exploration. The
                        Group’s business and results of operations could be adversely affected if applications lodged for
                        exploration licences are not granted. Mining and exploration tenements are subject to periodic renewal.
                        The renewal of the term of a granted tenement is also subject to the discretion of the relevant Minister.
                        Renewal conditions may include increased expenditure and work commitments or compulsory
                        relinquishment of areas of the tenements comprising the Group’s projects. The imposition of new conditions
                        or the inability to meet those conditions may adversely affect the operations, financial position and/or
                        performance of the Group.

                        Environmental risk

                        The operations and activities of the Group are subject to the environmental laws and regulations of
                        Australia and Argentina. As with most exploration projects and mining operations, the Group’s operations
                        and activities are expected to have an impact on the environment, particularly if advanced exploration or
                        mine development proceeds. The Group attempts to conduct its operations and activities to the highest
                        standard of environmental obligation, including compliance with all environmental laws and regulations.
                        The Group is unable to predict the effect of additional environmental laws and regulations which may be
                        adopted in the future, including whether any such laws or regulations would materially increase the
                        Group’s cost of doing business or affect its operations in any area. However, there can be no assurances
                        that new environmental laws, regulations or stricter enforcement policies, once implemented, will not
                        oblige the Group to incur significant expenses and undertake significant investments which could have a
                        material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and performance.




                                                                                                                                     11
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        Climate Change risk

                        The operations and activities of the Group are subject to changes to local or international compliance
                        regulations related to climate change mitigation efforts, specific taxation or penalties for carbon emissions
                        or environmental damage, and other possible restraints on industry that may further impact the Group and
                        its profitability. While the Group will endeavour to manage these risks and limit any consequential impacts,
                        there can be no guarantee that the Group will not be impacted by these occurrences. Climate change
                        may also cause certain physical and environmental risks that cannot be predicted by the Group, including
                        events such as increased severity of weather patterns, incidence of extreme weather events and longer-
                        term physical risks such as shifting climate pattern.

                        Macro-Economic risk

                        The operations and activities of the Group are exposed to a number of global external factors, including
                        macro-economic risks affecting profitability and business continuity. Specifically, hyper-inflation and
                        political risks in Argentina, increasing interest rates, ongoing disruptions to logistics and significant




For personal use only
                        fluctuations in foreign exchange. While the Group has limited direct controls over these issues, continued
                        oversight is essential to ensuring the ongoing operations and activities of the Group.

                        Foreign Currency risk

                        Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions and recognised financial assets and
                        financial liabilities are denominated in a currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The Group is
                        primarily exposed to the fluctuations in the US dollar and the Argentinian Peso, as the Group up holds US
                        dollar bank deposits and a significant portion of the Group’s exploration costs and contracts are
                        denominated in both US dollars and Argentinian Pesos.

                        The Group aims to reduce and manage its foreign exchange risk by holding funds in a US dollar account so
                        that the exchange rate is crystallised early and future fluctuations in rates for settlement of US dollar
                        denominated payables are avoided. The Group does not currently undertake any hedging of foreign
                        currency items, however as the Group’s operations develop and expand, more sophisticated foreign
                        exchange risk strategies may be considered.

                        ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION

                        The Group holds participating interests in a number of mining and exploration tenements. The various
                        authorities granting such tenements require the tenement holder to comply with the terms of the grant of
                        the tenement and all directions given to it under those terms of the tenement. There have been no known
                        breaches of the tenement conditions, and no such breaches have been notified by any government
                        agency during the year ended 31 December 2025.


                        INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS

                        Name:                           Jerko Zuvela
                        Title:                          Managing Director
                        Qualifications:                 B.Sc (Applied Geology)
                        Experience and expertise:       Mr Zuvela has over 25 years mineral and resources industry experience in
                                                        Australia and internationally, during which time he has held senior
                                                        executive positions in public listed and unlisted companies including for
                                                        Kangaroo Resources Limited as Chief Geologist, Strike Resources Limited
                                                        as General Manager Operations and Fireside Resources Limited as Chief
                                                        Geologist. Mr Zuvela is a Chartered Professional (Geology) Member of the
                                                        Australian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.
                        Other current directorships:    Discovery Alaska Limited (ASX:DAF) – appointed 24 Nov 2015
                                                        Ragusa Minerals Limited (ASX:RAS) – appointed 29 Sep 2020
                                                        Pacific Resources Limited (ASX:PXR) – appointed 30 Jan 2025, resigned
                                                        effective 31 March 2026
                        Former directorships (last 3    None
                        years):
                        Interests in shares:            69,568,405 Ordinary Shares
                        Interests in options:           Nil

                                                                                                                                   12
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        Name:                          Malcolm Randall
                        Title:                         Non-Executive Chairman
                        Qualifications:                B.ApChem FAICD
                        Experience and expertise:      Mr Randall holds a Bachelor of Applied Chemistry degree and is a Fellow
                                                       of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. He has more than 45
                                                       years’ of extensive experience in corporate, management and marketing
                                                       in the resources sector, including more than 25 years with the Rio Tinto
                                                       group of companies. His experience has covered a diverse range of
                                                       commodities including potash (brine), iron ore, base metals, uranium,
                                                       mineral sands and coal.
                                                       Mr Randall has held the position of Chairman and director of a number of
                                                       ASX listed companies.
                        Other current directorships:   Hastings Technology Metals Limited (ASX:HAS) – appointed 11 Feb 2019
                                                       New Murchison Gold Ltd (ASX:NMG) – appointed 8 Sep 2003
                        Former directorships (last 3   Kingsland Minerals Limited (ASX:KNG) – resigned 2 Nov 2023
                        years):                        Magnetite Mines Limited (ASX:MGT) – resigned 23 Nov 2022
                        Interests in shares:           5,310,501 Ordinary Shares




For personal use only
                        Interests in options:          Nil

                        Name:                          Bruce McFadzean
                        Title:                         Non-Executive Director
                        Qualifications:                Grad Dip (Mining)
                        Experience and expertise:      Mr McFadzean is a qualified mining engineer with more than 40 years’
                                                       experience in the global resources industry, and was recently the
                                                       Managing Director of Sheffield Resources Limited. Mr McFadzean has led
                                                       the financing, development and operation of several new mines around
                                                       the world. Mr McFadzean’s professional career includes 15 years with BHP
                                                       Billiton and Rio Tinto in a variety of positions, and four years as Managing
                                                       Director of successful ASX gold miner Catalpa Resources Limited. Under
                                                       Mr McFadzean’s management, Catalpa was involved in the merger to
                                                       create Evolution Mining Limited. Mr McFadzean is a Fellow of AUSIMM.
                        Other current directorships:   Aquirian Limited (ASX:AQN) – appointed 9 Apr 2021
                                                       Bannerman Energy Limited (ASX:BMN) – appointed 18 Nov 2024
                                                       Fin Resources Limited (ASX:FIN) – appointed 1 Feb 2025
                        Former directorships (last 3   Ardiden Limited (ASX:ADV) – resigned 21 Aug 2023
                        years):                        Hastings Technology Metals Limited (ASX:HAS) – resigned 17 Oct 2024
                        Special Responsibilities:      Chair of Audit and Risk Committee
                        Interests in shares:           78,950 Ordinary Shares
                        Interests in options:          Nil

                        Name:                          Andrea Betti
                        Title:                         Non-Executive Director
                        Qualifications:                B.Com, MBA, CA, AGIA ACG
                        Experience and expertise:      Ms Betti is an accounting and corporate governance professional with
                                                       over 20 years’ experience in accounting, corporate governance, finance
                                                       and corporate banking. She has acted as Chief Financial Officer and
                                                       Company Secretary for companies in the private and publicly listed
                                                       sectors, as well as senior executive roles in the banking and finance
                                                       industry. Ms Betti is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in
                                                       Australia and New Zealand and an associate member of the Governance
                                                       Institute of Australia. Ms Betti is currently a Director of a corporate advisory
                                                       company based in Perth that provides corporate and other advisory
                                                       services to public listed companies. She has a Bachelor of Commerce,
                                                       Graduate Diploma in Corporate Governance, Graduate Diploma in
                                                       Applied Finance and Investment and a Master of Business Administration.
                        Other current directorships:   None
                        Former directorships (last 3   Locafy Limited (NASDAQ: LCFY) – resigned 1 Jun 2024
                        years):                        Somerset Resources Limited (ASX: SMM) – resigned 15 Jul 2024
                        Special Responsibilities:      Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee (since 20 February
                                                       2026)
                        Interests in shares:           142,700 Ordinary Shares
                        Interests in options:          600,000 Unlisted Options


                                                                                                                                     13
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025


                        Name:                             Peter De Leo
                        Title:                            Non-Executive Director
                        Qualifications:                   BE (Civ), CPEng, FIEAust
                        Experience and Expertise:         Mr De Leo is currently the Managing Director of Lycopodium Limited and
                                                          has been with the organisation since 1994. Mr De Leo is a civil engineer
                                                          with over 30 years’ experience in engineering and construction within the
                                                          resources and infrastructure sectors, and is a Fellow of the Institute of
                                                          Engineers Australia. Mr De Leo possesses strong business management
                                                          and project implementation skills, and has been responsible for the
                                                          successful delivery of many of Lycopodium’s pioneering and large scale
                                                          projects. In his corporate roles he has led Lycopodium in shaping and
                                                          reshaping as required to meet market needs and capitalise on
                                                          opportunities.
                        Other current directorships:      Lycopodium Limited (ASX:LYL) – appointed 10 Mar 2009
                        Former Directorships (in last 3   None
                        years)




For personal use only
                        Special Responsibilities:         Chair of Remuneration and Nomination Committee (until resignation on
                                                          20 February 2026)
                        Interests in Shares:              250,000 Ordinary Shares
                        Interests in Options:             600,000 Unlisted Options

                        MEETING OF DIRECTORS

                        The following table sets out the number of Directors’ meetings held during the year ended 31 December
                        2025 and the number of meetings attended by each director. There were seven Directors’ meetings held
                        during the financial year, with the majority of business conducted via circular resolution. The number of
                        meetings attended by each Director during the year was:

                        Name                                      Number eligible to attend               Number attended
                        Jerko Zuvela                                         7                                  7
                        Malcolm Randall                                      7                                  7
                        Peter De Leo                                         7                                  5
                        Bruce McFadzean                                      7                                  7
                        Andrea Betti                                         7                                  7

                        The number of Remuneration and Nomination Committee meeting attended by each committee member
                        during the year was:

                        Name                                      Number eligible to attend               Number attended
                        Malcolm Randall                                      2                                  2
                        Peter De Leo                                         2                                  2
                        Bruce McFadzean                                      2                                  2
                        Andrea Betti                                         2                                  2


                        The number of Audit and Risk Committee meeting attended by each committee member during the year
                        was:

                        Name                                      Number eligible to attend               Number attended
                        Malcolm Randall                                      2                                  2
                        Peter De Leo                                         2                                   -
                        Bruce McFadzean                                      2                                  2
                        Andrea Betti                                         2                                  2




                                                                                                                                 14
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        REMUNERATION REPORT (AUDITED)

                        The remuneration policy of Argosy Minerals Limited has been designed to align director and executive
                        objectives with shareholder and business objectives by providing a fixed remuneration component and
                        offering specific long-term incentives based on key performance areas affecting the Group’s financial
                        results. The board of Argosy Minerals Limited believes the remuneration policy is appropriate and effective
                        in its ability to attract and retain high calibre executives and directors to run and manage the Group.

                        The remuneration report is set out under the following headings:

                        A   Principles used to determine the nature and amount of remuneration

                        B   Service agreements

                        C   Details of remuneration

                        D   Share-based compensation




For personal use only
                        E   Additional information

                        F   Additional disclosures relating to key management personnel

                        A. Principles used to determine the nature and amount of remuneration

                        Non-executive directors’ remuneration
                        The Group's policy is to remunerate non-executive directors at a fixed fee for time, commitment and
                        responsibilities. Remuneration for non-executive directors is not linked to individual performance. From time
                        to time the Group may grant options to non-executive directors. The grant of options is designed to
                        recognise and reward efforts as well as to provide non-executive directors with additional incentive to
                        continue those efforts for the benefit of the Group. The maximum aggregate amount of fees (including
                        superannuation payments) that can be paid to non-executive directors is subject to approval by
                        shareholders at a General Meeting.

                        Executive remuneration
                        Executive pay and reward consists of a base salary and performance incentives. Long term performance
                        incentives may include options granted at the discretion of the Board and subject to obtaining the
                        relevant approvals. The grant of options is designed to recognise and reward efforts as well as to provide
                        additional incentive and may be subject to the successful completion of performance hurdles.

                        Group performance and link to remuneration
                        The remuneration policy has been tailored to increase goal congruence between shareholders and
                        directors and executives. Currently, this is facilitated through the issue of options to executives to
                        encourage the alignment of personal and shareholder interests. The Group believes this policy will be
                        effective in increasing shareholder wealth. Refer below for details of directors and executives interests in
                        options at year end. No market based performance remuneration has been paid in the current year.

                        Group performance, shareholder wealth and directors' and executives' remuneration
                        The remuneration policy has been tailored to increase the direct positive relationship between
                        shareholders’ investment objectives and directors and executives’ performance. Currently, this is facilitated
                        through the issue of options to executives to encourage the alignment of personal and shareholder
                        interests. No market based performance remuneration has been paid in the current year.

                        Voting and comments made at the Company's 2025 Annual General Meeting ('AGM')
                        At the 2025 AGM, 78.79% of the votes received supported the adoption of the remuneration report for the
                        year ended 31 December 2024. The Company did not receive any specific feedback at the AGM
                        regarding its remuneration practices.




                                                                                                                                   15
                           ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                           31 DECEMBER 2025


                           B. Service agreements

                           The employment conditions of the Managing Director, Mr Jerko Zuvela, are formalised in an executive
                           service agreement. The agreement continues until a party terminates it by giving notice.

                           Mr Zuvela may terminate the agreement, without cause, by giving 3 months’ notice. The Company may
                           terminate the agreement, without cause, by giving 6 months’ notice. The Company can also terminate the
                           agreement summarily, and without notice or compensation, in circumstances of serious misconduct or
                           breach by the Executive.

                           Upon termination, the Executive is subject to a 12-month non-competition covenant, whereby the
                           Executive must not: engage in, directly or indirectly, through any person in an enterprise, company or firm;
                           or carry on a substantially similar activity to that of the Company's business. The Executive is also subject to
                           covenants prohibiting the solicitation of Company personnel.

                           C. Details of remuneration




For personal use only
                           Amounts of remuneration
                           Details of the remuneration of the key management personnel of the Group are set out in the following
                           tables.
                        2025
                                                                                    Post-            Long-term
                        Key Management             Short-term Benefits           employment           benefits         Share Based
                        Personnel                                                  Benefits                             Payments
                                              Cash salary        Non-              Super-           Long Service
                                               and fees   Bonus Monetary          annuation            Leave            Payments         Total
                                                  $          $           $            $                  $                 $              $
                        Non-Exec Directors
                        Andrea Betti               55,875        -           -                  -                  -            24,332     80,207
                        Bruce McFadzean            50,000        -           -              5,896                  -             6,145     62,041
                        Malcolm Randall            60,000        -           -              7,075                  -                 -     67,075
                        Peter De Leo               50,000        -                          5,896                  -             6,145     62,041
                        Executive Directors
                        Jerko Zuvela              367,450        -           -                  -                  -                 -    367,450
                                                  583,326        -           -            18,867                   -            36,622    638,815


                        2024
                                                                                    Post-            Long-term
                        Key Management             Short-term Benefits           employment           benefits         Share Based
                        Personnel                                                  Benefits                             Payments
                                              Cash salary        Non-              Super-           Long Service
                                               and fees   Bonus Monetary          annuation            Leave            Payments         Total
                                                  $          $           $            $                  $                 $              $
                        Non-Exec Directors
                        Andrea Betti               55,750        -           -                  -                  -            40,037     95,787
                        Bruce McFadzean            49,339        -           -              6,411                  -            32,002     87,752
                        Malcolm Randall            59,207        -           -              7,694                  -                 -     66,901
                        Peter De Leo               49,339        -                          6,411                  -            32,002     87,752
                        Executive Directors
                        Jerko Zuvela              377,400        -           -                  -                  -                 -    377,400
                                                  591,035        -           -            20,516                               104,041    715,592


                                                                                                                                           16
                           ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                           31 DECEMBER 2025

                           The proportion of remuneration linked to performance and the fixed proportion are as follows:

                                                          Fixed remuneration               At risk – STI                 At risk – LTI
                        Name                              2025         2024             2025           2024           2025           2024
                        Non-Executive Directors:
                        Andrea Betti                             70%         58%               0%             0%          30%               42%
                        Bruce McFadzean                          90%         64%               0%             0%          10%               36%
                        Malcolm Randall                         100%        100%               0%             0%           0%                0%
                        Peter De Leo                             90%         64%               0%             0%          10%               36%
                        Executive Directors
                        Jerko Zuvela                            100%        100%               0%             0%           0%                0%


                           D. Share-based compensation

                           Issue of shares
                           There were no shares issued to directors and other key management personnel as part of compensation




For personal use only
                           during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

                           Options
                           The number of options over ordinary shares granted to directors and other key management personnel as
                           part of compensation during the year ended 31 December 2025 was nil (2024: nil).

                           Performance Rights
                           The number of performance rights granted to, and vested by directors and other key management
                           personnel as part of compensation during the year ended 31 December 2025 was nil (2024: nil).

                           Shareholdings
                           The number of shares in the company held during the financial year by each director and other members
                           of key management personnel of the Group, including their personally related parties, is set out below:



                               Name            Balance at        Number granted         Purchased          Other          Balance at the
                                               start of the      during the year       on-market or       changes         end of the year
                                                  year                                   as part of      during the
                                                                                       capital raising      year
                         Ordinary Shares
                         Jerko Zuvela              69,568,405                      -                 -                -         69,568,405
                         Bruce McFadzean               78,950                      -                 -                -             78,950
                         Peter De Leo                 250,000                      -                 -                -            250,000
                         Malcolm Randall            5,310,501                      -                 -                -          5,310,501
                         Andrea Betti                 142,700                                                                      142,700
                                                   75,350,556                      -                 -                -         75,350,556




                                                                                                                                            17
                         ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                         31 DECEMBER 2025

                         Option holding
                         The number of options over ordinary shares in the company held during the financial year by each director
                         and other members of key management personnel of the Group, including their personally related parties,
                         is set out below:

                             Name             Balance at        Number granted        Exercised          Other         Balance at the
                                              start of the      during the year       during the       changes         end of the year
                                                 year                                   year           during the
                                                                                                         year1
                        Options
                        Jerko Zuvela                       -                      -                -              -                   -
                        Bruce McFadzean              600,000                      -                -      (600,000)                   -
                        Peter De Leo                 600,000                      -                -      (600,000)                   -
                        Malcolm Randall                    -                      -                -              -                   -
                        Andrea Betti                 600,000                      -                -              -             600,000




For personal use only
                                                  1,800,000                       -                -    (1,200,000)             600,000

                         1 Options expired during the period.



                         E. Additional Information

                         The earnings of the Group for the five years to 31 December 2025 are summarised below:

                                                                            2025          2024          2023          2022          2021
                                                                              $            $             $              $             $

                         Profit/(Loss) after income tax                  7,310,236    (15,450,292) (10,619,215)     (175,768)    2,008,541

                         The factors that are considered to affect total shareholders return ('TSR') are summarised below:

                                                                            2025           2024         2023          2022          2021

                         Share price at financial year end ($)              0.115         0.028        0.135           0.57        0.32
                         Basic earnings/(loss) per share (cents)             0.49         (1.08)       (0.76)         (0.01)       0.17
                         Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (cents)           0.49         (1.08)       (0.76)         (0.01)       0.15

                         F. Additional disclosures relating to key management personnel

                         Related party disclosures

                         (i) Other transactions with key management personnel and their related parties

                         Ms Andrea Betti is a director and shareholder of Consilium Corporate Pty Ltd (Consilium). Consilium was
                         paid $216,000 (2024: $216,000) in relation to corporate secretarial and accounting services performed
                         during the year. The balance of trade payables owing to Consilium as at 31 December 2025 was $25,078
                         (2024: $25,021). The terms of the services provided were at normal market rates. There were no other
                         transactions with key management personnel and their related parties during the year ended 31
                         December 2025.

                         END OF AUDITED REMUNERATION REPORT.




                                                                                                                                     18
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        SHARES UNDER OPTION

                        Unissued ordinary shares of Argosy Minerals Limited under option at the date of this report are as follows:

                                     Grant date      Expiry date Exercise price Number under option

                                   27 June 2023 30 June 2026          $0.729             600,000
                                   1 August 2025 1 August 2028         $0.04            39,999,996


                        SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS

                        Share appreciation rights at the date of this report are as follows:

                        Grant date                             Expiry date                     Exercise Price         Number under option

                        17 October 2022                        17 October 2026                 $0.4966                1,500,000
                        17 October 2022                        17 October 2027                 $0.4966                1,500,000




For personal use only
                        17 October 2022                        17 October 2028                 $0.4966                2,000,000
                        28 October 2022                        28 October 2026                 $0.5386                1,000,000
                        28 October 2022                        28 October 2028                 $0.5386                1,000,000
                        28 October 2022                        28 October 2029                 $0.5386                1,000,000
                        28 November 2022                       28 November 2026                $0.5414                1,000,000
                        28 November 2022                       28 November 2027                $0.5414                1,000,000


                        SHARES ISSUED ON THE EXERCISE OF OPTIONS

                        During the year, on 18 December 2025, 7,500,000 shares were issued on the exercise of options at an issue
                        price of $0.04 per share (2024: Nil).

                        INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE OF OFFICERS

                        The Company has indemnified the directors and executives of the company for costs incurred, in their
                        capacity as a director or executive, for which they may be held personally liable, except where there is a
                        lack of good faith.

                        During the year, the company paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the directors and
                        executives of the company against a liability to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The
                        contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of liability and the amount of the premium

                        INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE OF AUDITOR

                        The Company has not, during or since the financial year, indemnified or agreed to indemnify the auditor of
                        the Company or any related entity against a liability incurred by the auditor.

                        During the financial year, the Company has not paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the
                        auditor of the Company or any related entity.

                        ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS

                        The Group is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191, issued by the Australian Securities
                        and Investments Commission, relating to ‘rounding-off’. Amounts in this report have been rounded off in
                        accordance with the Corporations Instrument to the nearest dollar.

                        PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

                        No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring
                        proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a
                        party for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or part of those proceedings.




                                                                                                                                      19
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY WHO ARE FORMER AUDIT PARTNERS OF PITCHER PARTNERS BA&A PTY LTD

                        There are no officers of the Company who are former audit partners of Pitcher Partners BA&A Pty Ltd.

                        AUDITOR

                        Pitcher Partners BA&A Pty Ltd were appointed as auditors of the Company during the year and continues
                        in office in accordance with section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        NON-AUDIT SERVICES

                        Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for non-audit services provided during the financial
                        year by the auditor are outlined in Note 19 to the financial statements.

                        The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services during the financial year, by the auditor
                        (or by another person or firm on the auditor's behalf), is compatible with the general standard of




For personal use only
                        independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001.
                        The directors are of the opinion that the services as disclosed in Note 19 to the financial statements do not
                        compromise the external auditor's independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the
                        following reasons:
                                •    all non-audit services have been reviewed and approved to ensure that they do not impact
                                     the integrity and objectivity of the auditor; and
                                •    none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set
                                     out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Accounting
                                     Professional and Ethical Standards Board, including reviewing or auditing the auditor's own
                                     work, acting in a management or decision-making capacity for the Company, acting as
                                     advocate for the Company or jointly sharing economic risks and rewards.

                        AUDITORS’ INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION

                        A copy of the auditors’ Independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act
                        2001 is set out immediately after this Directors’ report.

                        This Directors’ report is signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to section
                        298(2)(a) of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        On behalf of the Directors




                        Jerko Zuvela
                        Managing Director

                        Date: 30 March 2026
                        Perth




                                                                                                                                   20
                                                          AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
                                         TO THE DIRECTORS OF ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITY

                                 In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I declare to the best of my knowledge
                                 and belief in relation to the review of the financial report of Argosy Minerals Limited and its controlled
                                 entity for the year ended 31 December 2025, there have been:

                                        (i)          No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001
                                                     in relation to the audit; and
                                        (ii)         No contraventions of APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
                                                     Independence Standards) in relation to the audit.




For personal use only
                                 PITCHER PARTNERS BA&A PTY LTD




                                 MARIUS VAN DER MERWE
                                 Executive Director
                                 Perth, 30 March 2026




                        Adelaide | Brisbane | Melbourne | Newcastle | Perth | Sydney


                        Pitcher Partners BA&A Pty Ltd                                             21
                        An independent Western Australian Company ABN 76 601 361 095.                                                                Pitcher Partners is an association of independent firms.
                        Level 11, 12-14 The Esplanade, Perth WA 6000                                   Pitcher Partners is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Limited, the members
                        Registered Audit Company Number 467435.                                                                                        of which are separate and independent legal entities.
                        Liability limited by a scheme under Professional Standards Legislation.                                                                                               pitcher.com.au .
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
                        COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                                                                                                 Note    2025            2024
                                                                                                          $                $

                        Interest revenue                                                                   179,480         337,462

                        Accounting and company secretary fees                                             (224,489)       (228,498)
                        ASX and ASIC fees                                                                  (92,055)       (112,993)
                        AGM and GM fees                                                                    (23,186)        (24,859)
                        Audit fees                                                                         (44,020)        (47,514)
                        Bank charges                                                                         (1,732)         (6,498)
                        Depreciation                                                              5        (80,836)        (76,556)
                        Directors’ fees                                                                   (418,538)       (422,750)




For personal use only
                        Foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                                    (2,313,819)       2,547,329
                        Impairment reversal/(expense)                                             11     10,073,109    (10,780,455)
                        Insurance                                                                          (87,481)       (138,019)
                        Interest                                                                           (14,464)        (22,186)
                        Legal fees                                                                         (63,522)        (73,507)
                        Office costs and rental expenses                                                   (61,472)        (64,476)
                        Other expenses                                                                     (44,170)       (154,768)
                        Professional fees                                                                  (81,431)       (408,428)
                        Share-based payments                                                      15      (416,196)       (738,789)
                        Share registry costs                                                               (41,982)        (45,454)
                        Share of profit/(loss) of joint venture accounted for using the equity
                        method                                                                    11     1,067,040      (4,989,333)

                        Profit/(loss) before income tax expense                                          7,310,236     (15,450,292)
                        Income tax expense                                                        6              -                -
                        Profit/(loss) after income tax expense for the year attributable to
                        the owners of Argosy Minerals Limited                                            7,310,236     (15,450,292)

                        Other comprehensive (loss)/income
                        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss
                        Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                          (6,205,902)     23,516,002
                        Total other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax                (6,205,902)     23,516,002

                        Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable to the
                        owners of Argosy Minerals Limited                                                1,104,334       8,065,710


                        Earnings/(loss) per share
                        Basic earnings/(loss) per share (cents)                                   27            0.49         (1.08)
                        Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (cents)                                 27            0.49         (1.08)




                            The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in
                                                        conjunction with the accompanying notes




                                                                                                                                   22
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                        AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                                              Note        2025           2024
                                                                                                            $             $
                        ASSETS
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                               7         4,258,663     5,960,280
                        Trade and other receivables                                                          58,488       105,954
                        Other assets                                                                         58,286       101,049
                        Total current assets                                                              4,375,437     6,167,283

                        Non-current assets
                        Plant and equipment                                                                   9,463        21,114
                        Right-of-use assets                                                    8             74,882       144,004
                        Exploration and evaluation assets                                      9         11,814,122     9,498,458
                        Advances to Puna Mining S.A.                                           10        30,149,144    27,614,218
                        Investment accounted for using the equity method – Puna Mining S.A.    11        40,041,529    39,811,180




For personal use only
                        Total non-current assets                                                        82,089,140     77,088,974

                        Total assets                                                                    86,464,577     83,256,257

                        LIABILITIES
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                               12          181,482        569,075
                        Lease liabilities                                                      8            86,553         73,324
                        Total current liabilities                                                          268,035        642,399

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Lease liabilities                                                       8             7,424        93,977
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                        7,424         93,977

                        Total liabilities                                                                  275,459        736,376

                        Net assets                                                                      86,189,116     82,519,881

                        EQUITY
                        Issued capital                                                         13      163,121,687    161,032,982
                        Reserves                                                               14         9,809,221     16,244,207
                        Accumulated losses                                                             (86,741,792)   (94,757,308)



                        Total equity                                                                    86,189,116     82,519,881




                        The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
                                                                            notes




                                                                                                                                 23
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025




                                                                          Issued        Accumulated
                                                                  Note    capital          losses         Reserves          Total
                        Consolidated                                         $                $              $                $
                        Balance at 1 January 2025                        161,032,982      (94,757,308)    16,244,207      82,519,881

                        Profit after income tax expense for the
                        year                                                        -       7,310,236                -     7,310,236
                        Other comprehensive loss for the year,
                        net of tax                                                  -                 -   (6,205,902)     (6,205,902)
                        Total comprehensive income for the
                        year                                                        -       7,310,236     (6,205,902)      1,104,334




For personal use only
                        Transactions with owners in their
                        capacity as owners
                        Share issue                                13      2,000,000                  -              -     2,000,000
                        Share issue costs                                  (211,295)                  -       60,000       (151,295)
                        Conversion of options                                300,000                  -              -       300,000
                        Share based payments                       15               -                 -      416,196         416,196
                        Transfer of expired rights and options                     -           705,280     (705,280)                -
                        Balance at 31 December 2025                      163,121,687      (86,741,792)     9,809,221      86,189,116




                                                                          Issued        Accumulated
                                                                  Note    capital          losses         Reserves          Total
                        Consolidated                                         $                $              $                $
                        Balance at 1 January 2024                        153,530,914      (79,398,171)    (7,919,429)     66,213,314

                        Loss after income tax expense for the
                        year                                                        -     (15,450,292)               -   (15,450,292)
                        Other comprehensive income for the
                        year, net of tax                                            -                 -   23,516,002      23,516,002
                        Total comprehensive loss for the year                       -     (15,450,292)    23,516,002       8,065,710

                        Transactions with owners in their
                        capacity as owners
                        Share issue                                13      7,522,190                  -              -     7,522,190
                        Share issue costs                                   (20,122)                  -              -       (20,122)
                        Share based payments                       15               -                 -      738,789         738,789
                        Transfer of expired rights                                 -            91,155      (91,155)                -
                        Balance at 31 December 2024                      161,032,982      (94,757,308)    16,244,207       82,519,881




                           The above statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes




                                                                                                                                    24
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                                         Note         2025            2024
                                                                                                        $               $
                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                          (1,161,901)     (1,598,921)
                        Interest paid                                                                           -           (422)
                        Interest received                                                               185,489         371,047
                        Net cash used in operating activities                             26           (976,412)     (1,228,296)


                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Advance to Puna Mining S.A.                                                  (1,227,397)    (12,032,885)
                        Payments for exploration and evaluation expenditure                          (1,544,303)     (2,149,449)
                        Payments for plant and equipment                                                     (61)           (316)




For personal use only
                        Net cash used in investing activities                                        (2,771,761)    (14,182,650)


                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Proceeds from issue of shares                                                  2,000,000      7,522,190
                        Share issue costs                                                              (151,295)       (20,122)
                        Proceeds from exercise of options                                                300,000              -
                        Interest paid on lease liabilities                                              (14,464)       (21,764)
                        Repayment of lease liabilities                                                  (60,770)       (62,094)
                        Net cash from financing activities                                             2,073,471      7,418,210


                        Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                  (1,674,702)     (7,992,736)
                        Effect of foreign exchange on cash on hand                                      (26,915)        101,485
                        Cash at the beginning of the financial year                                    5,960,280     13,851,531
                        Cash at the end of the financial year                             8            4,258,663      5,960,280




                        The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes




                                                                                                                                25
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                        1.   General information

                        The financial report covers Argosy Minerals Limited as a Group consisting of Argosy Minerals Limited and the
                        entities it controlled. The financial report is presented in Australian dollars, which is Argosy Minerals Limited's
                        functional and presentation currency.

                        The financial report consists of the financial statements, notes to the financial statements and the directors'
                        declaration.

                        Argosy Minerals Limited is a listed public company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia.
                        Its registered office and principal place of business is:

                        Level 2
                        22 Mount Street
                        Perth WA 6000




For personal use only
                        A description of the nature of the Group's operations and its principal activities are included in the directors'
                        report, which is not part of the financial report.

                        The financial report was authorised for issue, in accordance with a resolution of directors, on 30 March 2026.
                        The directors have the power to amend and reissue the financial report.

                        2.   Material accounting policy information

                        The material accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are set out below.
                        These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

                        New or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations adopted
                        The Group has adopted all standards which became effective for the first time for the year ended 31
                        December 2025. The adoption of new accounting standards applicable to the Group has not had a material
                        impact on the financial statements.

                        Any new, revised or amending Accounting Standards or Interpretations that are not yet mandatory have not
                        been early adopted and are not expected to have a material impact on the Group.

                        Basis of preparation
                        These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting
                        Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board ('AASB') and the
                        Corporations Act 2001, as appropriate for for-profit oriented entities. These financial statements also comply
                        with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

                        Rounding of amounts
                        The Group is of a kind referred to in Corporations Instrument 2016/191, issued by the Australia Securities and
                        Investments Commission, relating to ‘rounding-off’. Amounts in this report have been rounded off in
                        accordance with the Corporations Instrument to the nearest dollar.

                        Historical cost convention
                        The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for, where
                        applicable, the revaluation of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value
                        through other comprehensive income, and certain classes of property, plant and equipment.

                        Critical accounting estimates
                        The preparation of the financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also
                        requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies.
                        The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
                        are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed in Note 3.
                                                                                                                                         26
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        Going Concern
                        The financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis, which contemplates the continuity
                        of normal business activities and the realisation of assets and the discharge of liabilities in the normal course of
                        business.

                        The Group had net cash outflows from operating activities and investing activities respectively of $976,412
                        (2024: $1,228,296) and $2,771,761 (2024: $14,182,650) for the year ended 31 December 2025. As at that date,
                        the Group had net current assets of $4,107,402 (2024: $5,524,884) including cash on hand of $4,258,663 (2024:
                        $5,960,280).

                        The ability of the Group to pay its debts as and when they fall due and to continue its exploration and
                        evaluation activities, hence the continued adoption of the going concern assumption, is dependent on the
                        Group raising additional funding as and when required, full or partial divestment of assets, or containing
                        expenditure in line with available funding. The Directors are confident that it will receive sufficient additional
                        funding.




For personal use only
                        On this basis, the directors are of the opinion that the financial statements should be prepared on a going
                        concern basis and that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due and payable.

                        Parent entity information
                        In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, these financial statements present the results of the Group
                        only. Supplementary information about the parent entity is disclosed in Note 23.

                        Principles of consolidation
                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of Argosy Minerals
                        Limited ('company' or 'parent entity') as at 31 December 2025 and the results of all subsidiaries for the year
                        then ended. Argosy Minerals Limited and its subsidiaries together are referred to in these financial statements
                        as the ‘Group’.

                        Subsidiaries are all those entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the
                        Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to
                        affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated
                        from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that
                        control ceases.

                        Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between entities in the Group are
                        eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of the impairment of
                        the asset transferred.

                        Foreign currency translation
                        The financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is Argosy Mineral Limited’s functional and
                        presentation currency.

                        Foreign currency transactions
                        Foreign currency transactions are translated into Australian dollars using the exchange rates prevailing at the
                        dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions
                        and from the translation at financial year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
                        in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                         27
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        Foreign operations
                        The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars using the exchange rates at
                        the reporting date. The revenues and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars
                        using the average exchange rates, which approximate the rates at the dates of the transactions, for the
                        period. All resulting foreign exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income through the
                        foreign currency reserve in equity.

                        The foreign currency reserve is recognised in profit or loss when the foreign operation or net investment is
                        disposed of.

                        Revenue recognition
                        Revenue is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefit will flow to the Group and the revenue
                        can be reliably measured. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable.

                        Interest




For personal use only
                        Interest revenue is recognised as interest accrues using the effective interest method.

                        Income Tax
                        The income tax expense or benefit for the period is the tax payable on that period's taxable income based on
                        the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
                        attributable to temporary differences, unused tax losses and the adjustment recognised for prior periods,
                        where applicable.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to apply
                        when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates that are enacted or
                        substantively enacted, except for:
                                •    When the deferred income tax asset or liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an
                                     asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the
                                     transaction, affects neither the accounting nor taxable profits; or
                                •    When the taxable temporary difference is associated with interests in subsidiaries, associates or
                                     joint ventures, and the timing of the reversal can be controlled and it is probable that the
                                     temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                        Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is
                        probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                        The carrying amount of recognised and unrecognised deferred tax assets are reviewed each reporting date.
                        Deferred tax assets recognised are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that future taxable
                        profits will be available for the carrying amount to be recovered. Previously unrecognised deferred tax assets
                        are recognised to the extent that it is probable that there are future taxable profits available to recover the
                        asset.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
                        assets against current tax liabilities and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities; and they relate to
                        the same taxable authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entity's which intend to settle
                        simultaneously.

                        Cash and cash equivalents
                        Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-
                        term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to
                        known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.




                                                                                                                                         28
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        Right-of-use assets
                        A right-of-use asset is recognised at the commencement date of a lease. The right-of-use asset is measured at
                        cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability, adjusted for, as applicable, any lease payments
                        made at or before the commencement date net of any lease incentives received, any initial direct costs
                        incurred, and, except where included in the cost of inventories, an estimate of costs expected to be incurred
                        for dismantling and removing the underlying asset, and restoring the site or asset.

                        Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the unexpired period of the lease or the
                        estimated useful life of the asset, whichever is the shorter. Where the Group expects to obtain ownership of the
                        leased asset at the end of the lease term, the depreciation is over its estimated useful life. Right-of use assets
                        are subject to impairment or adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

                        Exploration and evaluation assets
                        Exploration and evaluation expenditure in relation to separate areas of interest for which rights of tenure are
                        current is carried forward as an asset in the statement of financial position where it is expected that the




For personal use only
                        expenditure will be recovered through the successful development and exploitation of an area of interest, or
                        by its sale; or exploration activities are continuing in an area and activities have not reached a stage which
                        permits a reasonable estimate of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves. Where a
                        project or an area of interest has been abandoned, the expenditure incurred thereon is written off in the year
                        in which the decision is made.

                        Impairment of non-financial assets
                        Non-financial assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
                        the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the
                        asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.

                        Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. The value-in-use is
                        the present value of the estimated future cash flows relating to the asset using a pre-tax discount rate specific
                        to the asset or cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Assets that do not have independent cash
                        flows are grouped together to form a cash-generating unit.

                        Joint ventures
                        A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
                        rights to the net assets of the arrangement. Investments in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity
                        method. Under the equity method, the share of the profits or losses of the joint ventures is recognised in profit
                        or loss and the share of the movements in equity is recognised in other comprehensive income. Investments in
                        joint ventures are carried in the statement of financial position at cost plus post-acquisition changes in the
                        Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture. Goodwill relating to the joint venture is included in the carrying
                        amount of the investment and is neither amortised nor individually tested for impairment. Income earned from
                        joint venture entities reduce the carrying amount of the investment.

                        Accounting policies of joint ventures have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the
                        policies adopted by the Group.

                        Hyper-inflation
                        From 1 July 2018, Argentina was declared a hyper-inflationary economy due to the significant devaluation of
                        the Argentine Peso (ARS). Hyper-inflation accounting is applied to the Group’s joint venture interest before
                        translation. The functional currency for the joint venture is ARS. The assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of
                        the joint venture are translated into Australian dollars (the presentation currency) using the exchange rates at
                        the reporting date. All resulting foreign exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income
                        through the foreign currency translation reserve in equity. Comparative amounts presented previously are not
                        restated.




                                                                                                                                         29
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        The ongoing retranslation of comparative amounts is defined as the combined effect of restatement and
                        translation given the inter-relationship between inflation and exchange rates. This effect is recognised as a net
                        change for the year in other comprehensive income (OCI).

                        Trade and other payables
                        These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the
                        financial year and which are unpaid. Due to their short-term nature they are measured at amortised cost and
                        are not discounted. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition.

                        Lease liabilities
                        A lease liability is recognised at the commencement date of a lease. The lease liability is initially recognised at
                        the present value of the lease payments to be made over the term of the lease, discounted using the interest
                        rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group's incremental borrowing rate.
                        Lease payments comprise of fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments
                        that depend on an index or a rate, amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees, exercise




For personal use only
                        price of a purchase option when the exercise of the option is reasonably certain to occur, and any
                        anticipated termination penalties. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are
                        expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


                        Lease liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The carrying amounts are
                        remeasured if there is a change in the following: future lease payments arising from a change in an index or a
                        rate used; residual guarantee; lease term; certainty of a purchase option and termination penalties. When a
                        lease liability is remeasured, an adjustment is made to the corresponding right-of use asset, or to profit or loss if
                        the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is fully written down.


                        Share-based payments
                        Equity-settled transactions are awards of shares or options over shares that are provided in exchange for the
                        rendering of services. Cash-settled transactions are awards of cash for the exchange of services, where the
                        amount of cash is determined by reference to the share price.

                        The cost of equity-settled transactions are measured with reference to the fair value of the goods or services
                        received when able to be measured reliably. If the Group is unable to measure the fair value of the goods or
                        services received, then the fair value is determined using an appropriate valuation model that takes into
                        account the exercise price, the term of the option, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and
                        expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for
                        the term of the option, together with non-vesting conditions that do not determine whether the Group
                        receives the services that entitle the employees to receive payment. No account is taken of any other vesting
                        conditions.

                        The cost of equity-settled transactions are recognised as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity
                        over the vesting period. The cumulative charge to profit or loss is calculated based on the grant date fair
                        value of the award, the best estimate of the number of awards that are likely to vest and the expired portion
                        of the vesting period. The amount recognised in profit or loss for the period is the cumulative amount
                        calculated at each reporting date less amounts already recognised in previous periods.

                        Market conditions are taken into consideration in determining fair value. Therefore, any awards subject to
                        market conditions are considered to vest irrespective of whether or not that market condition has been met,
                        provided all other conditions are satisfied.




                                                                                                                                          30
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        Fair value measurement
                        When an asset or liability, financial or non-financial, is measured at fair value for recognition or disclosure
                        purposes, the fair value is based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
                        liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date; and assumes that the
                        transaction will take place either: in the principal market; or in the absence of a principal market, in the most
                        advantageous market.


                        Fair value is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
                        liability, assuming they act in their economic best interest. For non-financial assets, the fair value measurement
                        is based on its highest and best use. Valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for
                        which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, are used, maximising the use of relevant observable
                        inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.


                        Issued Capital




For personal use only
                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity.


                        Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
                        deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


                        3.   Critical accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions

                        The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
                        assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements. Management continually evaluates
                        its judgements and estimates in relation to assets, liabilities, contingent liabilities, revenue and expenses.
                        Management bases its judgements, estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on other various
                        factors, including expectations of future events, management believes to be reasonable under the
                        circumstances. The resulting accounting judgements and estimates will seldom equal the related actual
                        results. The judgements, estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
                        adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities (refer to the respective notes) within the next
                        financial year are discussed below.

                        Exploration and evaluation
                        The Group’s accounting policy for exploration and evaluation expenditure results in expenditure being
                        capitalised for an area of interest where it is considered likely to be recoverable by future exploitation or sale
                        or where the activities have not reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the existence of
                        reserves. This policy requires management to make certain estimates as to future events and circumstances, in
                        particular whether an economically viable extraction operation can be established. Any such estimates and
                        assumptions may change as new information becomes available. If, after having capitalised the expenditure
                        under the policy, a judgement is made that recovery of the expenditure is unlikely, the relevant capitalised
                        amount will be written off to profit and loss.

                        Share based payment transactions
                        The cost of equity-settled transactions are measured with reference to the fair value of the goods or services
                        received when able to be measured reliably. If the Group is unable to measure the fair value of the goods or
                        services received, then the fair value is determined using an appropriate valuation model taking into account
                        the terms and conditions upon which the instruments were granted. The accounting estimates and
                        assumptions relating to equity-settled share-based payments would have no impact on the carrying amounts
                        of assets and liabilities within the next annual reporting period but may impact profit or loss and equity.




                                                                                                                                        31
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        Impairment of non-financial assets
                        Determining the recoverability of exploration and evaluation expenditure capitalised in accordance with the
                        Group’s accounting policy requires judgements as to future events and circumstances, in particular, whether
                        successful development and commercial exploitation, or alternatively sale, of the respective areas of interest
                        will be achieved. If, after having capitalised the expenditure, a judgement is made that recovery of the
                        expenditure is unlikely, an impairment loss is recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                        comprehensive income. The carrying amounts of exploration and evaluation assets are set out in Note 9.

                        Assessment of control – Joint venture accounting
                        AASB 11 Joint Arrangements requires an investor to have contractually agreed the sharing of control when
                        making decisions about the relevant activities (in other words requiring the unanimous consent of the parties
                        sharing control). However, what these activities are is a matter of judgement.

                        Joint control exists for all joint arrangements where the Group has purchased its rights, or met its earn-in
                        requirements, with each being classified as joint operations under AASB 11 Joint Arrangements on the basis




For personal use only
                        that the binding arrangements signed between the participants establish a contractually agreed sharing of
                        control with decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing
                        control.

                        It is the Group’s view that it jointly controls Puna Mining S.A. This is primarily as a result of the equal board
                        representation within Puna Mining S.A. for the Company, and other shareholders, and majority being required
                        for material management body decisions. This includes decisions over the relevant activities that affect the
                        returns of the joint arrangement.

                        Assessment of recoverable value of the Rincon Lithium Project Cash Generating Unit (‘CGU’)
                        Determining the recoverable value of the balances associated with the Rincon Lithium Project CGU requires
                        judgements as to future events and circumstances, in particular, whether successful development and
                        commercial exploitation, or alternatively sale, of the project will be achieved.

                        The balances associated with the Rincon Lithium Project CGU include: exploration and evaluation assets,
                        advances to Puna Mining S.A., and the investment accounted for using equity method – Puna Mining S.A.

                        Inputs into making this assessment include; the current Mineral Resource Estimates and Exploration Targets,
                        lithium carbonate prices, and foreign exchange rates. At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether
                        indicators of impairment or reversal of impairment exist in respect of the balances associated with the Rincon
                        Lithium Project. Where such indicators are identified, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the
                        relevant asset, asset group or investment and recognises an impairment loss or reversal of impairment, as
                        appropriate, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                        The carrying amounts of the balances associated with the Rincon Lithium Project CGU, together with the key
                        assumptions applied in assessing recoverable value, are set out in Note 11.




                                                                                                                                       32
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        4.   Operating segments

                        Identification of reportable operating segments
                        The Group has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by
                        the Board of Directors (the chief operating decision makers) in assessing performance and in determining the
                        allocation of resources.

                        The Group’s reportable segments have been identified around geographical areas and regulatory
                        environments. The following table presents non-current asset information regarding the relevant segments for
                        the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 for the Group.

                                                                                       Argentina      United States of         Total
                        Segment Information                                                                America
                        Segment assets and liabilities – at 31 December 2025                   $                   $              $




For personal use only
                        Segment exploration assets                                       10,706,772        1,107,350     11,814,122
                        Segment loan receivable                                          30,149,144                -     30,149,144
                        Segment investment                                               40,041,529                -     40,041,529
                        Segment total                                                    80,897,445        1,107,350     82,004,795
                        Corporate assets                                                                                  4,735,241
                        Corporate liabilities                                                                             (275,459)
                        Total                                                                                            86,464,577

                        Segment assets and liabilities – at 31 December 2024

                        Segment exploration assets                                        8,474,602        1,023,856      9,498,458
                        Segment loan receivable                                          27,614,218                -     27,614,218
                        Segment investment                                               39,811,180                -     39,811,180
                        Segment total                                                    75,900,000        1,023,856     76,923,856
                        Corporate assets                                                                                  7,068,777
                        Corporate liabilities                                                                             (736,376)
                        Total                                                                                            83,256,257

                        5.   Depreciation                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                                          $              $

                        Depreciation of plant and equipment                                                 11,714           7,434
                        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                 69,122          69,122
                                                                                                            80,836          76,556




                                                                                                                                  33
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        6.   Income tax expense                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                 2025            2024
                                                                                                                   $              $


                        Components of income tax expense comprise of:
                        Current tax benefit                                                                              -                  -
                        Deferred tax benefit                                                                             -                  -
                        Offset against deferred tax asset not recognised                                           477,081            755,001
                        (Over) provision in prior years                                                          (477,081)          (755,001)
                                                                                                                         -                  -

                        Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense and tax at the statutory
                        rate
                        Profit/(loss) before income tax expense                                                  7,310,236       (15,450,292)

                        Tax at the statutory tax rate of 30% (2024: 30%)                                         2,193,072        (4,635,088)




For personal use only
                        Tax effect amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating
                        taxable income                                                                         (2,497,621)         4,150,507

                                                                                                                 (304,549)          (484,581)

                        Current year tax losses not recognised                                                     304,549           484,581
                        Current year temporary differences not recognised                                                -                 -
                        Income tax expense                                                                               -                 -

                        Tax losses not recognised
                        Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised                   30,802,777        31,377,883
                        Potential tax benefit at 30%                                                             9,240,833         9,413,365


                        The above potential tax benefit for tax losses has not been recognised in the statement of financial position.
                        These tax losses can only be utilised in the future if the continuity of ownership test is passed, or failing that, the
                        same business test is passed.

                        7.   Cash and cash equivalents                                                               Consolidated
                                                                                                                 2025            2024
                                                                                                                   $              $

                        Cash at bank                                                                             4,258,663         5,960,280

                        Deposits at calls are made for varying periods of between one day and three months, depending on the
                        immediate cash requirements of the Group. Information about the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk is
                        disclosed in Note 17.




                                                                                                                                            34
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        8.   Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities

                        The Group has a lease that relates to the Company’s office premises. Amounts recognised in the statement of
                        financial position and the carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and the
                        movement during the period are as follows:

                                                                                                               Consolidated
                                                                                                           2025            2024
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                  $              $

                        At cost                                                                              276,487          276,487
                        Accumulated depreciation                                                           (201,605)        (132,483)
                                                                                                              74,882          144,044

                        Reconciliations




For personal use only
                        Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year
                        are set out below:

                        Balance at 1 January                                                                 144,004            213.126
                        Depreciation                                                                        (69,122)           (69,122)
                        Balance at 31 December                                                                74,882           144,004

                                                                                                               Consolidated
                                                                                                           2025            2024
                        Lease Liabilities                                                                    $              $

                        Current                                                                               86,553           73,324
                        Non-current                                                                            7,424           93,977
                                                                                                              93,977          167,301

                        9.   Exploration and evaluation assets                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                                             $              $

                        Exploration and evaluation assets                                                 11,814,122        9,498,458

                        Reconciliations
                        Reconciliations of the written down values at the beginning and end of the current and previous financial year
                        are set out below:

                        Balance at 1 January                                                               9,498,458          8,139,006
                        Expenditure capitalised during the year                                            1,270,678          2,490,788
                        Impairment reversed/(recognised) during the year (refer to note 11)                1,110,073        (1,203,690)
                        Foreign exchange movement                                                           (65,087)             72,354
                        Balance at 31 December                                                            11,814,122          9,498,458

                        The recoverability of the carrying amount of the exploration and evaluation assets is dependent upon the
                        successful development and commercial exploitation or, alternatively, sale of the respective areas of interest.




                                                                                                                                     35
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        10. Advance to Puna Mining S.A.                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                                             $              $

                        Balance 1 January                                                                  27,614,218        17,136,650
                        Loans provided                                                                      1,227,397        12,032,885
                        Impairment reversed/(recognised) during the year (refer to note 11)                 3,658,569       (3,922,185)
                        Foreign currency movement                                                         (2,351,040)         2,366,868
                        Balance 31 December                                                               30,149,144        27,614,218

                        The Company provides funding to Puna Mining via cash calls and paid expenditure to fund development and
                        expenditure in Argentina. Puna Mining is the operating vehicle for the Rincon Project located in Argentina. As
                        per the Agreement between these two entities, the advance converts into equity in the project upon Argosy
                        fulfilling all its funding and other requirements. The loan is designated in US dollars.




For personal use only
                        As per the Second Earn-in Joint Venture Agreement, to achieve Phase 3, the Company must invest US$135
                        million into the Puna Mining S.A. joint venture. At the completion of Phase 3, the outstanding loans convert to
                        equity, which will result in the Company owning 90% of the joint venture.

                        11. Joint venture accounted for using the equity method


                        The Company has a 77.5% interest in Puna Mining S.A. - the entity that owns the Rincon Lithium Project located
                        in the "Lithium Triangle" in Salta Province, Argentina. The Puna Mining S.A. board comprises of four directors,
                        including two representing Argosy. As there is even representation, joint control exists.

                        The Company has joint control over this investment, which as a joint venture is accounted for using the equity
                        method.

                        Name of associate     Principal activity     Place of                      Portion of ownership interest
                                                                     incorporation and
                                                                     operation
                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                        Puna Mining S.A.      Mining exploration     Argentina                            77.5%                    77.5%

                        The carrying amount of the investment in Puna Mining S.A. has changed as follows during the year:

                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                    $                      $

                        Beginning at 1 January                                                        39,811,180              27,014,153
                        Share of profit/(loss) in joint venture                                        1,067,040             (4,989,333)
                        Impairment reversed/(recognised) during the year                               5,304,469             (5,654,581)
                        Foreign exchange translation                                                 (6,141,160)              23,440,941
                        Balance at 31 December                                                       40,041,529              39,811,180

                        The Company has the right to ultimately earn a 90% interest in Puna Mining S.A. subject to terms and
                        conditions outlined in the Second Earn-in Joint Venture Agreement. To achieve Phase 3, the Company must
                        invest US$135million into the Puna Mining S.A. joint venture. At the completion of Phase 3, the outstanding
                        loans convert to equity, which will result in the Company owning 90% of the joint venture.

                        Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Information relating to
                        joint ventures that are material to the Group are set out below, these have been translated from Argentinian
                        Peso:




                                                                                                                                      36
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                             $                 $

                        Current assets                                                                       2,223,882          5,104,022
                        Non-current assets                                                                  63,472,926         73,569,648
                        Total assets                                                                        65,696,808         78,673,670

                        Current liabilities                                                                    443,101            817,214
                        Non-current liabilities                                                             30,460,090         39,221,107
                        Total liabilities                                                                   30,903,191         40,038,321

                        Net assets                                                                          34,793,617         38,635,349

                        Revenue                                                                                829,090             448,280
                        Profit/(loss) from continuing operations                                             1,376,826         (6,437,849)
                        Profit/(loss) for the year                                                           1,376,826         (6,437,849)
                        Other comprehensive income                                                                   -                   -




For personal use only
                        Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                       1,376,826         (6,437,849)


                        Reconciliation of share of income in interest in Puna Mining S.A. is as follows:


                                                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                                                                          $             $


                        Total comprehensive profit/(loss) for the year                                            1,376,826    (6,437,849)
                        Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest                                                  77.5%         77.5%
                        Share of profit/(loss) in joint venture                                                   1,067,040    (4,989,333)


                        The investment in Puna Mining S.A. has been accounted for as an investment in a joint venture based on the
                        composition of the Puna Mining S.A. board and the terms of the Second Earn-in Joint Venture Agreement.
                        Investments in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the share
                        of the profits or losses of the joint venture is recognised in profit or loss.

                        Investments in joint ventures are carried in the statement of financial position at cost plus post-acquisition
                        changes in the Group's share of net assets of the joint venture. Adjustments were made for consistency with
                        group account policies, which that the net impact of increasing non-current assets by $15,515,893 and
                        increasing profit from continuing operations by the same amount.

                        The share of the movements in equity is recognised in other comprehensive income and relates to exchange
                        differences arising from translation of foreign operations to Australia dollars.

                        Impairment
                        During the prior year, the Company obtained an independent experts’ valuation on the Rincon Lithium
                        Project. The Company accounts for the Rincon Lithium Project exploration and evaluation asset, advances to
                        Puna Mining S.A. and investment in Puna Mining S.A. as one grouped cash generating unit (CGU). The
                        independent expert determined that a normalised comparable transaction valuation, supported by both a
                        yardstick and prospectivity enhancement multiplier valuation methods, was considered the preferred
                        measure of fair value of the Rincon Lithium Project. It was concluded that Argosy’s 77.5% proportional interest
                        had a total fair value of $75,900,000 as at 31 December 2024.

                        In accordance with AASB 136, an impairment loss of $10,780,455 was provided for at 31 December 2024 and
                        allocated pro-rata on the basis of the carrying value of each asset in the CGU.

                        As at 31 December 2025, it was concluded that no indicators of impairment were present in relation to the
                        Group’s net investment in the CGU.
                                                                                                                                            37
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        In accordance with AASB 136, the Company assessed whether there was any indication that the impairment
                        loss recognised in prior periods no longer exists or may have decreased. As part of that assessment, at 31
                        December 2025, the significant favourable changes to the global average lithium carbonate price and
                        exchange rates compared to those used within the independent experts’ valuation indicated as such.

                        The Company undertook an internal valuation, utilising a yardstick valuation method to assess the CGU’s
                        recoverable amount. All assumptions and inputs remained the same as the initial independent experts’
                        valuation, with the exception of an updated global average lithium carbonate spot price (being the
                        published price obtained from S&P Global IQ at year end, noting this is lower than the medium-to-long term
                        forecasted prices), AUD/USD foreign exchange rate (obtained from the Reserve Bank of Australia), and the
                        depletion of existing stockpiles (no stockpiles remaining at year end, Mineral Resource Estimate and
                        Exploration Target unchanged from initial valuation).

                        As a result of this assessment, the previously recognised impairment loss was reversed to a level conservatively
                        low within the updated valuation range as at 31 December 2025.

                                                                   Note     Carrying value      Reversal/(Recognition)       Closing




For personal use only
                                                                                                    of impairment            balance
                                                                                   $                       $                    $
                            Rincon Lithium Project CGU
                            Exploration and evaluation assets
                            (relating to Rincon Lithium Project)    9         9,596,699               1,110,073             10,706,772
                            Advances to Puna Mining S.A.            10        26,490,575              3,658,569             30,149,144
                            Investment accounted for using
                            the equity method – Puna Mining
                            S.A.                                    11        34,737,060               5,304,469            40,041,529
                            Balance as at 31 December 2025                    70,824,336              10,073,109            80,897,445

                            Rincon Lithium Project CGU
                            Exploration and evaluation assets
                            (relating to Rincon Lithium Project)    9         9,678,292               (1,203,690)            8,474,602
                            Advances to Puna Mining S.A.            10        31,536,403              (3,922,185)           27,614,218
                            Investment accounted for using
                            the equity method – Puna Mining
                            S.A.                                    11        45,465,760              (5,654,580)           39,811,180
                            Balance as at 31 December 2024                    86,680,455             (10,780,455)           75,900,000

                        12. Trade and other payables                                                                Consolidated

                                                                                                               2025            2024
                                                                                                                 $              $

                        Trade payables                                                                           40,746            560,276
                        Other payables                                                                          140,736              8,799
                                                                                                                181,482            569,075




                                                                                                                                         38
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        13. Issued capital                                                       Consolidated
                                                                               2025            2024           2025             2024
                                                                         No. of shares   No. of shares           $                $

                            Ordinary shares – fully paid                 1,543,420,934   1,455,920,934     163,121,687     161,032,982

                            (a) Ordinary shares
                                                                                               No. of      Issue price
                            Date                                                              shares            $              $
                            At the beginning of the year – 1 January 2025                  1,455,920,934                   161,032,982
                            Placement – 11 July 2025                                          80,000,000          0.025      2,000,000
                            Options exercised – 18 December 2025                               7,500,000          0.040        300,000
                            Share issue costs                                                          -                     (211,295)
                            At the end of the year – 31 December 2025                      1,543,420,934                   163,121,687




For personal use only
                            At the beginning of the year – 1 January 2024                  1,404,407,498                   153,530,914
                            Placement - 29 May 2024                                           51,513,436          0.146      7,522,190
                            Share issue costs                                                          -                       (20,122)
                            At the end of the year – 31 December 2024                      1,455,920,934                   161,032,982

                        Ordinary shares
                        Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the
                        company in proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. The fully paid ordinary shares
                        have no par value and the company does not have a limited amount of authorised capital.

                        Every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and upon a poll each share
                        shall have one vote.

                        Share buy-back
                        There is no current on-market share buy-back.

                        (b) Capital risk management

                        The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so
                        that it can provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimum
                        capital structure to reduce the cost of capital. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group
                        may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or
                        sell assets to reduce debt.

                        The Group would look to raise capital when an opportunity to invest in a business or company was seen as
                        value adding relative to the current parent entity's share price at the time of the investment. The Group is not
                        actively pursuing additional investments in the short term as it continues to integrate and grow its existing
                        businesses in order to maximise synergies.

                        The capital risk management policy remains unchanged from the prior year Annual Report.




                                                                                                                                      39
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        14. Reserves                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                                                              $               $

                             Options reserve                                                                  3,612,406        3,612,406
                             Share-based payments reserve                                                     3,865,033        4,094,117
                             Foreign currency translation reserve                                             2,331,782        8,537,684
                                                                                                              9,809,221       16,244,207

                        Options reserve
                        This reserve is used to recognise the value of option equity benefits provided to employees and directors as
                        part of their remuneration, and other parties as part of their compensation for services.

                        Share-based payments reserve
                        This reserve is used to recognise the value of equity benefits provided to employees and directors as part of




For personal use only
                        their remuneration, and other parties as part of their compensation for services. This reserve is also used to
                        provide benefits to third parties for services performed.

                        Foreign currency translation reserve
                        This reserve is used to recognise exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of
                        foreign operations to Australian dollars. It is also used to recognise gains and losses on hedges of the net
                        investments in foreign operations. There are material movements arising from the hyperinflationary effect of
                        the Argentinian Peso to the consolidated financial report.

                        Movements in reserves
                                                                                                                Consolidated
                                                                                                             2025           2024
                             Options reserve                                                                  $               $

                             Balance 1 January                                                                3,612,406        3,612,406
                             Balance 31 December                                                              3,612,406        3,612,406

                                                                                                                Consolidated
                                                                                                             2025           2024
                             Share-based payments reserve                                                     $               $

                             Balance 1 January                                                                4,094,117        3,446,483
                             Share-based payments expense1                                                      416,196          738,789
                             Share-based payments recognised as share issue costs1                               60,000                -
                             Transfer to accumulated losses on expiry of share appreciation rights            (705,280)         (91,155)
                             and options
                             Balance 31 December                                                              3,865,033        4,094,117

                            1 Refer to Note 15 for details of share-based payments made during the year.



                                                                                                                Consolidated
                                                                                                             2025           2024
                             Foreign currency translation reserve                                             $               $

                             Balance 1 January                                                                 8,537,684    (14,978,318)
                             Translation of foreign operations                                               (6,205,902)      23,516,002
                             Balance 31 December                                                               2,331,782       8,537,684




                                                                                                                                        40
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                          15. Share based payments                                                                Consolidated
                                                                                                               2025           2024
                                                                                                                $               $

                         Share-based payments (Share appreciation rights)                                        379,574          634,748
                         Share-based payments (Options)                                                           36,622          104,041
                         Recognised in share-based payments expense                                              416,196          738,789

                         Share-based payments (options) recognised as share issue costs                           60,000                -

                        Share Appreciation Rights
                        During the year, there were no share appreciation rights granted (2024: nil).

                        After taking into account the probabilities of vesting criteria being met and the expected vesting date, the
                        expense recognised to 31 December 2025 was $379,574 (2024: $634,748), with the remaining amount to be
                        expensed over the vesting period. The expense realised in respect to the share appreciation rights is intended




For personal use only
                        to reflect the best available estimate of the number of share appreciation rights expected to vest.

                        A Lattice ESO model was used to determine the value of the share appreciation rights issued. The inputs have
                        been detailed below for each tranche:

                              Input                                              Tranche 1       Tranche 2          Tranche 3

                              Number of rights                                   1,500,000        2,000,000          1,000,000
                              Grant date                                       17/10/2022       17/10/2022         28/10/2022
                              Vesting date                                     17/10/2024       17/10/2025         28/04/2025
                              Expiry date                                      17/10/2027       17/10/2028         28/04/2028
                              Underlying share price                                $0.475           $0.475             $0.565
                              Exercise price                                        $0.497           $0.497             $0.539
                              Volatility                                               90%              90%                90%
                              Risk free rate                                         3.69%            3.69%              3.43%
                              Dividend yield                                            Nil              Nil                Nil
                              Value per right                                      $0.2810          $0.2983            $0.3522
                              Total fair value of rights                         $421,500         $596,600           $352,200
                              Share-based payment expense
                              recognised for the year ended 31
                              December 2024                                       $180,478        $181,321            $142,403
                              Share-based payment expense
                              recognised for the year ended 31
                              December 2025                                               -       $223,671             $60,854

                        The vesting conditions subject to the share appreciation rights issued during the year are as follows:
                            1. Vest at completion of twenty four (24) months service (17 October 2024) subject to remaining
                                 engaged as a full time consultant on the vesting date;
                            2. Vest at completion of thirty six (36) months service (17 October 2025) subject to remaining engaged as
                                 a full time consultant on the vesting date; and
                            3. Vest at completion of thirty (30) months service (28 April 2025) subject to remaining engaged as a full
                                 time consultant on the vesting date.




                                                                                                                                        41
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                             Input                                              Tranche 4        Tranche 5           Tranche 6

                              Number of rights                                   1,000,000       1,000,000            2,000,000
                              Grant date                                       28/10/2022      28/11/2022           28/11/2022
                              Vesting date                                     28/10/2026      17/10/2024           17/10/2025
                              Expiry date                                      28/10/2029      17/10/2027           17/10/2028
                              Underlying share price                                $0.565          $0.595               $0.595
                              Exercise price                                        $0.539          $0.541               $0.541
                              Volatility                                               90%             85%                  85%
                              Risk free rate                                         3.43%           3.30%                3.30%
                              Dividend yield                                            Nil             Nil                  Nil
                              Value per right                                      $0.3738         $0.3529              $0.3853
                              Total fair value of rights                         $373,800        $352,900             $770,600
                              Share-based payment expense recognised
                              for the year ended 31 December 2024                  $76,525        $179,974          ($125,954)
                              Share-based payment expense recognised




For personal use only
                              for the year ended 31 December 2025                  $95,049                -                    -

                        The vesting conditions subject to the share appreciation rights issued during the year are as follows:
                            4. Vest at completion of forty eight (48) months service (28 October 2026) subject to remaining engaged
                                 as a full time consultant on the vesting date;
                            5. Vest at completion of twenty four (24) months service (17 October 2024) subject to remaining
                                 engaged as a full time consultant on the vesting date; and
                            6. Vest at completion of thirty six (36) months service (17 October 2025) subject to remaining engaged as
                                 a full time consultant on the vesting date. Note at 31 December 2024 this vesting condition was
                                 incapable of being met, and as such, the accumulated share-based payment expense was reversed.

                        Set out below are the share appreciation rights exercisable at the end of the year:

                        Issue Date            Expiry Date            Exercise Price                2025 Number               2024 Number
                        20 April 2022         20 October 2025        $0.35                                     -                 1,500,000
                        20 April 2022         20 April 2026          $0.35                             1,500,000                 1,500,000
                        10 February 2023      17 October 2026        $0.497                            1,500,000                 1,500,000
                        10 February 2023      17 October 2027        $0.497                            1,500,000                 1,500,000
                        10 February 2023      17 October 2028        $0.497                            2,000,000                 2,000,000
                        10 February 2023      28 October 2026        $0.539                            1,000,000                 1,000,000
                        10 February 2023      28 October 2028        $0.539                            1,000,000                 1,000,000
                        10 February 2023      28 October 2029        $0.539                            1,000,000                 1,000,000
                        10 February 2023      28 November 2026       $0.541                            1,000,000                 1,000,000
                        10 February 2023      28 November 2027       $0.541                            1,000,000                 1,000,000
                        10 February 2023      28 November 2029       $0.541                                    -                 2,000,000
                                                                                                     11,500,000                15,000,000

                        Share appreciation rights outstanding:
                                                                                                            2025                         2024
                                                                                                         Number                       Number
                        Opening balance 1 January                                                      15,000,000                   18,500,000
                        Share appreciation rights issued during the year                                        -                            -
                        Share appreciation rights converted during the year                                     -                            -
                        Share appreciation rights lapsed during the year                              (2,000,000)                  (2,000,000)
                        Share appreciation rights expired during the year                             (1,500,000)                  (1,500,000)
                        Closing balance 31 December                                                   11,500,000                   15,000,000




                                                                                                                                           42
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        Options issued to non-executive Directors
                        No options were issued or granted to non-executive Directors during the year (2024: nil).

                        After taking into account the probabilities of vesting criteria being met and the expected vesting date, the
                        expense recognised to 31 December 2025 was $36,622 (2024: $104,041), with the remaining amount to be
                        expensed over the vesting period. The expense realised in respect to the options is intended to reflect the best
                        available estimate of the number of options expected to vest.

                        A Lattice ESO model was used to determine the value of the options issued. The inputs have been detailed
                        below for each tranche:

                             Input                                                Tranche 1       Tranche 2

                              Number of rights                                      400,000         400,000
                              Grant date                                         31/05/2022      31/05/2022
                              Vesting date                                       30/06/2024      30/06/2025




For personal use only
                              Expiry date                                        30/06/2025      30/06/2025
                              Underlying share price                                  $0.49           $0.49
                              Exercise price                                         $0.729          $0.729
                              Volatility                                                85%             85%
                              Risk free rate                                          2.86%           2.86%
                              Dividend yield                                             Nil             Nil
                              Value per right                                       $0.2263         $0.2317
                              Total fair value of rights                            $90,520         $92,680
                              Share-based payment expense recognised
                              for the year ended 31 December 2024                   $25,092          $38,912
                              Share-based payment expense recognised
                              for the year ended 31 December 2025                          -         $12,290

                        The vesting conditions subject to the options issued during the year are as follows:
                            1. Vest on 30 June 2024, subject to remaining as a director of the Company; and
                            2. Vest on 30 June 2025, subject to remaining as a director of the Company.

                             Input                                                Tranche 1       Tranche 2          Tranche 3

                              Number of rights                                      200,000         200,000            200,000
                              Grant date                                         27/06/2023      27/06/2023         27/06/2023
                              Vesting date                                       27/06/2024      27/06/2025         27/03/2026
                              Expiry date                                        30/06/2026      30/06/2026         30/06/2026
                              Underlying share price                                  $0.38           $0.38              $0.38
                              Exercise price                                         $0.729          $0.729             $0.729
                              Volatility                                                85%             85%                85%
                              Risk free rate                                          3.91%           3.91%              3.91%
                              Dividend yield                                             Nil             Nil                Nil
                              Value per right                                       $0.1444         $0.1529            $0.1569
                              Total fair value of rights                            $28,880         $30,580            $31,380
                              Share-based payment expense recognised
                              for the year ended 31 December 2024                   $14,862          $15,719            $9,456
                              Share-based payment expense recognised
                              for the year ended 31 December 2025                          -          $8,603           $15,729

                        The vesting conditions subject to the options issued during the period are as follows:
                            1. Vest on 27 June 2024, subject to remaining as a director of the Company;
                            2. Vest on 27 June 2025, subject to remaining as a director of the Company; and
                            3. Vest on 27 March 2026, subject to remaining as a director of the Company.




                                                                                                                                     43
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        Options issued to lead manager
                        During the year, 7,500,000 listed options were issued to a lead manager for services provided in relation to the
                        July 2025 Placement (2024: nil). As the listed options are quoted on an active market, the fair value of the
                        options could be readily determined at $0.008 per option. $60,000 was recognised within share issue costs in
                        respect of these options.

                        Options
                        Set out below are the options exercisable at the end of the financial year:

                        Issue Date             Expiry Date             Exercise Price                2025 Number              2024 Number
                        31 May 2022            30 June 2025            $0.729                                    -                1,200,000
                        27 June 2023           30 June 2026            $0.729                              600,000                  600,000
                        1 August 2025          1 August 2028           $0.04                            39,999,996                        -
                                                                                                       40,599,996                1,800,000

                        Attached to the Placement on 11 July 2025, placement participants were issued with one listed option




For personal use only
                        exercisable at $0.04 and expiring 1 August 2028 for every two shares purchased.

                        Options outstanding:

                                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                                           Number                  Number

                        Opening balance 1 January                                                         1,800,000               1,800,000
                        Options issued during the year                                                   47,499,996                       -
                        Options converted during the year                                               (7,500,000)                       -
                        Options expired during the year                                                 (1,200,000)                       -
                        Closing balance 31 December                                                     40,599,996                1,800,000


                        16. Dividends

                        There were no dividends paid, recommended or declared during the current or previous financial year.


                        17. Financial instruments

                        Financial risk management objectives
                        The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign currency risk, price
                        risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management program focuses on
                        the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial
                        performance of the Group. The Group manages risk using a variety of methods, dependent upon the nature
                        of the risk and the options available to the Group.

                        Risk management is carried out by the Board of Directors ('the Board') using policies that include identification
                        and analysis of the risk exposure of the Group and appropriate procedures, controls and risk limits.

                        Market risk
                        Foreign currency risk
                        Foreign exchange risks arise when future commercial transactions and recognised financial assets and
                        financial liabilities are denominated in a currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The Group is
                        primarily exposed to the fluctuations in the US dollar and the Argentinian Peso, as the Group holds US dollar
                        bank deposits and much of the Group’s exploration costs and contracts are denominated in US dollars and
                        Argentinian Pesos.

                        The Group aims to reduce and manage its foreign exchange risk by holding funds in a US dollar account so
                        that the exchange rate is crystallised early and future fluctuations in rates for settlement of US dollar
                        denominated payables are avoided. The Group does not currently undertake any hedging of foreign
                        currency items, however as the Group’s operations develop and expand, more sophisticated foreign
                        exchange risk strategies may be considered.

                                                                                                                                          44
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        The carrying amount of the Group’s foreign currency denominated financial assets and financial liabilities at
                        year end were as follows:

                                                                                   Consolidated                      Consolidated
                                                                                  Financial Assets                Financial Liabilities
                                                                                   2025            2024              2025              2024
                                                                                      $               $                 $                 $

                             US dollars                                       30,151,984       28,881,403                 -        295,391
                                                                              30,151,984       28,881,403                 -        295,391

                        There were no financial assets or financial liabilities denominated in Argentinian Pesos as at 31 December 2025
                        (2024: nil).

                        The Group had net financial liabilities in foreign currencies of $30,151,984 as at 31 December 2025 (2024:




For personal use only
                        $28,586,012). At 31 December 2025, +/-5% movement in the AUD/USD exchange rate would result in a
                        $1,507,599 (2024: $1,429,301) change in profit and equity.

                        Price risk
                        The Group is not exposed to any significant price risk.

                        Interest rate risk
                        Exposure arises predominantly from assets and liabilities bearing variable interest rates as the Group only holds
                        fixed rate liabilities. Financial assets held are cash at bank balances and do not give rise to significant interest
                        income. Interest rate risk is not considered to be material.

                        Credit risk
                        Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial
                        loss to the Group. The Group has a strict code of credit, including obtaining agency credit information,
                        confirming references and setting appropriate credit limits. The Group obtains guarantees where appropriate
                        to mitigate credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date to recognised financial assets
                        is the carrying amount, net of any provisions for impairment of those assets, as disclosed in the statement of
                        financial position and notes to the financial statements. The Group does not hold any collateral.

                        Liquidity risk
                        Vigilant liquidity risk management requires the Group to maintain sufficient liquid assets (mainly cash and cash
                        equivalents) and available borrowing facilities to be able to pay debts as and when they become due and
                        payable. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash reserves and available borrowing
                        facilities by continuously monitoring actual and forecast cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of
                        financial assets and liabilities.

                        Remaining contractual maturities
                        The following tables detail the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its financial instrument liabilities. The
                        tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest
                        date on which the financial liabilities are required to be paid. The tables include both interest and principal
                        cash flows disclosed as remaining contractual maturities and therefore these totals may differ from their
                        carrying amount in the statement of financial position.

                        The weighted average effective interest rate on cash for the year ended 31 December 2025 was 4.35% (2024:
                        3.98%).




                                                                                                                                              45
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                                                         Weighted       1 year or   Between 1      Between      Over 5           Remaining
                                                          average          less       and 2         2 and 5     years            contractual
                                                        interest rate                 years          years                        maturities
                        Consolidated - 2025                  %              $           $              $          $                   $
                        Non-derivatives
                        Non-interest bearing
                        Trade and other payables                    -     181,482              -           -             -           181,482

                        Interest-bearing – fixed rate
                        Lease liabilities                   12%            86,553         7,424            -             -            93,977
                        Total non-derivatives                             268,035         7,424            -             -           275,459

                        Consolidated - 2024
                        Non-derivatives
                        Non-interest bearing




For personal use only
                        Trade and other payables                    -     569,075              -           -             -           569,075

                        Interest-bearing – fixed rate
                        Lease liabilities                   12%            87,789        91,952       7,691              -           187,432
                        Total non-derivatives                             656,864        91,952       7,691              -           756,507

                        The cash flows in the maturity analysis above are not expected to occur significantly earlier than contractually
                        disclosed above.



                        Fair value of financial instruments
                        Unless otherwise stated, the carrying amounts of financial instruments reflect their fair value.

                        18. Key management personnel disclosures

                        Compensation
                        The aggregate compensation made to directors and other members of key management personnel of the
                        Group is set out below:
                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                                  $              $

                        Short-term employee benefits                                                             583,326                591,035
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                  18,867                 20,516
                        Share-based payments                                                                      36,622                104,041
                                                                                                                 638,815                715,592

                        19. Remuneration of auditors

                        During the year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditors of the Company:

                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                               2025           2024
                                                                                                                $               $
                        Pitcher Partners BA&A Pty Ltd
                        Audit or review of the financial statements                                                41,500                25,000
                        Non-audit services – tax compliance                                                           5,000                    -
                        RSM Australia Partners
                        Audit or review of the financial statements                                                          -           24,000
                        Non-audit services – tax compliance                                                             -                 7,500
                        Total                                                                                      46,500                56,500

                                                                                                                                               46
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        20. Contingent liabilities

                        There are no material contingent liabilities or contingent assets of the Group at reporting date.

                        21. Commitments

                        Licence Expenditure Commitments
                        Renewal fees are required to be paid annually to the U.S. Department of the Interior Bureau of Land
                        Management for tenements held as part of the Tonopah Lithium Project.

                        Capital commitments
                        There are no capital commitments contracted for at balance date.

                        22. Related party transactions

                        Parent entity
                        Argosy Minerals Limited is the parent entity.




For personal use only
                        Subsidiaries
                        Interests in subsidiaries are set out in Note 24.

                        Joint ventures
                        Interests in joint ventures are set out in Note 11.

                        Key Management personnel
                        Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in Note 18 and the remuneration report in the
                        directors' report.

                        Transactions with related parties
                        Ms Andrea Betti is a director and shareholder of Consilium Corporate Pty Ltd (Consilium). Consilium was paid
                        $216,000 (2024: $216,000) in relation to corporate secretarial and accounting services performed during the
                        year. The balance of trade payables owing to Consilium as at 31 December 2025 was $25,021 (2024: $25,021).
                        There were no other transactions with key management personnel and their related parties during the year
                        ended 31 December 2025.

                        Receivable from and payable to related parties
                        There were no amounts payable to related parties at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

                        Loans to/from related parties
                        There were no loans outstanding at the reporting date in relation to loans with related parties (2024: nil).




                                                                                                                                       47
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        23. Parent entity information

                        Set out below is the supplementary information about the parent entity.

                           Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive                                Parent
                           income
                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                   $                     $

                           Profit/(loss) after income tax                                            7,313,727         (15,444,777)
                           Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                       (6,141,159)           23,440,940
                           Total comprehensive income                                                1,172,568            7,996,163



                           Statement of financial position




For personal use only
                           Current assets                                                           4,335,688            6,167,281
                           Non-current assets                                                      82,089,140           77,032,998
                           Total assets                                                            86,424,828           83,200,279

                           Current liabilities                                                           268,035              642,398
                           Non-current liabilities                                                         7,424               93,977
                           Total liabilities                                                             275,459              736,375

                           Equity
                           Issued capital                                                         163,121,688          161,032,983
                           Reserves                                                                  9,793,489           16,163,733
                           Accumulated losses                                                     (98,043,531)         (94,732,813)
                           Total equity                                                             86,189,116           82,463,903

                        Guarantees entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries
                        The parent entity had no guarantees in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 and
                        2024.

                        Contingent liabilities
                        The parent entity had no contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                        Capital commitments
                        The parent entity had no capital commitments as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                        Significant accounting policies
                        The accounting policies of the parent entity are consistent with those of the Group, as disclosed in Note 2,
                        except for the following:
                            •    Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are accounted for at cost, less any
                                 impairment, in the parent entity.

                        24. Interests in subsidiaries
                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following wholly-
                        owned subsidiaries in accordance with the accounting policy described in Note 2:
                                                                                                       Ownership interest
                                                       Principal place of business/                2025                   2024
                        Name                           Country of incorporation                     %                       %

                        Argosy Minerals US Inc          United States of America                     100                  100




                                                                                                                                        48
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (continued)

                        25. Events after the reporting period
                        On 20 February 2026, Mr Peter De Leo resigned from his role as a non-executive director.

                        On 24 March 2026, 1,500,000 Share Appreciation Rights (SARs) expired without exercise or conversion.

                        No other matter or circumstance has arisen since 31 December 2025 that has significantly affected, or may
                        significantly affect the Group's operations, the results of those operations, or the Group's state of affairs in
                        future financial years.


                        26. Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash used in operating activities

                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                                                  $                 $


                        Loss after income tax expense for the year




For personal use only
                                                                                                            7,310,236         (15,450,292)


                        Adjustments for:
                        Depreciation                                                                           80,836               76,556
                        Impairment (reversal)/expense                                                    (10,073,109)           10,780,455
                        Share of (profit)/loss of JV accounted for using equity method                    (1,067,040)            4,989,333
                        Share-based payments                                                                  416,195              738,789
                        Foreign exchange loss/(gain)                                                        2,331,445          (2,541,815)
                        Other                                                                                  14,467               21,766


                        Change in operating assets and liabilities:
                        Increase in trade and other receivables                                                46,325               22,262
                        Increase in other assets                                                               14,346               35,781
                        (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables                                      (50,113)               98,869
                        Net cash used in operating activities                                               (976,412)          (1,228,296)

                        Non-cash investing and financing activities
                        There were no non-cash investing and financing activities during the year (2024: nil).


                        27. Earnings per share                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                 2025            2024
                                                                                                                   $              $

                        Profit/(loss) after income tax attributable to the owners of Argosy Minerals
                        Limited                                                                                  7,310,236       (15,450,292)

                                                                                                                  Number             Number
                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating basic
                        earnings per share                                                                1,494,345,592         1,434,949,614
                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating diluted
                        earnings per share                                                                1,506,445,592         1,434,949,614

                                                                                                                      Cents              Cents
                        Basic earnings/(loss) per share (cents)                                                        0.49              (1.08)
                        Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (cents)                                                      0.49              (1.08)




                                                                                                                                              49
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
                        AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025

                        Argosy Minerals Limited is required by Australian Accounting Standards to prepare consolidated financial
                        statements in relation to the Company and its controlled entities (the consolidated entity).

                              Entity Name          Entity Type     Place of business /   Ownership Australian or Foreign        Foreign
                                                                        Country of        interest       Resident            Jurisdiction of
                                                                      Incorporation                                        Foreign Residents
                        Argosy Minerals Limited Body Corporate          Australia           N/A           Australian               -
                           (the Company)

                         Argosy Minerals US Inc Body Corporate       United States of       100%             Foreign       United States of
                                                                         America                                               America


                        Basis of preparation
                        The consolidated entity disclosure statement (CEDS) has been prepared in accordance with subsection
                        Section 295 (3A) of the Corporations Act 2001. The entities listed in the statement are Argosy Minerals Limited




For personal use only
                        and all the entities it controls in accordance with AASB 10 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                        Key assumptions and judgements
                        Determination of tax residency
                        Section 295 (3A) Corporations Act requires that the tax residency of each entity which is included in the
                        Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement (CEDS) be disclosed. In the context of an entity which was an
                        Australian resident, "Australian resident" has the meaning provided in the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997
                        (Cth). The determination of tax residency involves judgment as the determination of tax residency is highly fact
                        dependent and there are currently several different interpretations that could be adopted, and which could
                        give rise to a different conclusion on residency.

                        In determining tax residency, the Group has applied the following interpretations:


                        Australian tax residency
                        The Group has applied current legislation and judicial precedent, including having regard to the
                        Commissioner of Taxation's public guidance in Tax Ruling TR 2018/5.


                        Foreign tax residency
                        The Group has applied current legislation and where available judicial precedent in the determination of
                        foreign tax residency. Where necessary, the Group has used independent tax advisers in foreign jurisdictions to
                        assist in its determination of tax residency to ensure applicable foreign tax legislation has been complied with.




                                                                                                                                       50
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        In the directors' opinion:

                            ▪    the attached financial statements and notes thereto comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the
                                 Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting
                                 requirements;

                            ▪    the attached financial statements and notes thereto comply with International Financial Reporting
                                 Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board;

                            ▪    the attached financial statements and notes thereto give a true and fair view of the Group's financial
                                 position as at 31 December 2025 and of its performance for the financial year ended on that date;

                            ▪    there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when
                                 they become due and payable; and




For personal use only
                            ▪    the information disclosed in the attached consolidated entity disclosure statement is true and correct.



                        The directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the Corporations
                        Act 2001.

                        On behalf of the directors




                        Jerko Zuvela
                        Managing Director

                        Date: 30 March 2026
                        Perth




                                                                                                                                      51
                                                                                            ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                                                                                               ABN 27 073 391 189

                                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                       TO THE MEMBERS OF ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED

                                  Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                                  Opinion

                                  We have audited the financial report of Argosy Minerals Limited (“the Company”) and its controlled
                                  entities (“the Group”), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
                                  December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
                                  consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
                                  then ended, and notes to the financial statements including material accounting policy information, the
                                  consolidated entity disclosure statement and the directors’ declaration.




For personal use only
                                  In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
                                  Act 2001, including:

                                        (a)           giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2025 and of
                                                      its financial performance for the year then ended; and
                                        (b)           complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                  Basis for Opinion

                                  We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                                  those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
                                  Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
                                  independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                                  Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                                  Accountants (including Independence Standards) (“the Code”) that are relevant to our audit of the
                                  financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
                                  the Code.

                                  We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been
                                  given to the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the
                                  time of this auditor’s report.

                                  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                                  our opinion.

                                  Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern
                                  We draw attention to Note 2 in the financial report for the year ended 31 December 2025 which indicates
                                  that the Group reported net cash outflows from operating and investing activities of $3,748,173 (2024:
                                  $15,410,946) and as at that date, the Group had net current assets of $4,107,402 (2024: $5,524,884)
                                  including cash on hand of $4,258,663 (2024: $5,960,280). These conditions, along with other matters
                                  as set forth in Note 2, indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt
                                  about the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this
                                  matter.

                                  Key Audit Matters

                                  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
                                  our audit of the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
                                  our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide
                                  a separate opinion on these matters.


                        Adelaide | Brisbane | Melbourne | Newcastle | Perth | Sydney


                        Pitcher Partners BA&A Pty Ltd
                        An independent Western Australian Company ABN 76 601 361 095.                 52                                                 Pitcher Partners is an association of independent firms.
                        Level 11, 12-14 The Esplanade, Perth WA 6000                                       Pitcher Partners is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Limited, the members
                        Registered Audit Company Number 467435.                                                                                            of which are separate and independent legal entities.
                        Liability limited by a scheme under Professional Standards Legislation.                                                                                                   pitcher.com.au .
                                                           ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                                                              ABN 27 073 391 189

                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                              TO THE MEMBERS OF ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED

                        Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                                                  matter
                        Deferred exploration and evaluation expenditure
                        Refer to Note 2 and 9 to the financial report

                        During the year ended 31 December 2025, the               Our procedures included, amongst others:
                        Group held capitalised exploration and evaluation
                        expenditure of $11,814,122.                               Obtaining an understating of and evaluating
                                                                                  the design and implementation of the relevant
                        The carrying value of deferred exploration and            processes and controls associated with the
                        evaluation expenditure is assessed for impairment         capitalisation of exploration and evaluation




For personal use only
                        by the Group when facts and circumstances indicate        expenditure, and those associated with the
                        that the capitalised exploration and evaluation           assessment of impairment and impairment
                        expenditure may exceed its recoverable amount.            reversal.

                        The determination as to whether there are any             Examining the Group’s right to explore in the
                        indicators to require the deferred exploration and        relevant area of interest, which included
                        evaluation expenditure to be assessed for                 obtaining     and    assessing      supporting
                        impairment involves a number of judgements                documentation. We also considered the
                        including       but       not      limited      to:       status of the exploration licences as it related
                                                                                  to tenure.
                            •   Whether the Group has tenure of the
                                relevant area of interest;                        Considering the Group’s intention to carry out
                            •   Whether the Group has sufficient funds to         significant exploration and evaluation activity
                                meet the relevant area of interest minimum        in the relevant area of interest, including an
                                expenditure requirements; and                     assessment of the Group’s cash-flow forecast
                            •   Whether there is sufficient information for a     models, discussions with senior management
                                decision to be made that the relevant area of     and directors as to the intentions and strategy
                                interest is not commercially viable.              of the Group.

                        During the period, the Group identified significant       Testing a sample of transactions by sighting
                        favourable changes in key valuation inputs                evidence of signed contracts, related invoices
                        compared to those used in the prior year’s                and agreeing the treatment of the amount
                        independent valuation, including increases in global      recognised with the requirements or AASB 6.
                        lithium carbonate prices and movements in the
                        USD/AUD exchange rate. Management updated the             Reviewing management’s evaluation and
                        valuation by applying the prior‑year valuation            judgement as to whether the exploration
                        framework and reflecting updated observable market        activities within each relevant area of interest
                        inputs, including commodity prices, foreign               have reached a stage where the commercial
                        exchange rates and stockpile movements.                   viability of extracting the resource could be
                        Based on this updated valuation, management               determined.
                        reversed $10,073,109 of the prior‑year impairment
                        loss, allocated pro‑rata across the cash-generating       Assessing the valuation approach applied by
                        unit (CGU) assets.                                        management in updating the recoverable
                        The assessment of impairment reversal involves            amount of the Rincon Lithium Project CGU,
                        significant judgement, including:                         including evaluating the updated key
                              • determining whether favourable changes            assumptions applied and considering these in
                                 constitute indicators that the impairment loss   the context of industry conditions and the
                                 may have decreased.                              project’s status.
                              • selecting       and      applying     valuation
                                 methodologies.                                   Reviewing the calculations supporting the
                              • updating key assumptions such as lithium          impairment reversal recognised in the current
                                 carbonate prices and exchange rates; and         year, ensuring that the reversal was correctly



                                                                           53
                                                           ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                                                              ABN 27 073 391 189

                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                              TO THE MEMBERS OF ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED

                            •   allocating the reversal across the CGU           determined    based     on    the  updated
                                assets.                                          recoverable amount and appropriately
                                                                                 allocated across the relevant CGU assets in
                        Given the magnitude of the CGU balance, the              accordance with AASB 136.
                        judgement involved in assessing impairment
                        reversal indicators, and the estimation uncertainty      Critically evaluating the appropriateness of
                        inherent in the valuation, this matter was considered    the CGU determined by management,
                        a key audit matter.                                      considering the composition of assets
                                                                                 included, the interdependencies between
                                                                                 them, and whether the grouping aligns with
                                                                                 the requirements of AASB 136.




For personal use only
                                                                                 Assessing the Group’s accounting policy as
                                                                                 set out within Note 2 and 9 for compliance
                                                                                 with the requirements of AASB 6 Exploration
                                                                                 for and Evaluation of Mineral Resources.

                                                                                 Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures
                                                                                 included within the financial report.


                        Key Audit Matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                                                 matter
                        Investment in Puna Mining S.A
                        Refer to Note 2 and 11 to the financial report

                        The Company holds a 77.5% interest in Puna Mining        Our procedures included, amongst others:
                        S.A., a joint venture entity engaged in mining
                                                                                 Obtaining an understanding of and
                        exploration in the Lithium Triangle, located in Salta
                                                                                 evaluating the design and implementation of
                        Province, Argentina. The joint venture is accounted
                                                                                 the relevant processes and controls
                        for using the equity method, where the Company’s
                                                                                 associated with the recognition and
                        share of the joint venture’s profits or losses is
                                                                                 measurement of the investment in Puna
                        recognised in the income statement. The carrying
                                                                                 Mining S.A. under the equity method,
                        amount of the investment in Puna Mining S.A.
                                                                                 including those related to the assessment of
                        at 31 December 2025 was $40,041,529. The
                                                                                 impairment indicators.
                        Company has joint control over this venture, with the
                        governance structure of Puna Mining S.A.                 Obtaining an understanding of the Joint
                        comprising an equal representation of directors from     Venture Agreement, including, but not
                        both parties.                                            limited, to:
                                                                                 •   the operating committee composition;
                        For the year, the Company recognised a share of          •   voting rights held by both parties;
                        profit of $1,067,040 in the consolidated statement of    •   the authority imposed on the operating
                        profit or loss and other comprehensive income,               committee in making day to day
                        reflecting its portion of the joint venture’s results.       decisions about operational, financial
                        The accounting for joint ventures under the equity           and strategic matters; and
                        method involves the recognition of the investment at     • substantive and protective rights held by
                        cost, adjusted for the Company’s share of post-              both parties.
                        acquisition changes in the net assets of the joint
                                                                                 Reviewing operating committee minutes, in
                        venture.
                                                                                 conjunction with the above and critically
                                                                                 examining whether the Group has;
                        As noted in the KAM related to deferred exploration
                        and evaluation expenditure, the Rincon Lithium           •   power over the incorporated joint
                        Project is assessed as a single cash‑generating unit         venture;



                                                                          54
                                                          ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                                                             ABN 27 073 391 189

                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                              TO THE MEMBERS OF ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED

                        (CGU), which includes the investment in Puna            •   exposure, or rights, to variable returns
                        Mining S.A. accounted for using the equity method.          from its investment in the incorporated
                        The impairment reversal assessment performed                joint venture; and
                        during the year, and the allocation of the reversal     •   the ability to use its power over the
                        across the CGU assets, including the investment             incorporated joint venture to affect the
                        balance, are detailed in that section.                      Group’s amount of returns.

                        Given the significant investment, the judgment          Assessing the adjustments made by
                        required in assessing joint control, and the            management to align Puna Mining S.A.’s
                        complexities surrounding the impairment indicator       results with the Group’s accounting policies,
                        evaluations related to the Rincon Lithium Project, we   including evaluating the basis for the




For personal use only
                        have determined this to be a key audit matter.          amortisation of capitalised exploration and
                                                                                evaluation expenditure and testing the
                                                                                calculation and supporting documentation for
                                                                                this adjustment.

                                                                                Assessing management’s determination of
                                                                                the recoverable amount of the Rincon Lithium
                                                                                Project CGU, including evaluating the
                                                                                updated key assumptions applied (such as
                                                                                commodity prices and foreign exchange
                                                                                rates) and considering these in the context of
                                                                                industry conditions and the project’s status.

                                                                                Reviewing the calculations supporting the
                                                                                impairment reversal recognised in the current
                                                                                year, ensuring that the reversal was correctly
                                                                                determined     based     on    the   updated
                                                                                recoverable amount and appropriately
                                                                                allocated across the relevant CGU assets in
                                                                                accordance with AASB 136.

                                                                                Critically evaluating the appropriateness of
                                                                                the CGU determined by management,
                                                                                considering the composition of assets
                                                                                included, the interdependencies between
                                                                                them, and whether the grouping aligns with
                                                                                the requirements of AASB 136.

                                                                                Assessing the Group’s accounting policy set
                                                                                out within Note 2 and 11 to the financial
                                                                                report for compliance with the requirements
                                                                                of AASB 11 Joint Arrangements.
                                                                                Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures
                                                                                included in the financial report.

                        Key Audit Matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                                                matter
                        Advances to Puna Mining S.A
                        Refer to Note 2 and 10 to the financial report




                                                                         55
                                                           ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                                                              ABN 27 073 391 189

                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                              TO THE MEMBERS OF ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED

                        The Company has provided significant funding to          Our procedures included, amongst others:
                        Puna Mining S.A. through cash calls and paid
                                                                                 Obtaining an understanding of the design and
                        expenditures, totalling $30,149,144 as of 31
                                                                                 implementation of the relevant controls
                        December 2025. These advances are primarily
                                                                                 associated with the advances to investment
                        intended to support the development and
                                                                                 entity, including those relating to the
                        expenditure of the Rincon Lithium Project in
                                                                                 assessment and allocation of impairment and
                        Argentina, in accordance with the terms of the
                                                                                 impairment reversal within the Rincon Lithium
                        Second Earn-in Joint Venture Agreement.
                                                                                 Project CGU.
                        The advances are denominated in US dollars and,          Testing the advances made by the Company
                        under the terms of the agreement, will convert into      to Puna Mining, including reviewing




For personal use only
                        equity upon the Company fulfilling all funding and       supporting documentation such as cash calls
                        other requirements associated with the project. The      and payments made to ensure proper
                        advances are contingent upon the completion of           authorization and accuracy of amounts.
                        Phase 3 of the project, at which point the outstanding   Testing the conversion of the US dollar
                        loans will convert into equity, resulting in the         amounts to Australian dollars, checking that
                        Company owning 90% of the joint venture.                 the exchange rates used were consistent
                                                                                 with the applicable rates at the transaction
                        As noted in the KAM related to deferred exploration      dates and at 31 December 2025.
                        and evaluation expenditure, the Rincon Lithium           Considering the conditions for the
                        Project is assessed as a single cash‑generating unit     conversion of the advances into equity,
                        (CGU), which includes the investment in Puna             reviewing the terms of the Second Earn-in
                        Mining S.A. accounted for using the equity method.       Joint Venture Agreement to ensure that the
                        The impairment reversal assessment performed             requirements for conversion into equity were
                        during the year, and the allocation of the reversal      appropriately reflected in the financial
                        across the CGU assets, including the investment          statements.
                        balance, are detailed in that section.
                                                                                 Evaluating Management’s assessment of the
                                                                                 collectability of the advances to the
                        Given the significance of the amount advanced, and
                                                                                 investment entity, considering factors such
                        the complexities surrounding the impairment
                                                                                 as the financial position of the entity, its
                        indicator evaluations related to the Rincon Lithium
                                                                                 ability to generate future cash flows, and the
                        Project, we have determined this to be a key audit
                                                                                 terms of the joint venture agreement.
                        matter.
                                                                                 Assessing the impact of the impairment
                                                                                 reversal recognised for the Rincon Lithium
                                                                                 Project CGU on the carrying amount of the
                                                                                 advances, including evaluating whether the
                                                                                 portion allocated to the advances was
                                                                                 determined in accordance with AASB 136
                                                                                 and applied on a consistent and pro‑rata
                                                                                 basis across the CGU assets.
                                                                                 Assessing the Group’s accounting policy set
                                                                                 out within Note 2 and Note 10 to the financial
                                                                                 report for compliance with the requirements
                                                                                 of AASB 121 The Effects of Changes in
                                                                                 Foreign Exchange Rates and AASB 132
                                                                                 Financial Instruments: Presentation.
                                                                                 Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures
                                                                                 included in the financial report.




                                                                          56
                                                             ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                                                                ABN 27 073 391 189

                                                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                               TO THE MEMBERS OF ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED

                        Other Information

                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
                        included in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 31 December 2025, but does not include the
                        financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
                        express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                        and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial




For personal use only
                        report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                        other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:
                             a) the financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                                  and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act
                                  2001; and
                             b) the consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
                                  Corporations Act 2001; and
                        for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:
                             (i) the financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                                  and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                             (ii) the consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
                                  whether due to fraud or error.

                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                        continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
                        going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                        operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                        from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
                        our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                        conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                        misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                        if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                        decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                        judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                         • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud
                           or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
                           that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
                           material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may




                                                                            57
                                                             ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                                                                ABN 27 073 391 189

                                                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                               TO THE MEMBERS OF ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED

                             involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
                             control.
                         •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
                             that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                             effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
                         •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                             estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
                         •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                             and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
                             or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
                             If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s




For personal use only
                             report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
                             modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of
                             our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
                             continue as a going concern.
                         •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                             disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in
                             a manner that achieves fair presentation.
                         •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                             business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
                             responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
                             responsible for our audit opinion.

                        We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
                        the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
                        identify during our audit.

                        We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                        regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                        reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
                        threats or safeguards applied.

                        From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                        significance in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit
                        matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
                        disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                        should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                        reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report

                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 15 to 18 of the directors’ report for the
                        year ended 31 December 2025. In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Argosy Minerals Limited,
                        for the year ended 31 December 2025, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




                                                                            58
                                                          ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                                                             ABN 27 073 391 189

                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                              TO THE MEMBERS OF ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED

                        Responsibilities

                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
                        Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express
                        an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian
                        Auditing Standards.




                        PITCHER PARTNERS BA&A PTY LTD




For personal use only
                        MARIUS VAN DER MERWE
                        Executive Director
                        Perth, 30 March 2026




                                                                         59
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        Additional information required by Australian Securities Exchange Ltd and not shown elsewhere in this report is
                        as follows.

                        The information is current as of 19 March 2026:

                        (a) Twenty largest holders of quoted equity securities

                        FULLY PAID ORDINARY SHARES

                         Rank Name                                                                                     Units   % of Units

                           1     CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                   59,647,623        3.86%
                           2     AMPEREX TECHNOLOGY LIMITED                                                      51,513,436        3.34%
                           3     MR JERKO PETER ZUVELA                                                           47,322,425        3.07%
                                 <JAKKZ DISCRETIONARY A/C>
                           4     BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                    33,278,974        2.16%




For personal use only
                                 <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT>
                           5     DIHNA NADA ZUVELA                                                               32,277,469        2.09%
                                 <DNZ DISCRETIONARY A/C>
                           6     MR STEVEN MARIN ZUVELA                                                          27,964,731        1.81%
                                 <TAEZ A/C>
                           7     MR JAMES CHEN                                                                   22,406,480        1.45%
                           8     J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                       20,453,709        1.33%
                           9     BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                    19,776,722        1.28%
                                 <CLEARSTREAM>
                          10     OSF NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                            16,826,677        1.09%
                                 <FREDERICKSON SUPER FUND A/C>
                          11     FINCLEAR SERVICES PTY LTD                                                       14,151,914        0.92%
                                 <SUPERHERO SECURITIES A/C>
                          12     BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                        12,251,509        0.79%
                          13     OLIVER SCARLETT RESOURCES PTE LTD                                               12,000,000        0.78%
                          14     MR JERKO PETER ZUVELA                                                           11,122,990        0.72%
                          14     MRS ANITA DRAGANA ZUVELA                                                        11,122,990        0.72%
                          15     MS YINGYING CHEN                                                                10,908,906        0.71%
                          16     WARBONT NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                        10,029,596        0.65%
                                 <UNPAID ENTREPOT A/C>
                          17     MR DION TADIC                                                                     9,503,000       0.62%
                          18     HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                         9,371,662       0.61%
                          19     MR TIMOTHY PAUL FOWLER                                                            9,000,000       0.58%
                          20     SHARESIES AUSTRALIA NOMINEE PTY LIMITED                                           8,616,381       0.56%
                         Total                                                                                  449,547,194       29.13%




                                                                                                                                     60
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        LISTED OPTIONS EXPIRING 1 AUGUST 2028
                        Rank Name                                              Units   % of Units

                          1     PALISADES INVESTMENTS LTD                 10,000,000     25.00%
                          2     TANGO88 PTY LTD                            4,500,000     11.25%
                                <TANGO88 A/C>
                          3     SANDHURST TRUSTEES LTD                     4,000,000     10.00%
                                <PPF DIVERSIFIED GROWTH A/C>
                          4     TANGO88 PTY LTD                            2,464,658       6.16%
                          5     MR MICHAEL PAUL BRBICH &                   1,899,656       4.75%
                                MRS JOANNE BRBICH BRBICH INVESTMENT A/C
                          6     NEAVE TRADING PTY LTD                      1,620,672       4.05%
                          7     NGATI WHAKAUE PTY LTD                      1,000,000       2.50%
                          7     PISTON CAPITAL PTY LTD                     1,000,000       2.50%




For personal use only
                          7     MR STEVEN MARIN ZUVELA                     1,000,000       2.50%
                                <TAEZ A/C>
                          7     MR DION TADIC                              1,000,000       2.50%
                          8     MR STEPHEN MICHAEL BONNOR &                 921,052        2.30%
                                MRS MONIKA KARAPETYAN
                                <BONNOR FMAILY SUPERFUND A/C>
                          9     MR UJJWAL ARYAL                             843,721        2.11%
                          10    MR UJJWAL ARYAL                             757,955        1.89%
                          11    MR MICHAEL JOSEPH ZYGMUNT &                 700,000        1.75%
                                MRS ALICIA HELENA ZYGMUNT
                                <M & A ZYGMUNT SUPER A/C>
                          12    ASE INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                     654,471        1.64%
                                <ASE FAMILY A/C>
                          13    INTELLSOFT SERVICES PTY LTD                 610,000        1.53%
                          14    MR HARLEY COILS                             584,800        1.46%
                          15    MR LUKE HARRY BRBICH                        500,000        1.25%
                          16    PCAS (AUSTRALIA) PTY LTD                    495,000        1.24%
                                <PCAS INVESTMENT NO 2 A/C>
                          17    D&J REDELMAN PTY LTD                        450,000        1.13%
                                <DAVID & JUDI REDELMAN SF A/C>
                          18    INTELLSOFT SERVICES PTY LTD                 405,000        1.01%
                                <INTELLSOFT P/L S/F A/C>
                          19    CONSPICUOUS CAPITAL PTY LTD                 400,000        1.00%
                                <CONSPICUOUS A/C>
                          20    MR PAUL DAVID UTTING                        360,000        0.90%
                        Total                                             36,166,985     90.42%




                                                                                            61
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        (b) Distribution of equity securities
                        Analysis of number of equity security holders by size of holding:

                        FULLY PAID ORDINARY SHARES

                                                   Range                 Total Holders                    Units       % of Issued Capital

                                                1 – 1,000                          540                 264962                      0.02%
                                            1,001 – 5,000                        3,087              8,849,108                      0.57%
                                          5,001 – 10,000                         1,804             14,179,399                      0.92%
                                        10,001 – 100,000                         4,726            174,390,140                     11.30%
                                     100,001 and above                           1,792          1,345,737,325                     87.19%
                                                    Total                       11,949          1,543,420,934                    100.00%

                        Unmarketable Parcels (Fully Paid Ordinary Shares)
                         Minimum $500.00 parcel at $0.063 per unit is 4,531 holders with 14,821,674 shares.




For personal use only
                        LISTED OPTIONS EXPIRING 1 AUGUST 2028

                                                   Range                 Total Holders                    Units       % of Issued Capital

                                                1 – 1,000                            4                     463                     0.00%
                                            1,001 – 5,000                            -                       -                          -
                                          5,001 – 10,000                             1                  10,000                     0.03%
                                        10,001 – 100,000                            17                 700,026                     1.75%
                                     100,001 and above                              40              39,289,507                    98.22%
                                                    Total                           62              39,999,996                   100.00%



                        (c) Unlisted Options Expiring 30 June 2026 @ $0.7293

                        There were 600,000 unlisted options expiring on 30 June 2026 with an exercise price of $0.7293 outstanding as
                        at the date of this report. There is one (1) holder of these options, which were issued under an employee
                        incentive scheme.
                        The names of holders with 20% or more of the unlisted options are:
                         Name                                                                                        Units       % of Units
                         CONSILIUM CORPORATE ADVISORY PTY LTD                                                     600,000         100.00%
                         Total                                                                                    600,000              100


                        (d) Share Appreciation Rights (SARs)
                        There are 11,500,000 SARs outstanding as at the date of this additional information (19 March 2026). There are
                        four (4) holders of these SARs, which were issued under an employee incentive scheme.

                        (e) Voting rights
                        Ordinary shares
                        On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and upon
                        a poll each share shall have one vote.

                        Listed Options, Unlisted Options and SARs
                        There are no voting rights attached to these classes of equity securities, until converted into fully paid ordinary
                        shares.

                        (f) On Market Buy Back
                        There is no current on market buy back of Argosy shares.



                                                                                                                                         62
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        (g) Corporate Governance Statement
                        The Company’s 2025 Corporate Governance Statement has been released as a separate document and is
                        located on our website at www.argosyminerals.com.au.



                        (h) Annual Review Of Mineral Resource Estimates – Rincon Lithium Project
                        The current total Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) was released to the ASX on 12 November 2024. The MRE was
                        prepared by AQ2 Pty Ltd.

                        The current MRE comprises 731,801 tonnes of Li 2CO3 with a weighted mean average lithium concentration of
                        329mg/L and 412Mm3 of potentially recoverable brine, comprising;
                            •   An Indicated MRE of 640,330 tonnes Li2CO3 with a weighted mean average lithium concentration of
                                327mg/L (contained in 367Mm3 of potentially recoverable brine), and
                            •   An Inferred MRE of 91,471 tonnes Li2CO3 with a weighted mean average lithium concentration of
                                352mg/L (contained in 49Mm3 of potentially recoverable brine)




For personal use only




                                               Rincon Lithium Project – Current Total Mineral Resource Estimate

                        Mineral Resource Estimate Comparison

                        The current total MRE (comprising of 731,801 tonnes of lithium carbonate with a weighted mean average
                        lithium concentration of 329mg/L and 412Mm3 of potentially recoverable brine), increased by 44,926 tonnes of
                        lithium carbonate from the Company’s previous MRE.




                                                                                                                                  63
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        Previous Mineral Resource Estimate

                        The previous MRE in the Company’s 2023 Annual Report was released to the ASX on 15 January 2024, and was
                        prepared by AQ2 Pty Ltd.

                        The previous MRE comprised 686,875 tonnes of Li2CO3 with a weighted mean average lithium concentration
                        of 329mg/L, comprising;
                            •   An Indicated MRE of 606,313 tonnes Li2CO3 with a weighted mean average lithium concentration of
                                326mg/L, and
                            •   An Inferred MRE of 80,562 tonnes Li2CO3 with a weighted mean average lithium concentration of
                                351mg/L.




For personal use only
                        Notes:




                        Governance Arrangements and Internal Controls

                        Argosy has ensured that the MRE is subject to good governance arrangements and internal controls. The MRE
                        reported has been generated by independent consultants (AQ2 Pty Ltd) who are experienced in modelling
                        and estimation methods. The consultants have undertaken reviews of the quality and suitability of the data
                        and information used to generate the estimations.

                        The Mineral Resource Estimates for the Rincon Project have been compiled and reported in accordance with
                        the “Australian Code for Reporting Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves” (the JORC Code)
                        2012 Edition.



                                                                                                                                 64
                        ARGOSY MINERALS LIMITED
                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        31 DECEMBER 2025

                        Competent Person’s Statement – Rincon Lithium Project

                        The information contained in this report relating to Exploration Targets, Exploration Results and Mineral
                        Resource Estimates has been prepared by Mr Duncan Storey. Mr Storey is a Hydrogeologist, a Chartered
                        Geologist and Fellow of the Geological Society of London (an RPO under JORC 2012). Mr Storey has sufficient
                        experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the
                        activity being undertaken to qualify as a competent person as defined in the 2012 edition of the Australasian
                        Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves.

                        Duncan Storey is an employee of AQ2 Pty Ltd and an independent consultant to Argosy Minerals Ltd. Mr
                        Storey consents to the inclusion in this announcement of this information in the form and context in which it
                        appears. The information in this report is an accurate representation of the available data from exploration at
                        the Rincon Lithium Project.

                        Chemical Engineer’s Statement: The information in this report that relates to lithium carbonate processing is
                        based on information compiled and/or reviewed by Mr Pablo Alurralde. Mr Alurralde is the President of Puna
                        Mining S.A. and consents to the inclusion in this report of this information in the form and context in which it




For personal use only
                        appears. Mr Alurralde is a chemical engineer with a degree in Chemical Engineering from Salta National
                        University in Argentina. Mr Alurralde has sufficient experience which is relevant to the lithium carbonate and
                        lithium hydroxide processing and testing undertaken to evaluate the data presented.




                                                                                                                                     65
