Royal Bank of Canada
Annual Report 2022
Table of contents
CEO Letter                                                     4

Chair Letter                                                   8

2022 Highlights                                              10

Management’s Discussion and Analysis                         20

Enhanced Disclosure Task Force
Recommendations Index                                       128

Reports and Consolidated
Financial Statements                                        129

Ten-Year Statistical Review                                 230

Shareholder Information                                     232




About the cover
Participants at the starting gate of the Kids’ Mile as part of the RBC Race for the
Kids event held in Hyde Park, Chicago, U.S. on October 16, 2022. The event raised
close to US$300,000 to support pediatric research at the University of Chicago
Medicine Comer Children’s Hospital. To learn more about how we are helping
communities prosper across the regions where we live and work, please refer
to pages 14 and 15 of this report. (Photo/Jason Smith)


Connect with us
   facebook.com/rbc                   twitter.com/@rbc                   linkedin.com/company/rbc
   instagram.com/rbc                  youtube.com/user/RBC               tiktok.com/@rbc

For more information on how we are leading with Purpose in creating differentiated value for our
clients, communities, employees and shareholders, please visit RBC Stories.
Our Purpose



Helping clients thrive and
communities prosper
Guided by our Vision to be among the world’s most trusted and
successful financial institutions, and driven by our Purpose,
we aim to be:
      In Canada: the undisputed leader in financial services

      In the United States: the preferred partner to corporate,
       institutional and high net worth clients and their businesses
      In select global financial centres: a leading financial services
       partner valued for our expertise

We are guided by our Values:

 Client First
 Collaboration
 Accountability
 Diversity & Inclusion
 Integrity




                                                                   Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022 | 1
    Who we are



         Royal Bank of Canada is a global financial
         institution with a purpose-driven, principles-led
         approach to delivering leading performance.
         Our success comes from the 95,000+ employees
         who leverage their imaginations and insights to
         bring our vision, values and strategy to life so
         we can help our clients thrive and communities
         prosper. As Canada’s biggest bank and one
         of the largest in the world, based on market
         capitalization, we have a diversified business
         model with a focus on innovation and providing
         exceptional experiences to our 17 million clients
         in Canada, the U.S. and 27 other countries.

         This report showcases our 2022 results and the
         many stories that defined our year, including
         how we’re performing against our balanced
         scorecard and the strong industry and client
         recognition awarded to our products, services,
         brand and people.




    By the numbers                            17 million   95,000+     29
                                              clients      employees   countries



2 | Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022
Why invest?



     Diversified business model with scale and market-
       leading franchises that provide a full suite of
       products, advice and services for clients

     Market-leading presence in Canada and an
       established multi-platform U.S. strategy with
      a long runway for premium growth

     Differentiated technology and innovation
       investments that go beyond banking

     Premium ROE and disciplined expense
       management

     Strong balance sheet and prudent risk
       management

     Leading Canadian core deposit franchise that
       serves as a stable source of funding

     Well-positioned to benefit from evolving macro
       environment

     Strong performance in ESG rankings and ratings(1)




(1)	Based on our 80.25 average percentile ranking compiled from our four top-tier ESG rankings and ratings; refer to page 19 of the 2022 Annual Report
     for additional information




                                                                                                                                     Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022 | 3
                                              Fellow shareholders,
                                              I’m writing this letter as we all continue to live through a
                                              period of historic economic and societal change.
                                              Many of our clients and communities are anxious about
                                              the future, including the effects of rising inflation, higher
                                              interest rates and volatile markets. The onset of a tragic
                                              and senseless war in Ukraine has intensified post-pandemic
                                              economic challenges while also contributing to supply
                                              chain disruptions and global energy market turmoil. Against
                                              this backdrop, our communities continue to grapple with
                                              combating climate change – arguably the most complex
                                              challenge of all – and shifting toward a more inclusive and
                                              sustainable net-zero future.
                                              In these uncertain times, one thing is clear to me: the
                                              leadership, stability and guidance that RBC can bring to our
                                              clients and communities is more important than ever.
                                              The future is bright for RBC. Much of my optimism comes
                                              from working alongside tens of thousands of passionate,
                                              imaginative and inspirational RBC colleagues who bring
                                              support and new ideas to our stakeholders every single day.
                                              These ideas are more than advice and can come in many
                                              shapes and sizes – from big ideas that can change whole
                                              industries to in-the-moment ideas that make things easier
                                              for a young person starting their career or a growing family.

                                                 As I’ve expressed in the past, our bank’s
                                                 prosperity rests on the strength and
                                                 stability of our 17 million clients and the
                                                 communities where they raise families,
                                                 build businesses and live their lives.



                         Dave
                                              In these challenging times, our colleagues take seriously
    A message                                 the responsibility of helping clients navigate risks and
                                              opportunities to make the best decisions possible for them.
         from                                 They bring that same dedication to helping build and grow
                                              sustainable, vibrant and inclusive communities.




                        McKay
                                              It is a true privilege to work alongside my colleagues, and
                                              this report shares many examples of how Team RBC is
                                              helping make progress possible for people, places and
                                              projects that matter to our collective future.

                President and CEO             An all-weather bank with our sights set on growth
                                              We aspire to be one of the most highly valued and most
                                              respected financial institutions in the world.
                                              On that journey, I’m pleased to share that we ended the
                                              fiscal year as a top-10 global bank by market capitalization
                                              and the highest valued bank on a Price-to-Book Ratio among
                                              global banks(1). We’ve also been recognized yet again as
                                              the most valuable brand in Canada and second among all
                                              global banks.
                                              In 2022, we generated earnings of $15.8 billion and an ROE
                                              of 16.4 per cent, and we delivered $6.9 billion in dividends to
                                              our common shareholders while buying back $5.4 billion in
                                              common shares.




                                              (1)	Banks with over $850 billion in loans

4 | Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022
Our financial performance demonstrates how we continue
to build long-term client franchises and deliver a premium
return on equity, even as we transform RBC for the future
and pursue targeted growth strategies in Canada, the
U.S., the U.K. and Europe. This has been one of the most
challenging operating environments in decades, but our size,
scale, strong and prudent risk and capital management, and
diversified business mix put us in a position of strategic and
financial strength.

  In short, we’re an all-weather bank
  that’s not only built to perform through
  the economic cycle, but also pursue
  big opportunities to grow where others
  simply can’t.
                                                                     City National Bank – New York City, U.S.
In Canada, we are the leading bank with deep and trusted
client relationships across our franchises. We have #1 or
#2 in market share in all key product categories, supported      In the U.S., our second home market, we’re continuing to win
by the largest retail network in the country. This year, we      and have a long runway for premium growth through our
partnered with ICICI Bank Canada to create a seamless            differentiated strategy to serve corporate, institutional and
banking experience for newcomers. We also prioritized            high-net-worth clients and their businesses. As a top‑10 capital
building more engaging digital experiences that clients truly    markets business in the U.S., we continue to deliver notable
value. We’ve received industry recognition numerous times        wins in corporate and investment banking and global
this year, including ranking highest in mobile banking client    markets. At City National, we kept our focus on organically
satisfaction by J.D. Power.                                      growing the core banking business and enhancing our
                                                                 risk resilience. As the 6th largest wealth manager in the
                                                                 country(2), our U.S. Wealth Management business continues
                                                                 to add more products and talent to support our growing
                                                                 client base.
                                                                 In the U.K. and Europe, steady and consistent growth has led
                                                                 us to build a trusted and competitive franchise that’s just
                                                                 getting started. With the acquisition of Brewin Dolphin, we’re
                                                                 now one of the largest wealth managers in the U.K., Ireland
                                                                 and Channel Islands, and are able to leverage our global
                                                                 capabilities for clients. We have big ambitions for targeted
                                                                 growth in these regions, with plans to continue leading with
                                                                 advice and recruiting top talent.

                                                                    Across all these key regions, we’ve
                                                                    spent years building our core deposit
                                                                    franchises – both on the consumer side
                                                                    and the business side.
                                                                 Deposits are the long-term lifeblood of any bank, giving it
                                                                 the ability to fund loans and growth. Our focus and scale in
                                                                 this area has given us a significant advantage against our
                                                                 peers, which we’ll continue to prioritize in the years ahead.
                                                                 This report showcases our 2022 results and the many stories
                                                                 that defined our year, including how we’re performing
                                                                 against our balanced scorecard and the strong industry and
                                                                 client recognition awarded to our products, services, brand
                                                                 and people. I’m proud of these highlights and encourage
                                                                 you to read them for a deeper understanding of what we
                                                                 accomplished this year.
                                                                 Despite our recent success, we are not content to coast on
  100 Bishopsgate – RBC’s London, U.K. headquarters              our brand and size. We’re striving to be even better. Here are
                                                                 just a few things I’m most excited about heading into 2023:

                                                                 (2) U.S. wealth advisory firms quarterly earnings releases (10-Q)

                                                                                                             Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022 | 5
   Dave McKay addresses an all-employee town hall, October 18, 2022


More digitally-backed, client-centric experiences                    game-changing reality – in areas from cyber security to AI
in banking – and beyond                                              and machine learning, digital to software development,
We have a bold ambition to grow our market-leading                   architecture to data science. We’re building the bank of the
franchises, add clients and serve them more deeply. To               future, and right now we’re tracking ahead of the game.
do that, we’re investing in building the best and most               If it doesn’t exist, we’re probably working on it.
personalized client experiences possible.
We will continue to challenge the status quo and rethink the         Climate and inclusion plans that can make
experiences we deliver to engage with our clients in newer,          progress possible
smarter and simpler ways. We’re always on the lookout for            In a complex environment, our clients and communities look
the next great idea. That means more innovative products,            to us to make sense of the world around them, share our
insightful advice backed by the power of data and the creativity     views, speak up and lean in on issues that demand action.
of our people, and leading partnerships that add more value.         In fact, this is a business imperative for RBC, and what we’re
This is especially critical amidst the generational changes          doing fills me with optimism about the inclusive, sustainable
in the way people live and work, including what they expect          and prosperous communities we’re helping to build.
from a bank.
                                                                       Climate change is one of the world’s
Our RBCx™ division shows how we’re doing things differently.
                                                                       most pressing issues – one that can
This team is supporting 4,000+ tech and innovation clients of
all sizes and also redefining what a bank can do through in-           impact where we live, our food supply
house ventures like Ownr®, Mydoh® and Dr. Bill® – services that        and the world around us. The actions
collectively reach hundreds of thousands of people who are             we take in the coming years will have a
looking to pursue big ambitions or just make life a little easier.
                                                                       lasting effect for generations to come.
We’re innovating across all our businesses, including in
Capital Markets with our AI-based Aiden® trading platform;           The best way RBC can help is by partnering with our clients
P&CB with our Vantage banking experience and the                     to reduce their emissions. We committed to providing $500
continued build out of our healthcare strategy with the              billion in sustainable financing by 2025 – which means
recent acquisition of cloud-based MDBilling.ca; and other            financing activities that take into account environmental,
examples across our Wealth Management, Investor &                    social and governance factors – and are on our way to
Treasury Services and Insurance teams.                               reaching that goal. This supports everything from the
                                                                     development and deployment of clean energy technologies
  I truly believe there’s no other large                             to new opportunities in carbon capture use and storage,
  bank in the world that delivers the                                low-carbon fuels, grid innovations and electric vehicles, just
  differentiated client experience we do                             to name a few examples.

  at scale.                                                          We recently released our initial interim emissions reduction
                                                                     targets across three key sectors – oil & gas, power
Of course, none of this is possible without investing in             generation and automotive – to help us track and measure
our collaborative and client-focused people. Every day,              how we’re doing in working with our clients to reduce their
our employees are turning ambitious and bold ideas into              emissions and keep us accountable along the way.

6 | Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022
It’s critical that businesses, governments and individuals
work together to reshape our economies and societies if
we are to be successful. We cannot act independently and
expect to make progress. RBC is committed to helping play a
coordinating role in this effort to build a cleaner future and
bring green solutions to market. This also includes helping
to promote climate literacy and offering ideas and research
that inform and inspire a successful transition.
Taking collective action on the net-zero transition requires
more than financial capital. We must also unlock the                                           RBC employees – WaterPark Place, Toronto, Canada
incredible potential of people, particularly talent from
historically underrepresented groups(3) and young people.                                   Lastly, what our people across the globe do in our
                                                                                            communities is what will continue to drive our culture. We
   Our society cannot move forward to                                                       bring our resources, talents and connections together to
   address the big economic and societal                                                    make positive change – from empowering ascending artists
   issues if people and communities are                                                     who are the heart of our vibrant and inclusive cities and
                                                                                            towns, to supporting relief and recovery efforts when a
   at risk of falling behind or being left
                                                                                            natural disaster strikes one of our communities.
   out completely.
                                                                                            This year, through our first-ever global Employee Giving
To address the climate challenge and other skills challenges                                Campaign, our people rallied to support communities at
across our changing economy, societies need to transform                                    a time of great need, collectively contributing nearly $22
the way we train and reskill people and build more inclusive                                million to over 9,500 charities in more than two dozen
workforces. To help, we created RBC Future Launch® – a                                      countries around the world.
10-year, $500 million commitment to prepare youth for                                       Alongside this program, our global RBC Race for the Kids
the jobs of tomorrow – and we’ve reached more than five                                     event series has brought together communities in support
million young Canadians through tools, scholarships and                                     of critical youth mental health and wellness causes for over
partnerships since 2017.                                                                    a decade. To date, we’ve raised more than $83 million for
Alongside new entrepreneur loan programs and scholarship                                    youth-focused charities around the world.
assistance, I’m particularly proud of the impact RBC Future                                 These are just two examples of the impact RBC colleagues
Launch® continues to have in helping empower Black and                                      can achieve when working together to help solve important
Indigenous leaders of tomorrow to reach their potential.                                    societal or community challenges.

People and culture that will define our future                                              Looking ahead
As a relationship-driven bank, our culture and people are                                   While it might be hard to imagine in an increasingly
a major factor in determining what we strive to achieve                                     disruptive and complex world, I have a great deal of
and how we perform against those aspirations. Many of                                       optimism and hope for the year ahead.
RBC’s best moments happen when our people are together
– problem solving with our clients, being active in our                                     Part of the strength of RBC is our ability to adapt to the many
communities and collaborating alongside each other.                                         needs of our clients and communities. Right now, RBC needs
                                                                                            to be both a beacon and an anchor to those we proudly
Over the past few months, we’ve been finding the right balance                              serve. We’ve embraced this role throughout the pandemic,
as we continue to build our flexible and hybrid working model                               and I’m confident we’ll continue doing so.
for the future – a model that will strengthen our creative,
collaborative, inclusive and always-learning culture.                                         This is just one of the reasons why we
It hasn’t been easy to get to where we are today, but I’m                                     say ideas happen here.
proud of the way our teams led through tremendous
disruption and uncertainty, and responded to the needs of                                   I want to thank you for your trust and belief in Team RBC and
our clients and communities throughout the pandemic with                                    what we’ll do to thrive and prosper together in the years ahead.
resilience and determination.                                                               As we enter 2023, I have more conviction than ever in where
Looking ahead, we aim to continue to be an organization                                     our great organization is going and how we’ll get there
that leads the way on skills and career development, equity                                 together. We have an ambitious plan to build even more
and inclusion and the new world of work. This year, we were                                 amazing digital experiences for our clients and help play an
recognized as one of Canada’s top employers for diversity,                                  important role to solve some of society’s biggest challenges.
young people and professional development(4). We were                                       I look forward to sharing our progress in the year ahead.
also named one of the best workplaces in Canada for
hybrid working(5).
(3)	A group that is historically underrepresented may include those who self-identify as
     women; Black, Indigenous, and People of Colour (BIPOC); LGBTQ+ and/or persons
     with disabilities
(4) MediaCorp Canada Inc.
                                                                                            Dave McKay
(5) Great Place to Work Institute                                                           President and CEO
                                                                                                                           Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022 | 7
                                                  RBC believes leadership centres on serving others.
                                                  Helping clients make smart decisions today and remain
                                                  confident in their financial future is at the heart of
                                                  everything we do.
                                                  Providing our colleagues with greater flexibility and
                                                  personalized work experiences, while remaining engaged
                                                  and inspired to make meaningful contributions to our
                                                  success is a central focus of RBC’s employee experience.
                                                  Addressing economic and social ills exposed by the
                                                  pandemic and placing the planet on a more sustainable
                                                  path is not only essential to the success of the communities
                                                  where we serve, but also our own.
                                                  RBC continued to align its Purpose with performance to
                                                  drive premium growth and, in turn, create value for all its
                                                  stakeholders, including shareholders. The Board’s ongoing
                                                  confidence in RBC is underpinned by its leadership team,
                                                  financial strength and scale, growth strategy, diverse
                                                  business mix, powerful brand and engaged and motivated
                                                  workforce.

                                                    Directors serve as stewards of
                                                    the bank, exercising independent
                                                    judgement in overseeing management
                                                    and safeguarding the interests of
                                                    its shareholders. We also recognize
                                                    the bank is not a passive participant
                                                    in society. It must – and does – take
                                                    responsibility for its commitments
                                                    and actions.
                                                  Governance is key in all of this. The Board not only helps




                              Katie
                                                  set a strategic direction for the bank, but also oversees the
   A message                                      policies and practices that monitor, measure and report
                                                  on its performance in a timely and transparent manner.
        from                                      Promoting a strong risk-aware culture and conduct-related
                                                  practices throughout RBC are also priorities for the Board.




                             Taylor
                                                  Climate continues to be a key area of focus for the Board.
                                                  Directors oversee the bank’s climate strategy, the RBC
                                                  Climate Blueprint, and how environmental and social risks
                                                  are managed. They assess and evaluate progress against
                                                  the bank’s goals, commitments, plans, targets and metrics
                                                  to determine their effectiveness and impact.

                             Chair of the Board   An important milestone was reached this year with the
                                                  release of RBC’s 2030 initial interim emissions reduction
                                                  targets for certain high-emitting sectors: oil & gas, power
                                                  generation and automotive. In addition, a Sustainable
                                                  Finance Framework was published which outlines the bank’s
                                                  approach and methodology for classifying, tracking and
                                                  disclosing its progress towards the commitment to provide
                                                  $500 billion in sustainable financing by 2025. Sustainable
                                                  finance solutions provide clients with products and services
                                                  that contribute to key environmental, social and governance
                                                  (ESG) objectives.
                                                  More broadly, we believe the bank’s approach to ESG has
                                                  and will continue to have a significant impact on RBC’s
                                                  success and those we serve. For instance, oversight of
                                                  RBC’s diversity and inclusion (D&I) practices, policies and
                                                  initiatives are carried out at the Board.




8 | Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022
In 2022, the Board reviewed a refreshed D&I strategy that                            indeed, one of the largest in the world by the same measure,
serves both colleagues and communities with, for instance,                           I underscored the high standard RBC must set as a leading
a focus on improving representation in leadership at all                             corporate citizen.
levels and influencing equitable access to financial products
                                                                                     When leadership centres on serving others, great things
and services. Additionally, 31 per cent of new executive
                                                                                     happen. During my time as Chair, RBC’s client base has
appointments were Black, Indigenous or people of colour,
                                                                                     grown by approximately one million and the total value of
surpassing our goal for 2022. We nonetheless still need
                                                                                     deposits has almost doubled(2), a testament to the bank’s
to do more to further increase women representation at                               client-first focus. Benefits have expanded and evolved to
the executive level, as women made up 43 per cent of new                             keep pace with changing employee needs and expectations.
executive appointments, below our 50 per cent target(1).                             The bank embarked upon a 10-year, $500 million
Similarly, good governance is a never-ending journey. A                              commitment to set youth up for success through RBC Future
large, vibrant enterprise like RBC will regularly come across                        Launch®. This initiative has provided $331+ million since 2017,
new themes or issues that require the Board’s engagement.                            reaching over five million Canadian youth(3). Net income has
That’s why the Board’s areas of focus are continuously                               increased at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 7 per
assessed to align with regulatory requirements,                                      cent. Additionally, share price and dividends have grown at a
stakeholders’ expectations, evolving best practices as well                          CAGR of 6 per cent and 7 per cent respectively(4).
as changes in the industry and economy. Committee work                               Serving as RBC Chair has been both an honour and great
and priorities may adapt as a result. Directors look for ways                        privilege for me. I am grateful for the Directors past and
to continuously improve their understanding in areas of                              present who have led us to this exciting point in the bank’s
importance, engage with external advisors and participate                            journey. I am equally grateful to each and every RBCer
in education sessions to remain abreast of evolving risks                            who has and continues to build this extraordinary global
and opportunities.                                                                   franchise with passion and purpose. Going forward, as a
In 2022, we added to the Board’s strength with the                                   proud RBC shareholder, I will watch with keen interest in how
appointment of Mirko Bibic, President and Chief Executive                            Dave, his leadership team and our incredible colleagues find
Officer of BCE Inc. and Bell Canada. His deep strategic,                             even more new ways to create value and make an impact.
operational, governance and risk experience across a                                 We will all be better for it.
wide range of commercial and consumer portfolios in the
communications sector will strengthen the capabilities and
broaden the perspectives of the Board.
Eight years ago, when I wrote my first shareholder letter
as RBC Chair, I spoke about the inextricable link between                            Kathleen Taylor
our stakeholders’ success and the bank’s. As the largest                             Chair of the Board
Canadian financial institution by market capitalization and




    Royal Bank Plaza – South Tower, Toronto, Canada


(1) Refer to page 13 of the 2022 Annual Report for additional information            (3)	Refer to page 15 of the 2022 Annual Report for additional information
(2)	Between October 31, 2014 and October 31, 2022, client base has increased from   (4)	Between October 31, 2014 and October 31, 2022, net income increased from $9.0
     16 million to 17 million and deposits from $614.1 billion to $1,208.8 billion        billion to $15.8 billion, share price increased from $80.01 to $126.05, and dividends
                                                                                          declared per common share increased from $2.84 to $4.96
                                                                                                                                   Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022 | 9
2022 highlights across our balanced scorecard

Clients
At RBC, our clients are at the centre of everything we do. Enabled by
our investments in technology and talent, we believe our differentiated
advice, products and services deliver long-term value and create
exceptional client experiences.


                                                                                                         Customer Service Award
                                                                                                         Winner among the big 5
                                                                                                         retail banks – Recognized
                                                                                                         in all 11 categories of the
                                                                                                         2022 Ipsos Financial Service
                                                                                                         Excellence Awards, for the
                                                                                                         2nd consecutive year

                                                                                                         Best in Customer
                                                                                                         Satisfaction among
                                                                                                         Canada’s big 5 retail banks
                                                                                                         by J.D. Power, 6 out of the
                                                                                                         last 7 years, and, in 2022,
                                                                                                         ranked highest in Customer
                                                                                                         Satisfaction with Mobile
                                                                                                         Banking Apps



Market-leading client franchises

 #1 or #2 market share in all key product                            Largest retail mutual fund company in Canada
   categories across Canadian Banking                                    based on assets under management (AUM)(3)

 9th largest global investment bank(1), #1 in                        Largest Canadian bank-owned insurance
   Canada and #1 Canadian investment bank in                             organization(4)
   the U.S.(2)
                                                                       6th largest full-service wealth advisory
 #1 in market share for High Net Worth/Ultra                          firm in the U.S. as measured by assets under
   High Net Worth in Canada                                             administration (AUA)(3)




(1) Based on global investment banking fees (fiscal 2022), Dealogic   (3) Refer to the Glossary for definition on page 126
(2) Based on market share (fiscal 2022), Dealogic                     (4) On a total revenue basis


10 | Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022
                                                            RBC Dominion Securities ranked highest
                                                            among Canadian bank-owned investment
                                                            brokerage firms for the 16th consecutive year(9)

                                                            Leveraged our industry-leading Canadian
                                                            mobile app to deliver value-added client
                                                            insights. 3.3 million clients have activated
                                                            personalized plans through MyAdvisor®

                                                            Partnered with ICICI Bank Canada to create a
                                                            seamless banking experience for newcomers
                                                            to Canada

                                                            RBCx™ supports 4,000 tech and innovation
                                                            clients and in-house ventures like Mydoh®
RBC Global Asset Management® named TopGun                   (used by 100,000+ Canadians), Ownr® (trusted
Investment Team of the Year(5)                              by 85,000+ Canadian businesses) and Dr. Bill®
                                                            (serving 8,000 physicians)
One of the top 3 Greenwich Quality Leaders in
Canadian Institutional Investment Management                Best Global Retail Bank and Best Bank for
Service for the 8th consecutive year(6)                     small and medium-sized enterprises(10)

Recognized as the most valuable Canadian                    Expanded the Avion Rewards™ loyalty
brand and 2nd among the Top 10 Global Banks(7)              program with METRO Inc., Lowe’s‡, RONA‡ and
                                                            Réno‑Dépôt‡ joining our retail partnerships
Outstanding Global Private Bank in North
                                                            with Petro‑Canada‡(11), WestJet‡, Rexall‡,
America for the 7th consecutive year(8)
                                                            DoorDash‡ and more




(5)   Brendan Wood International                          (9) Investment Executive Brokerage Report Card
(6)   Coalition Greenwich                                 (10) RBI Global retail banking awards
(7)   Kantar BrandZ Most Valuable Global Brands           (11) Petro-Canada is a Suncor business
(8)   Private Banker International Global Wealth Awards


                                                                                                  Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022 | 11
2022 highlights across our balanced scorecard

Employees
Our collective success depends on attracting, retaining and developing
the right talent to deliver on our strategy. From wellness and flexibility,
to skill building and leadership development, we are committed to
supporting, enabling and empowering our employees as they help
our clients thrive and communities prosper.


                                                                 Among Canada’s Top 100
                                                                 Employers, Canada’s Best
                                                                 Diversity Employers and Best
                                                                 Workplaces in 2022(1)(2)

                                                                 Recognized as one of the Best
                                                                 Workplaces for Professional
                                                                 Development for our experiential
                                                                 learning, coaching, mentorship
                                                                 and formal training(2)

                                                                 Named one of the Best
                                                                 Workplaces for Hybrid Work
                                                                 for flexibility and resources
                                                                 available to support the new
                                                                 world of work(2)



   Announced a $200 million investment in          Enhanced our critical tech talent strategy
   our employees, including a mid-year 3%          with a new Tech Career Journey and
   salary increase, enhanced defined pension       storytelling initiatives to strengthen our
   contributions and family benefits in Canada,    reputation as a top employer, welcoming
   and more support for career development         2,300 experienced technologists, 39% of
                                                   whom were women


$16.5 billion in competitive compensation         Recognized as one of Canada’s Top Employers
and benefits                                      for Young People(1)




(1) MediaCorp Canada Inc.
(2) Great Place to Work Institute


12 | Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022
   Accelerating our progress in Diversity                                                      Women represented:
   & Inclusion:                                                                                 51% of hires(3)
   Black, Indigenous and People of Colour                                                       53% of promotions(4)
   (BIPOC) represented:                                                                         43% of new executive appointments(5)
    43% of hires(3)                                                                           Global employee base comprised of 20% young
    43% of promotions(4)                                                                      people(6)
    31% of new executive appointments,                                                       Welcomed 1,500+ summer students across
      surpassing our goal of 30% for the year(5)                                               the globe, 52% were BIPOC(7)

2022 Employee Engagement Survey found                                                          Introduced a new HR management system with
employees are highly engaged and feel proud                                                    self-serve processes and AI-enabled learning and
to be part of RBC(8):                                                                          job recommendations to support career growth
 93% feel they contribute to RBC’s success                                                   and enhance our employees’ digital experience
 89% are proud to be part of RBC
 88% are willing to go above and beyond

(3)	Hires includes new external hires and rehires excluding City National Bank, BlueBay       (5)	Represents data for our businesses in Canada governed by the Employment Equity Act.
     Asset Management and Brewin Dolphin; based on self-identification; excludes summer             A new executive appointment is the appointment of an internal employee or external
     interns, students and co-ops. BIPOC hires includes Canada and U.S. only. Women hires is        hire as a first-time Vice President, Senior Vice President or Executive Vice President
     global                                                                                    (6)	Headcount under 30 globally, excluding City National, BlueBay Asset Management and
(4)	Promotions are defined as an upward change in position level, HR Class or Global               Brewin Dolphin employees
     Grade. Excludes summer interns, students, co-ops, City National Bank, Blue Bay Asset      (7) Based on self-identification
     Management and Brewin Dolphin. Values for women represent data from our global            (8)	Employee Engagement Survey conducted between April 27-May 11, 2022; participation
     operations. Values for BIPOC represent data from our businesses in Canada and the              rate was 73%
     U.S., based on self-identification


                                                                                                                                           Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022 | 13
2022 highlights across our balanced scorecard

Communities
Supporting the communities where we live and work is central to our
Purpose. Through our global partnerships, donations and employee
initiatives, RBC is committed to building vibrant, socially inclusive
and sustainable communities.
With our key programs – RBC Future Launch®, Tech for Nature™ and
Emerging Artists – our approach is aligned to our priority ESG pillars
including youth, climate, diversity & inclusion and financial wellness.



   $154+ million given globally through donations and community investments, including nearly
   $1.9 million to support humanitarian relief efforts in Ukraine, Pakistan, natural disaster response
   efforts in Canada and the U.S., and in response to local tragedies(1)

   Employees stepped up to participate in the second RBC Global Earth Day Challenge, completing
   51,000+ earth-friendly activities. RBC provided rewards for completing each activity, leading to
   $760,000+ in support of local charities


   Celebrated the return of live events with marquee enterprise sponsorships, including the RBC
   Canadian Open, RBC Heritage, RBCxMusic® Concert Series and the Toronto International Film Festival




(1)	Includes employee volunteer grants and gifts in kind, as well as contributions to non-profits and non-registered charities. Figure includes sponsorships


14 | Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022
                                                                                               Since its start in 2009, the
                                                                                               RBC Race for the Kids
                                                                                               has raised $83+ million for
                                                                                               youth-focused charities
                                                                                               around the world. In 2022,
                                                                                               37,000+ participants raised
                                                                                               $9+ million for 22 charities
                                                                                               across 10 countries




$331+ million provided through RBC Future
Launch®, reaching 5.3 million Canadian youth
                                                                             RBC Charity Day for the Kids donated US$5 million
through 840+ partner programs since 2017. Through
                                                                             to 55+ youth-focused charities around the globe.
our $1.6 million investment in RBC Future Launch®
                                                                             Since launching in 2015, this initiative has raised
scholarships this year, 500+ young Canadians will
                                                                             US$25.2 million for 100+ organizations
have the opportunity to pursue their business and
academic passions




                                                                             Expanded our Employee Giving Campaign
                                                                             globally, with 81% of RBC employees supporting
Through the RBC Emerging Artists program, our
                                                                             9,500+ charities across 28 countries. Together
investments in arts organizations have exceeded
                                                                             with retirees, RBC raised $21.8 million
$119 million, supporting 35,000+ artists since 2007

                                                                             $6 billion in support of our communities as one of
Launched the RBC Black Entrepreneur Business
                                                                             the largest taxpayers in Canada, and as a taxpayer
Loan, supporting Black entrepreneurs in Canada
                                                                             in other countries where we operate(2)
as they start, manage and grow their business with
loans of up to $250,000



(2) Refer to page 101 of the 2022 Annual Report for additional information


                                                                                                     Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022 | 15
2022 highlights across our balanced scorecard

Sustainability
Climate change presents a significant challenge that is impacting
communities globally. Achieving net-zero greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions by 2050 requires one of the largest economic
transformations in generations. RBC is committed to working
alongside governments, businesses and individuals to facilitate
meaningful progress towards net-zero.




16 | Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022
                                                           Signed our second long-term renewable energy Power Purchase
                                                             Agreement, advancing our goals to reduce emissions from our
                                                             global operations by 70% and to source 100% of our electricity from
                                                             renewable and non-emitting sources, both by 2025

                                                           Acted as a financial advisor to 23 Indigenous communities buying
                                                             an ownership stake in 7 Enbridge pipelines in Northern Alberta – the
                                                             largest Indigenous energy partnership transaction in North America,
                                                             to-date(1)

                                                           RBC GAM is a founding signatory to the Canadian Investor
                                                             Statement on Climate Change, which demonstrates the collective
                                                             ambition and action of Canadian investors in recognizing the need
                                                             to accelerate the transition towards a net-zero economy

                                                           Supported the development and deployment of cutting-edge
                                                             clean energy technologies through our investment in funds
                                                             like EVOK, focusing on opportunities in carbon capture use &
                                                             storage (CCUS), low-carbon fuels, clean energy, grid innovations
                                                             and mobility(2)


  RBC released its Sustainable Finance                                           RBC delivered a key milestone in its
  Framework, which outlines the approach                                         commitment to achieving net-zero in its
  the bank takes to measure progress against                                     lending portfolio by 2050 with the release
  its commitment to provide $500 billion in                                      of its initial set of 2030 interim emissions
  sustainable financing by 2025                                                  reduction targets for key sectors: oil
                                                                                 & gas, power generation and automotive


RBC intends to help finance the transition to
net‑zero, strengthen a diverse and inclusive
culture, and build stronger communities and
enable economic inclusion                                                       RBC Tech for Nature™, a global initiative to support
                                                                                new ideas, technologies, and partnerships that
Honoured as ESG Manager of the year through                                     address complex environmental challenges.
the 2022 UK Pensions Awards                                                     Since 2019, 550+ organizations have benefitted
                                                                                from $39+ million in community investments
Ranked #4 globally in Institutional Investor’s
                                                                                towards a $100 million commitment by 2025
ESG Research Team category




(1) Indigenous Communities and Enbridge Announce Landmark Equity Partnership
(2) Evok Innovations Announces First Close of $300 Million USD Cleantech Fund
                                                                                                         Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022 | 17
2022 highlights across our balanced scorecard

Shareholders
RBC is driven by its vision, values and commitment to delivering
long-term results.




         Financial performance metrics

         Medium-Term Objectives(1)                                                         3-Year                            5-Year
         Diluted EPS growth of 7%+                                                               8%                                8%
         ROE of 16%+                                                                         16.4%                             16.7%
         Strong capital ratio (CET1)                                                         12.9%                             12.5%
         Dividend payout ratio of 40%–50%                                                      46%                               46%



         Total shareholder return(2)
                                                                                           3-Year                            5-Year
         RBC                                                                                   10%                                 9%
         Global peer average                                                                     6%                                5%



         Earnings                                                        Revenue by segment(3)
         net income (C$ billion)                                         (C$ billion)


         $16.1           $15.8         Annualized Dividend               $9.1                                                 $20.1
                                       Increase of:                      Capital                                              P&CB
                                                                         Markets
                                       7%                                $2.2
                                       Five year(4)                      I&TS
                                                                         $3.5
                                       10%                               Insurance
                                       Ten year(4)

                                                                                                                         $14.8
           2021           2022                                                                                           Wealth
                                                                                                                         Management




       (1)	A medium-term (3-5 year) objective is considered to be achieved when the performance goal is met in either a 3- or 5-year period.
            These objectives assume a normal business environment and our ability to achieve them in a period may be adversely affected by the
            macroeconomic backdrop
       (2)	Annualized TSR is calculated based on the TSX common share price appreciation plus reinvested dividend income. Source: Bloomberg, as at
            October 31, 2022. Please refer to page 24
       (3) Excludes Corporate Support
       (4) Compound Annual Growth Rate




18 | Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022
 16.4% return on common                                                              80.25(7)
 equity(5),                                                                          average percentile ranking and
 down from 18.6% in 2021                                                             rating on our priority ESG indices




 12.6% robust common equity                                                          Strong funding profile
 tier 1 (CET1) ratio                                                                 Long-term credit rating upgraded
                                                                                     to Aa1 by Moody’s(8)
 Prudent risk management with 10
 basis points of provision for credit                                                Approximately 400,000 net new
 losses (PCL) on impaired loans                                                      clients added in 2022
                                                                                     Leading 103% ratio of loans to
                                                                                     deposits in Canadian Banking

 $4.96 dividends
 declared per share, up 15% from
 2021; dividend payout ratio of 45%                                                  $11.06
 $12.4 billion of profits returned                                                   diluted earnings per share (EPS),
 to our shareholders through                                                         flat from 2021
 dividends and share repurchases;
 total payout ratio of 80%(6)




(5) Refer to the Glossary for definition on page 127
(6)	Total payout ratio is calculated as total common shareholder distributions (common dividends of $6.9 billion + common share repurchases
     of $5.4 billion) as a percentage of net income available to common shareholders ($15.5 billion)
(7)	Average percentile ranking and rating compiled from our priority ESG rating agencies and indices: Sustainalytics, MSCI ESG Rating, FTSE4Good
     and S&P Global’s Corporate Sustainability Assessment (informing the DJSI) – FTSE4Good and MSCI ratings reflect 2021 scores. The ESG rankings
     and ratings market is evolving and is not currently regulated in Canada or the U.S. ESG rating agencies and indices may use different data, metrics,
     models and/or methodologies. ESG ranking and ratings are not necessarily comparable, and those given to RBC are for information only. Investors
     and other stakeholders should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties when reviewing these rankings and ratings
(8)	On January 27, 2022, Moody’s upgraded our long-term debt ratings and assessments, as well as affirmed our short-term debt ratings. Includes
     senior long-term debt issued prior to September 23, 2018 and senior long-term debt issued on or after September 23, 2018 which is excluded from
     the Bail-in regime




                                                                                                                    Royal Bank of Canada Annual Report 2022 | 19
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) is provided to enable a reader to assess our results of operations and financial condition for the fiscal
 year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the preceding fiscal year. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with our 2022 Annual Consolidated
 Financial Statements and related notes and is dated November 29, 2022. All amounts are in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise specified, and are based
 on financial statements presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting
 Standards Board (IASB), unless otherwise noted.
 Additional information about us, including our 2022 Annual Information Form, is available free of charge on our website at rbc.com/investorrelations, on
 the Canadian Securities Administrators’ website at sedar.com and on the EDGAR section of the United States (U.S.) Securities and Exchange
 Commission’s (SEC) website at sec.gov.
 Information contained in or otherwise accessible through the websites mentioned herein does not form part of this report. All references in this report to
 websites are inactive textual references and are for your information only.



Table of contents
Caution regarding forward-looking                              Key performance and non-GAAP                    Operational/regulatory compliance
  statements                                       20            measures                             30        risk drivers                                  94
Overview and outlook                     21                    Personal & Commercial Banking          32        Operational risk                              94
 Selected financial and other highlights 21                    Wealth Management                      37        Regulatory compliance risk                    96
 About Royal Bank of Canada              22                    Insurance                              43       Strategic risk drivers                         97
 Vision and strategic goals              22                    Investor & Treasury Services           47         Strategic risk                               97
 Economic, market and regulatory                               Capital Markets                        49         Reputation risk                              97
   review and outlook                    22                    Corporate Support                      53         Legal and regulatory environment risk        98
 Key corporate events of 2022            23                  Quarterly financial information          53         Competitive risk                             99
 Defining and measuring success                               Fourth quarter performance              53       Macroeconomic risk drivers                     99
   through total shareholder returns     24                   Quarterly results and trend analysis    54        Systemic risk                                 99
Financial performance                     24                 Financial condition                      55       Overview of other risks                      100
  Overview                                24                   Condensed balance sheets               55
  Impact of foreign currency translation 25                    Off-balance sheet arrangements         56       Capital management                           105
  Total revenue                           25                 Risk management                          58       Accounting and control matters               114
  Provision for credit losses             26                   Top and emerging risks                 58         Critical accounting policies and
  Insurance policyholder benefits, claims                      Overview                               60           estimates                                 114
    and acquisition expense               27                   Enterprise risk management             61         Controls and procedures                     117
  Non-interest expense                    27                                                                   Related party transactions                   117
  Income and other taxes                  27                 Transactional/positional risk drivers    66
  Client assets                           28                   Credit risk                            66       Supplementary information                    118
                                                               Market risk                            76       Glossary                                     126
Business segment results                           29          Liquidity and funding risk             81
 Results by business segment                       29          Insurance risk                         94       Enhanced Disclosure Task Force
 How we measure and report our                                                                                   recommendations index                      128
   business segments                               29


     Caution regarding forward-looking statements

From time to time, we make written or oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of certain securities laws, including the “safe harbour” provisions
of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and any applicable Canadian securities legislation. We may make forward-looking
statements in this 2022 Annual Report, in other filings with Canadian regulators or the SEC, in other reports to shareholders, and in other communications.
Forward-looking statements in this document include, but are not limited to, statements relating to our financial performance objectives, vision and strategic
goals, the economic, market, and regulatory review and outlook for Canadian, U.S., U.K., European and global economies, the regulatory environment in
which we operate, the impact from rising interest rates, the expected closing of the transaction involving HSBC Bank Canada, the Strategic priorities and
Outlook sections for each of our business segments, the risk environment including our credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, the direction of the
coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and its potential impact on our business operations, financial results, condition and objectives and on the global economy
and financial market conditions, our climate- and sustainability-related beliefs, targets and goals (including our net-zero and sustainable finance
commitments), and includes our President and Chief Executive Officer’s statements. The forward-looking information contained in this document is
presented for the purpose of assisting the holders of our securities and financial analysts in understanding our financial position and results of operations
as at and for the periods ended on the dates presented, as well as our financial performance objectives, vision and strategic goals, and may not be
appropriate for other purposes. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as “believe”, “expect”, “foresee”, “forecast”, “anticipate”,
“intend”, “estimate”, “goal”, “commit”, “target”, “objective”, “plan” and “project” and similar expressions of future or conditional verbs such as “will”, “may”,
“might”, “should”, “could” or “would”.
      By their very nature, forward-looking statements require us to make assumptions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, which give rise to
the possibility that our predictions, forecasts, projections, expectations or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that our assumptions may not be
correct that our financial performance, environmental & social or other objectives, vision and strategic goals will not be achieved, and that our actual results
may differ materially from such predictions, forecasts, projections, expectations or conclusions.
      We caution readers not to place undue reliance on these statements as a number of risk factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from
the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors – many of which are beyond our control and the effects of which can be
difficult to predict – include: credit, market, liquidity and funding, insurance, operational, regulatory compliance (which could lead to us being subject to
various legal and regulatory proceedings, the potential outcome of which could include regulatory restrictions, penalties and fines), strategic, reputation,
competitive, model, legal and regulatory environment, systemic risks and other risks discussed in the risk sections of our 2022 Annual Report including
business and economic conditions in the geographic regions in which we operate, Canadian housing and household indebtedness, information technology
and cyber risks, geopolitical uncertainty, environmental and social risk (including climate change), digital disruption and innovation, privacy, data and third-
party related risks, regulatory changes, culture and conduct risks, the effects of changes in government fiscal, monetary and other policies, tax risk and
transparency, and the emergence of widespread health emergencies or public health crises such as pandemics and epidemics, including the COVID-19
pandemic and its impact on the global economy, financial market conditions and our business operations, and financial results, condition and objectives.
Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations in such forward-looking statements can be found in the risk
section of our 2022 Annual Report.
      We caution that the foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive and other factors could also adversely affect our results. When relying on our forward-
looking statements to make decisions with respect to us, investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and
potential events. Material economic assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained in this 2022 Annual Report are set out in the Economic,
market and regulatory review and outlook section and for each business segment under the Strategic priorities and Outlook headings. Except as required by
law, we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf.
      Additional information about these and other factors can be found in the risk sections of this 2022 Annual Report.
20      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Overview and outlook


      Selected financial and other highlights                                                                                                                   Table 1

                                                                                                                                                  2022 vs. 2021
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except per share, number of and percentage amounts)                              2022               2021         Increase (decrease)
      Total revenue                                                                                   $      48,985 $           49,693 $          (708)         (1.4)%
      Provision for credit losses (PCL)                                                                         484               (753)          1,237        (164.3)%
      Insurance policyholder benefits, claims and acquisition expense (PBCAE)                                 1,783              3,891          (2,108)        (54.2)%
      Non-interest expense                                                                                   26,609             25,924             685            2.6%
      Income before income taxes                                                                             20,109             20,631            (522)         (2.5)%
Net income                                                                                            $      15,807 $           16,050 $           (243)          (1.5)%
Segments – net income
  Personal & Commercial Banking                                                                       $        8,370 $            7,847 $          523             6.7%
  Wealth Management                                                                                            3,144              2,626            518            19.7%
  Insurance                                                                                                      857                889            (32)          (3.6)%
  Investor & Treasury Services                                                                                   513                440             73            16.6%
  Capital Markets                                                                                              2,921              4,187         (1,266)         (30.2)%
  Corporate Support                                                                                                2                 61            (59)             n.m.
Net income                                                                                            $      15,807 $           16,050 $           (243)          (1.5)%
Selected information
  Earnings per share (EPS) – basic                                                                    $       11.08 $             11.08 $         0.00             0.0%
                            – diluted                                                                         11.06               11.06           0.00             0.0%
  Return on common equity (ROE) (1)                                                                           16.4%              18.6%            n.m.        (220) bps
  Average common equity (1)                                                                           $      94,700 $           84,850 $         9,850            11.6%
  Net interest margin (NIM) – on average earning assets, net (2)                                              1.48%              1.48%            n.m.             – bps
  PCL on loans as a % of average net loans and acceptances                                                    0.06%            (0.10)%            n.m.           16 bps
  PCL on performing loans as a % of average net loans and acceptances                                       (0.04)%            (0.20)%            n.m.           16 bps
  PCL on impaired loans as a % of average net loans and acceptances                                           0.10%              0.10%            n.m.             – bps
  Gross impaired loans (GIL) as a % of loans and acceptances                                                  0.26%              0.31%            n.m.           (5) bps
  Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) (3)                                                                          125%               123%             n.m.          200 bps
  Net stable funding ratio (NSFR) (3)                                                                         112%               116%             n.m.        (400) bps
Capital, Leverage and Total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC) ratios (4)
  Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio                                                                           12.6%              13.7%             n.m.       (110) bps
  Tier 1 capital ratio                                                                                        13.8%              14.9%             n.m.       (110) bps
  Total capital ratio                                                                                         15.4%              16.7%             n.m.       (130) bps
  Leverage ratio                                                                                               4.4%               4.9%             n.m.        (50) bps
  TLAC ratio (5)                                                                                              26.4%                n.a.            n.a.             n.a.
  TLAC leverage ratio (5)                                                                                      8.5%                n.a.            n.a.             n.a.
Selected balance sheet and other information (6)
  Total assets                                                                                        $ 1,917,219 $          1,706,323 $ 210,896                  12.4%
  Securities, net of applicable allowance                                                                 318,223              284,724    33,499                  11.8%
  Loans, net of allowance for loan losses                                                                 819,965              717,575   102,390                  14.3%
  Derivative related assets                                                                               154,439               95,541    58,898                  61.6%
  Deposits                                                                                              1,208,814            1,100,831   107,983                   9.8%
  Common equity                                                                                           100,746               91,983     8,763                   9.5%
  Total risk-weighted assets                                                                              609,879              552,541    57,338                  10.4%
  Assets under management (AUM) (2)                                                                       999,700            1,008,700    (9,000)                (0.9)%
  Assets under administration (AUA) (2), (7)                                                            5,649,700            6,347,300  (697,600)               (11.0)%
Common share information
  Shares outstanding (000s) – average basic                                                             1,403,654            1,424,343   (20,689)                (1.5)%
                            – average diluted                                                           1,406,034            1,426,735   (20,701)                (1.5)%
                            – end of period                                                             1,382,911            1,424,525   (41,614)                (2.9)%
  Dividends declared per common share                                                                 $      4.96 $               4.32 $    0.64                 14.8%
  Dividend yield (2)                                                                                         3.7%                3.8%       n.m.               (10) bps
  Dividend payout ratio (2)                                                                                  45%                  39%       n.m.               600 bps
  Common share price (RY on TSX) (8)                                                                  $    126.05 $             128.82 $   (2.77)                (2.2)%
  Market capitalization (TSX) (8)                                                                         174,316              183,507    (9,191)                (5.0)%
Business information (number of)
 Employees (full-time equivalent) (FTE)                                                                      91,427             85,301           6,126              7.2%
 Bank branches                                                                                                1,271              1,295             (24)           (1.9)%
 Automated teller machines (ATMs)                                                                             4,368              4,378             (10)           (0.2)%
Period average US$ equivalent of C$1.00 (9)                                                           $        0.774 $            0.796 $       (0.022)           (2.8)%
Period-end US$ equivalent of C$1.00                                                                   $        0.734 $            0.808 $       (0.074)           (9.1)%
(1)  Average amounts are calculated using methods intended to approximate the average of the daily balances for the period. This includes average common equity used in
     the calculation of ROE. For further details, refer to the Key performance and non-GAAP measures section.
(2)  See Glossary for composition of this measure.
(3)  The LCR and NSFR are calculated in accordance with the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions’ (OSFI) Liquidity Adequacy Requirements (LAR) guideline.
     LCR is the average for the three months ended for each respective period. For further details, refer to the Liquidity and funding risk section.
(4) Capital ratios are calculated using OSFI’s Capital Adequacy Requirements (CAR) guideline and the Leverage ratio is calculated using OSFI’s Leverage Requirements (LR)
     guideline.
(5)  Effective Q1 2022, OSFI requires Canadian Domestic Systemically Important Banks (D-SIBs) to meet minimum risk-based TLAC ratio and TLAC leverage ratio requirements
     which are calculated using OSFI’s TLAC guideline. For further details, refer to the Capital management section.
(6)  Represents year-end spot balances.
(7)  AUA includes $15 billion and $6 billion (2021 – $15 billion and $3 billion) of securitized residential mortgages and credit card loans, respectively.
(8)  Based on TSX closing market price at period-end.
(9)  Average amounts are calculated using month-end spot rates for the period.
n.a. not applicable
n.m. not meaningful

                                                                                 Management’s Discussion and Analysis       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     21
     About Royal Bank of Canada

Royal Bank of Canada is a global financial institution with a purpose-driven, principles-led approach to delivering leading
performance. Our success comes from the 95,000+ employees who leverage their imaginations and insights to bring our vision,
values and strategy to life so we can help our clients thrive and communities prosper. As Canada’s biggest bank and one of the
largest in the world, based on market capitalization, we have a diversified business model with a focus on innovation and
providing exceptional experiences to our 17 million clients in Canada, the U.S. and 27 other countries. Learn more at rbc.com.
    Our business segments are described below.

                                      Provides a broad suite of financial products and services in Canada, the Caribbean and the U.S.
        Personal &                    Our commitment to building and maintaining deep and meaningful relationships with our clients
     Commercial Banking               is underscored by the breadth of our product suite, our depth of expertise, and the features of our
                                      digital solutions.


                                      Serves affluent, high net worth (HNW) and ultra-high net worth (UHNW) clients from our offices in
                                      key financial centres mainly in Canada, the U.S., the United Kingdom (U.K.), Europe, and Asia. We
          Wealth
                                      offer a comprehensive suite of investment, trust, banking, credit and other advice-based
        Management
                                      solutions. We also provide asset management products to institutional and individual clients
                                      through our distribution channels and third-party distributors.


                                      Offers a wide range of advice and solutions for individual and business clients including life,
          Insurance
                                      health, wealth, home, auto, travel, annuities and reinsurance.


                                      Provides asset, payment and treasury services to financial institutions and asset owners
     Investor & Treasury              worldwide. We are a leader in Canadian cash management and transaction banking services.
          Services                    Trusted with nearly 4 trillion in AUA, our focus is on safeguarding client assets and supporting our
                                      clients’ growth.


                                      Provides expertise in advisory & origination, sales & trading, and lending & financing to
                                      corporations, institutional clients, asset managers, private equity firms and governments
       Capital Markets
                                      globally. We serve clients from 63 offices in 18 countries across North America, the U.K. & Europe,
                                      and Australia, Asia & other regions.


                                      Corporate Support consists of Technology & Operations, which provides the technological and
                                      operational foundation required to effectively deliver products and services to our clients,
      Corporate Support
                                      Functions, which includes our finance, human resources, risk management, internal audit and
                                      other functional groups, as well as our Corporate Treasury function.


     Vision and strategic goals

Our business strategies and actions are guided by our vision, “To be among the world’s most trusted and successful financial
institutions.” Our three strategic goals are:
•    In Canada, to be the undisputed leader in financial services;
•    In the U.S., to be the preferred partner to corporate, institutional and HNW clients and their businesses; and
•    In select global financial centres, to be a leading financial services partner valued for our expertise.
For our progress in 2022 against our business strategies and strategic goals, refer to the Business segment results section.

     Economic, market and regulatory review and outlook – data as at November 29, 2022

The predictions and forecasts in this section are based on information and assumptions from sources we consider reliable. If this
information or these assumptions are not accurate, actual economic outcomes may differ materially from the outlook presented
in this section.

Economic and market review and outlook
Unemployment remains very low across many advanced economies, with labour shortages limiting further increases in
production. However, we expect unemployment rates will rise as central banks continue to raise interest rates to contain high
inflation, adding to growth headwinds. The U.S. and Canadian economies are expected to undergo moderate recessions in
calendar 2023. Recessions in the Euro Area and the United Kingdom (U.K.) have likely already started with higher interest rates
adding to surging inflation and disruptions from the war in Ukraine. While global inflation pressures have eased with the price of
key commodities and shipping costs declining from peak levels earlier in calendar 2022, inflation pressures have also broadened
across a wide array of goods and services. Consumer demand has continued to outpace available supply, and labour shortages
have driven wages higher, adding to potentially longer-lasting price pressures. Central banks are responding by increasing
interest rates more quickly than previously expected. Higher interest rates, elevated inflation and a decline in the value of
equities are reducing household confidence and purchasing power.



22      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Canada
Canadian GDP is expected to increase 3.2% in calendar 2022 following a 4.5% increase in calendar 2021. Output growth in this
calendar year has been supported by recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic in the travel and hospitality sectors and increased
activity in the oil and gas and mining sectors reflecting higher global commodity prices. Labour market conditions remain tight
with elevated job openings and unemployment rates at multi-decade lows. Growth is expected to continue to moderate in the
final calendar quarter of 2022 with a moderate recession expected in the first half of calendar 2023. While the unemployment rate
is low at 5.2% as of October 2022, it has increased from 4.9% in June and July of 2022. While inflation growth rates have begun to
moderate as global supply chain disruptions have eased, and house prices are declining in response to Bank of Canada (BoC)
interest rate increases, the inflation rate in October was still high and pressures remain broad-based. The BoC has already
increased the overnight rate by 350 basis points since March 2022 and we expect that rate to rise to 4.0% before the end of the
calendar year. Rising household debt servicing costs, high consumer price growth, and declining house prices are expected to
weaken household confidence and purchasing power over the next calendar year.
U.S.
U.S. GDP is expected to increase 1.8% in calendar 2022 following a 5.9% increase in calendar 2021. Labour markets have remained
very strong. However the unemployment rate has begun to increase from lows over the summer and the number of job openings
is decreasing. We expect further increases in the unemployment rate over the remainder of calendar 2022 and in calendar 2023.
While inflation rates have begun to decrease as global supply chain disruptions ease, and the price of gasoline has declined from
higher levels in the spring, price growth remains very high and broad-based. The Federal Reserve (Fed) is responding with
continued interest rate hikes. The Fed has already increased the federal funds rate target by 375 basis points since March 2022
and we expect that target range will rise to 4.75% to 5.0% by the end of the first calendar quarter of 2023. Higher interest rates
and inflation are reducing household purchasing power, and we expect consumer spending growth to slow with a moderate
recession expected in the first half of calendar 2023.
Europe
Euro area GDP is expected to rise by 3.0% in calendar 2022 following a 5.3% increase in calendar 2021. The Euro area economy is
expected to have entered a moderate recession in the second half of calendar 2022. The war in Ukraine is having a more direct
impact on economies in the Euro area relative to other regions due to stronger direct trade linkages. In addition, inflation in the
region is expected to continue to surge higher driven by increased energy costs. Despite a slowing growth outlook, surging
inflation is pushing the European Central Bank (ECB) to raise interest rates from exceptionally low negative rates at the
beginning of this calendar year. The ECB increased interest rates by 50 bps in July 2022 and another 75 bps in each of September
and October 2022. We expect further increases to push the deposit rate to 2.5% by the end of the first calendar quarter of 2023.
U.K. GDP is projected to rise by 4.2% in calendar 2022 after a 7.5% increase in calendar 2021. The U.K. is also expected to have
entered a recession in the second half of calendar 2022. As inflation in the U.K. has continued to surge, we expect the Bank of
England (BoE) to raise interest rates more quickly than previously anticipated to 3.75% by early calendar 2023.
Financial markets
Bond yields have increased substantially from the second calendar quarter of 2022 as central banks respond to high inflation.
The spread between longer and shorter duration bond yields, which is a commonly used recession indicator, has narrowed
sharply with the spread between 10-year and 2-year yields inverting to negative values in the U.S. and Canada. Equity markets
have declined from the beginning of calendar 2022 on a worsening global growth outlook. Global inflation pressures have shown
signs of easing and inflation rates may have peaked in some regions such as the U.S. and Canada. However, underlying inflation
pressures are not expected to ease to central bank target rates until the economy weakens substantially.
Regulatory environment
We continue to monitor and prepare for regulatory developments and changes in a manner that seeks to ensure compliance with
new requirements, while mitigating adverse business or financial impacts. Such impacts could result from new or amended laws
or regulations and the expectations of those who enforce them. A high level summary of the key regulatory changes that have the
potential to increase or decrease our costs and the complexity of our operations is included in the Legal and regulatory
environment risk section of this 2022 Annual Report.
     For a discussion on risk factors resulting from these and other developments which may affect our business and financial
results, refer to the risk sections of this 2022 Annual Report. For further details on our framework and activities to manage risks,
refer to the risk and Capital management sections of this 2022 Annual Report.

  Key corporate events of 2022

HSBC Bank Canada
On November 29, 2022, we entered into an agreement to acquire 100% of the common shares of HSBC Bank Canada (HSBC
Canada) for an all-cash purchase price of $13.5 billion. In addition, we will purchase all of the existing preferred shares and
subordinated debt of HSBC Canada held directly or indirectly by HSBC Holdings plc at par value. HSBC Canada is a premier
Canadian personal and commercial bank focused on globally connected clients.
    The transaction is expected to close by late 2023 and is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including
regulatory approvals. For further details, refer to Note 33 of our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Brewin Dolphin Holdings PLC
On September 27, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Brewin Dolphin Holdings PLC (Brewin Dolphin) for total consideration of
£1,591 million ($2,341 million) as of the date of close. The results of the acquired business have been consolidated from the
closing date and are included in International Wealth Management within our Wealth Management segment. For further details,
refer to Note 6 of our Consolidated Financial Statements.
RBC Investor Services
On October 17, 2022, we announced the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding with CACEIS (the asset servicing banking
group of Crédit Agricole S.A. and Banco Santander, S.A.) with a view for CACEIS to acquire the European asset servicing activities
of RBC Investor Services and its associated Malaysian centre of excellence. The execution of the final agreements between CACEIS
and RBC requires prior consultation with the relevant works councils of CACEIS. The completion of the contemplated transaction
will be subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory and antitrust approvals, and is expected to take place by the
end of the third calendar quarter of 2023. This transaction will have a de minimus impact on RBC’s CET1 ratio and EPS.
                                                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   23
      Defining and measuring success through total shareholder returns

Our focus is to maximize total shareholder returns (TSR) through the achievement of top half performance compared to our
global peer group over the medium-term (3-5 years), which we believe reflects a longer-term view of strong and consistent
financial performance.
     Maximizing TSR is aligned with our three strategic goals discussed earlier and we believe represents the most appropriate
measure of shareholder value creation. TSR is a concept used to compare the performance of our common shares over a period
of time, reflecting share price appreciation and dividends paid to common shareholders. The absolute size of TSR will vary
depending on market conditions, and the bank’s position reflects the market’s perception of our overall performance relative to
our peers over a period of time.
     Financial performance objectives are used to measure our performance against our medium-term TSR objectives and are
used as goals as we execute against our strategic priorities. We review and revise these financial performance objectives as
economic, market and regulatory environments change.
     The following table provides a summary of our 3-year and 5-year performance against our medium-term financial
performance objectives:

      Financial performance compared to our medium-term objectives                                                                                                  Table 2

Medium-term objectives (1)                                                                                                                3-year (2)              5-year (2)
Diluted EPS growth of 7% +                                                                                                                       8%                     8%
ROE of 16% +                                                                                                                                  16.4%                  16.7%
Strong capital ratio (CET1) (3)                                                                                                               12.9%                  12.5%
Dividend payout ratio 40% – 50%                                                                                                                46%                    46%
(1)     A medium-term (3-5 year) objective is considered to be achieved when the performance goal is met in either a 3- or 5-year period. These objectives assume a normal
        business environment and our ability to achieve them in a period may be adversely affected by the macroeconomic backdrop.
(2)     Diluted EPS growth is calculated using a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR). ROE, CET1 and dividend payout ratio are calculated using an average.
(3)     For further details on the CET1 ratio, refer to the Capital management section.

Our 3-year and 5-year medium-term financial performance objectives will remain unchanged in fiscal 2023.
We compare our TSR to that of a global peer group approved by our Board of Directors (the Board). The global peer group
consists of the following 9 financial institutions:
•   Canadian financial institutions: Bank of Montreal, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Manulife Financial Corporation,
    National Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia, and Toronto-Dominion Bank.
•   U.S. banks: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Wells Fargo & Company.
•   International banks: Westpac Banking Corporation.

      Medium-term objectives – 3- and 5-year TSR vs. peer group average                                                                                             Table 3

                                                                                                                                     3-year TSR (1)          5-year TSR (1)
Royal Bank of Canada                                                                                                                           10%                       9%
                                                                                                                                            Top half                Top half
Peer group average (excluding RBC)                                                                                                                 6%                        5%
(1)     The 3- and 5-year annualized TSR are calculated based on our common share price appreciation as per the TSX closing market price plus reinvested dividends for the
        period October 31, 2019 to October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2017 to October 31, 2022.


      Common share and dividend information                                                                                                                         Table 4

For the year ended October 31                                                                  2022              2021              2020               2019              2018
Common share price (RY on TSX) – close, end of period                                  $ 126.05          $    128.82       $     93.16        $    106.24       $     95.92
Dividends paid per share                                                                   4.96                 4.32              4.26               4.00              3.70
Increase (decrease) in share price                                                       (2.2)%               38.3%            (12.3)%             10.8%             (4.9)%
Total shareholder return                                                                   1.6%               43.8%             (8.4)%             15.2%             (1.0)%


      Financial performance


      Overview

2022 vs. 2021
Net income of $15,807 million was down $243 million or 2% from last year. Diluted EPS of $11.06 was flat and ROE of 16.4% was
down 220 bps. Our CET1 ratio was 12.6%, down 110 bps from last year.
     Our earnings reflect lower results in Capital Markets and Insurance, partially offset by higher earnings in Personal &
Commercial Banking, Wealth Management, and Investor & Treasury Services. The current year also reflects lower releases of
provisions on performing loans.
     For further details on our business segment results and CET1 ratio, refer to the Business segment results and Capital
management sections, respectively.




24        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Management’s Discussion and Analysis
  Impact of foreign currency translation

The following table reflects the estimated impact of foreign currency translation on key income statement items:

                                                                                                                                    Table 5

                  (Millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)                                                    2022 vs. 2021
                  Increase (decrease):
                    Total revenue                                                                                          $             165
                    PCL                                                                                                                    3
                    Non-interest expense                                                                                                  72
                    Income taxes                                                                                                           8
                    Net income                                                                                                            82
                  Impact on EPS
                    Basic                                                                                                  $            0.06
                    Diluted                                                                                                             0.06

The relevant average exchange rates that impact our business are shown in the following table:

                                                                                                                                    Table 6

                  (Average foreign currency equivalent of C$1.00) (1)                                                  2022              2021
                  U.S. dollar                                                                                         0.774            0.796
                  British pound                                                                                       0.618            0.579
                  Euro                                                                                                0.727            0.668
                  (1)     Average amounts are calculated using month-end spot rates for the period.


  Total revenue

                                                                                                                                    Table 7

                  (Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                            2022              2021
                        Interest and dividend income                                                        $        40,771     $     28,145
                        Interest expense                                                                             18,054            8,143
                  Net interest income                                                                       $        22,717     $     20,002
                  NIM                                                                                                 1.48%           1.48%
                        Insurance premiums, investment and fee income                                       $         3,510     $      5,600
                        Trading revenue                                                                                 926            1,183
                        Investment management and custodial fees                                                      7,610            7,132
                        Mutual fund revenue                                                                           4,289            4,251
                        Securities brokerage commissions                                                              1,481            1,538
                        Service charges                                                                               1,976            1,858
                        Underwriting and other advisory fees                                                          2,058            2,692
                        Foreign exchange revenue, other than trading                                                  1,038            1,066
                        Card service revenue                                                                          1,203            1,078
                        Credit fees                                                                                   1,512            1,530
                        Net gains on investment securities                                                               43              145
                        Share of profit in joint ventures and associates                                                110              130
                        Other                                                                                           512            1,488
                  Non-interest income                                                                       $        26,268     $     29,691
                  Total revenue                                                                             $        48,985     $     49,693

2022 vs. 2021
Total revenue decreased $708 million or 1% from last year, largely due to lower insurance premiums, investment and fee income
(Insurance revenue) and other revenue. Lower underwriting and other advisory fees and trading revenue also contributed to the
decrease. These factors were partially offset by higher net interest income and investment management and custodial fees.
     Net interest income increased $2,715 million or 14%, primarily due to average volume growth and higher spreads in Canadian
Banking and Wealth Management.
     NIM remained flat, as the benefit to our Canadian Banking and Wealth Management segments from rising interest rates was
offset by spread compression in repo products.
     Insurance revenue decreased $2,090 million or 37%, mainly due to the change in fair value of investments backing
policyholder liabilities and lower group annuity sales, both of which are largely offset in PBCAE. These factors were partially
offset by business growth in Canadian Insurance across the majority of our products.
     Investment management and custodial fees increased $478 million or 7%, primarily driven by higher average fee-based client
assets reflecting net sales.



                                                                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   25
     Trading revenue decreased $257 million or 22%, mainly due to the impact from loan underwriting markdowns, primarily in the
U.S., largely driven by challenging market conditions.
     Underwriting and other advisory fees decreased $634 million or 24%, mainly attributable to lower debt and equity origination
across most regions.
     Other revenue decreased $976 million or 66%, primarily attributable to changes in the fair value of the hedges related to our
U.S. share-based compensation plans, which was largely offset in Non-interest expense.

Additional trading information

                                                                                                                                                 Table 8

                       (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                             2022            2021 (2)
                               Net interest income (1)                                                                 $         2,024      $      2,230
                               Non-interest income                                                                                 926             1,183
                       Total trading revenue                                                                           $         2,950      $         3,413
                             Total trading revenue by product
                               Interest rate and credit                                                                $         1,147      $         1,904
                               Equities                                                                                            951                  935
                               Foreign exchange and commodities                                                                    852                  574
                       Total trading revenue                                                                           $         2,950      $         3,413
                       (1)     Reflects net interest income arising from trading-related positions, including assets and liabilities that are classified or
                               designated at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).
                       (2)     Amounts have been revised from those previously presented.


2022 vs. 2021
Total trading revenue of $2,950 million, which is comprised of trading-related revenue recorded in Net interest income and
Non-interest income, decreased $463 million or 14% from last year, mainly due to the impact from loan underwriting markdowns,
primarily in the U.S., largely driven by challenging market conditions.

     Provision for credit losses (1)

                                                                                                                                                 Table 9
                                                                                                                                 For the year ended
                                                                                                                               October 31        October 31
                       (Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                                   2022               2021
                             Personal & Commercial Banking                                                                 $       (281)     $        (899)
                             Wealth Management                                                                                       21                (32)
                             Capital Markets                                                                                        (22)              (414)
                             Corporate Support and other (2)                                                                          1                 (5)
                             PCL on performing loans                                                                               (281)           (1,350)
                             Personal & Commercial Banking                                                                 $        755      $         731
                             Wealth Management                                                                                       13                (14)
                             Capital Markets                                                                                         13                (39)
                             Corporate Support and other (2)                                                                         (3)                 –
                             PCL on impaired loans                                                                                  778                678
                       PCL – Loans                                                                                                  497               (672)
                       PCL – Other financial assets (3)                                                                             (13)               (81)
                       Total PCL                                                                                           $        484      $        (753)
                       PCL on loans is comprised of:
                         Retail                                                                                            $        (31)     $        (684)
                         Wholesale                                                                                                 (250)              (666)
                             PCL on performing loans                                                                               (281)           (1,350)
                             Retail                                                                                                 648                604
                             Wholesale                                                                                              130                 74
                             PCL on impaired loans                                                                                  778                678
                       PCL – Loans                                                                                         $        497      $        (672)
                       PCL on loans as a % of average net loans and acceptances                                                 0.06%            (0.10)%
                       PCL on impaired loans as a % of average net loans and
                         acceptances                                                                                            0.10%              0.10%
                       (1)     Information on loans represents loans, acceptance and commitments.
                       (2)     Includes PCL recorded in Corporate Support, Insurance and Investor & Treasury Services.
                       (3)     PCL on other financial assets mainly represents provisions on debt securities measured at FVOCI and amortized cost,
                               accounts receivable and financial guarantees.




26      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Management’s Discussion and Analysis
2022 vs. 2021
Total PCL was $484 million compared to $(753) million last year, primarily reflecting lower releases of provisions on performing
loans in Personal & Commercial Banking and Capital Markets. The PCL on loans ratio increased 16 bps.
     PCL on performing loans was $(281) million, compared to $(1,350) million last year, primarily in Personal & Commercial
Banking and Capital Markets, reflecting the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic in both 2022 and 2021. The releases in the
current year were partially offset by unfavourable changes in our macroeconomic outlook.
     PCL on impaired loans increased $100 million or 15%, mainly reflecting recoveries last year as compared to provisions taken
in the current year in Capital Markets and Wealth Management, as well as higher provisions in Personal & Commercial Banking.

  Insurance policyholder benefits, claims and acquisition expense (PBCAE)

2022 vs. 2021
PBCAE of $1,783 million decreased $2,108 million or 54% from last year, mainly reflecting the change in fair value of investments
backing policyholder liabilities and lower group annuity sales, both of which are largely offset in revenue. Higher favourable
investment-related experience and favourable annual actuarial assumption updates in the current year largely related to
economic assumptions also contributed to the decrease. These factors were partially offset by the impact of lower new longevity
reinsurance contracts, as well as business growth in Canadian Insurance.

  Non-interest expense

                                                                                                                                      Table 10

                  (Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                            2022               2021
                        Salaries                                                                              $       7,251       $      6,724
                        Variable compensation                                                                         7,127              7,145
                        Benefits and retention compensation                                                           2,015              2,053
                        Share-based compensation                                                                        135                617
                        Human resources                                                                              16,528             16,539
                        Equipment                                                                                     2,099              1,986
                        Occupancy                                                                                     1,554              1,584
                        Communications                                                                                1,082                931
                        Professional fees                                                                             1,511              1,351
                        Amortization of other intangibles                                                             1,369              1,287
                        Other                                                                                         2,466              2,246
                  Non-interest expense                                                                        $      26,609       $     25,924
                  Efficiency ratio (1)                                                                                54.3%             52.2%
                  Efficiency ratio adjusted (2)                                                                       52.3%             52.2%
                  (1)     Efficiency ratio is calculated as Non-interest expense divided by Total revenue.
                  (2)     This is a non-GAAP ratio. This measure has been adjusted by excluding the change in fair value of investments backing
                          policyholder liabilities from total revenue. For further details, refer to the Key performance and non-GAAP measures
                          section.


2022 vs. 2021
Non-interest expense increased $685 million or 3% from last year, mainly due to higher staff and technology related costs as well
as increased marketing costs and other discretionary spend. These factors were partially offset by the change in the fair value of
our U.S share-based compensation plans, which was largely offset in Other revenue.
     Our efficiency ratio of 54.3% increased 210 bps from last year. Excluding the change in fair value of investments backing
policyholder liabilities, our efficiency ratio of 52.3% increased 10 bps from last year.

Efficiency ratio excluding the change in fair value of investments backing policyholder liabilities is a non-GAAP ratio. For further
details, including a reconciliation, refer to the Key performance and non-GAAP measures section.

  Income and other taxes

                                                                                                                                      Table 11

                  (Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                            2022               2021
                  Income taxes                                                                                $       4,302       $      4,581
                  Other taxes
                    Value added and sales taxes                                                                         508                 443
                    Payroll taxes                                                                                       871                 810
                    Capital taxes                                                                                        90                  73
                    Property taxes                                                                                      129                 140
                    Insurance premium taxes                                                                              31                  31
                    Business taxes                                                                                       72                  39
                                                                                                                      1,701              1,536
                  Total income and other taxes                                                                $       6,003       $      6,117
                  Income before income taxes                                                                  $      20,109       $     20,631
                  Effective income tax rate                                                                           21.4%             22.2%
                  Effective total tax rate (1)                                                                       27.5%              27.6%
                  (1)     Total income and other taxes as a percentage of income before income taxes and other taxes.

                                                                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   27
2022 vs. 2021
Income tax expense decreased $279 million or 6% from last year, primarily due to lower income before income taxes, an increase
in income from lower tax rate jurisdictions and higher tax-exempt income in the current year.
     The effective income tax rate of 21.4% decreased 80 bps, primarily due to higher tax-exempt income and an increase in
income from lower tax rate jurisdictions in the current year.
     Other taxes increased $165 million or 11% from last year, mainly due to higher value added and sales taxes commensurate
with increased purchase activity, higher payroll taxes driven by higher staff-related costs, as well as an increase in business
taxes.

      Client assets

Assets under administration
AUA are assets administered by us which are beneficially owned by our clients. We provide services that are administrative in
nature, including safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling purchase and sale transactions, and record keeping.
Underlying investment strategies within AUA are determined by our clients and generally do not impact the administrative fees
that we receive. Administrative fees can be impacted by factors such as asset valuation level changes from market movements,
types of services administered, transaction volumes, geography and client relationship pricing based on volumes or multiple
services.
     Our Investor & Treasury Services business is the primary business segment that has AUA with approximately 69% of total
AUA, as at October 31, 2022, followed by our Wealth Management and Personal & Commercial Banking businesses with
approximately 25% and 6% of total AUA, respectively.

2022 vs. 2021
AUA decreased $698 billion or 11% from last year, primarily due to unfavourable market conditions, partially offset by increased
client activity in Investor & Treasury Services, the impact of foreign exchange translation and the inclusion of our acquisition of
Brewin Dolphin in Wealth Management.

The following table summarizes AUA by geography and asset class:

      AUA by geographic mix and asset class                                                                                Table 12

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                2022              2021
Canada (1)
  Money market                                                                                       $      43,200     $      42,700
  Fixed income                                                                                             735,800           772,400
  Equity                                                                                                   734,000           781,400
  Multi-asset and other                                                                                  1,006,300         1,150,400
Total Canada                                                                                             2,519,300         2,746,900
U.S. (1)
  Money market                                                                                             40,700            49,800
  Fixed income                                                                                            116,000            90,400
  Equity                                                                                                  246,300           256,000
  Multi-asset and other                                                                                   304,300           324,600
Total U.S.                                                                                                707,300           720,800
Other International (1)
  Money market                                                                                              38,200            32,800
  Fixed income                                                                                             252,700           308,200
  Equity                                                                                                   636,600           865,000
  Multi-asset and other                                                                                  1,495,600         1,673,600
Total International                                                                                      2,423,100         2,879,600
Total AUA                                                                                            $ 5,649,700       $ 6,347,300
(1)     Geographic information is based on the location from where our clients are serviced.


Assets under management
AUM are assets managed by us which are beneficially owned by our clients. Management fees are paid by the investment funds
and other clients for the investment capabilities of an investment manager and can also cover administrative services.
Management fees may be calculated daily, monthly or quarterly as a percentage of the AUM, depending on the distribution
channel, product and investment strategies. In general, equity strategies carry a higher fee rate than fixed income or money
market strategies. Fees are also impacted by asset mix and relationship pricing for clients using multiple services. Higher risk
assets generally produce higher fees, while clients using multiple services can take advantage of synergies which reduce the fees
they are charged. Certain funds may have performance fee arrangements where fees are recorded when certain benchmarks or
performance targets are achieved. These factors could lead to differences in fees earned by product and therefore net return by
asset class may vary despite similar average AUM. Our Wealth Management segment is the primary business segment that has
AUM with approximately 99% of total AUM as at October 31, 2022.

2022 vs. 2021
AUM decreased $9 billion or 1% from last year, primarily due to unfavourable market conditions, partially offset by the inclusion
of our acquisition of Brewin Dolphin, the impact of foreign exchange translation and net sales.
28        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The following table presents the change in AUM for the year ended October 31, 2022:

      Client assets – AUM                                                                                                                                     Table 13

                                                                                                   2022                                                               2021
                                                                                                                   Multi-asset
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                         Money market         Fixed income               Equity       and other                  Total                  Total
AUM, beginning balance                                   $     43,500        $ 235,400 $ 137,600 $ 592,200 $ 1,008,700                                    $    843,600
  Institutional inflows                                       100,000           42,900    16,100    16,600     175,600                                          98,000
  Institutional outflows                                     (107,300)         (48,900)  (10,600)  (13,200)   (180,000)                                        (73,700)
  Personal flows, net                                            (700)          (2,900)    2,000    23,000      21,400                                          51,500
Total net flows                                                (8,000)            (8,900)             7,500             26,400             17,000               75,800
  Market impact                                                   200            (27,400)           (18,100)           (72,100)          (117,400)             123,800
  Acquisition/dispositions                                          –                  –                  –             58,500             58,500               (4,500)
  Foreign exchange                                              2,100             (1,300)             2,900             29,200             32,900              (30,000)
Total market, acquisition/dispositions
  and foreign exchange impact                                    2,300           (28,700)           (15,200)           15,600             (26,000)               89,300
AUM, balance at end of year                              $     37,800        $ 197,800          $ 129,900         $ 634,200          $    999,700         $ 1,008,700


      Business segment results

      Results by business segments

                                                                                                                                                              Table 14

                                                                                         2022                                                                         2021
                                  Personal &                                          Investor &
(Millions of Canadian dollars,   Commercial           Wealth                            Treasury          Capital      Corporate
except percentage amounts)          Banking       Management         Insurance          Services       Markets (1)     Support (1)               Total                Total
      Net interest income        $    14,019       $      3,634 $             – $            498 $          4,698 $          (132) $         22,717 $            20,002
      Non-interest income              6,124             11,215           3,510            1,725            4,422            (728)           26,268              29,691
Total revenue                         20,143             14,849           3,510            2,223            9,120            (860)           48,985              49,693
  PCL                                    463                 34               –               (3)             (11)              1               484                (753)
  PBCAE                                    –                  –           1,783                –                –               –             1,783               3,891
  Non-interest expense                 8,437             10,701             588            1,569            5,561            (247)           26,609              25,924
      Income before
        income taxes                  11,243              4,114           1,139              657            3,570            (614)           20,109              20,631
      Income taxes                     2,873                970             282              144              649            (616)            4,302               4,581
Net income                       $      8,370      $      3,144 $           857 $            513 $          2,921 $              2 $         15,807 $            16,050
ROE (2)                                30.9%              16.5%          36.4%            16.4%            11.3%             n.m.             16.4%               18.6%
Average assets                   $ 575,900         $ 158,100 $ 22,500 $ 250,600 $ 824,800 $ 55,000 $ 1,886,900 $ 1,678,200
(1)  Net interest income, Non-interest income, Total revenue, Income before income taxes, and Income taxes are presented in Capital Markets on a taxable equivalent basis
     (teb). The teb adjustment is eliminated in the Corporate Support segment. For a further discussion, refer to the How we measure and report our business segments
     section.
(2)  For further details, refer to the Key performance and non-GAAP measures section.
n.m. not meaningful


      How we measure and report our business segments

Our management reporting framework is intended to measure the performance of each business segment as if it were a stand-
alone business and reflects the way that the business segment is managed. This approach is intended to ensure that our
business segments’ results include all applicable revenue and expenses associated with the conduct of their business and
depicts how management views those results.

Key methodologies
The following outlines the key methodologies and assumptions used in our management reporting framework. These are
periodically reviewed by management to ensure they remain valid.

Expense and tax allocation
To ensure that our business segments’ results include expenses associated with the conduct of their business, we allocate costs
incurred or services provided by Technology & Operations and Functions, which are directly undertaken or provided on the
business segments’ behalf. For other costs not directly attributable to our business segments, including overhead costs and
other indirect expenses, we use our management reporting framework for allocating these costs to each business segment in a
manner that is intended to reflect the underlying benefits.



                                                                                Management’s Discussion and Analysis       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022         29
Capital attribution
Our management reporting framework also determines the attribution of capital to our business segments in a manner that is
intended to consistently measure and align economic costs with the underlying benefits and risks associated with the activities
of each business segment. The amount of capital assigned to each business segment is referred to as attributed capital.
Unattributed capital and associated amounts are reported in Corporate Support. For further information, refer to the Capital
management section.

Funds transfer pricing
Funds transfer pricing refers to the pricing of intra-company borrowing or lending for management reporting purposes. We
employ a funds transfer pricing process to enable risk-adjusted management reporting of segment results. This process
determines the costs and revenue for intra-company borrowing and lending of funds after taking into consideration our interest
rate risk and liquidity risk management objectives, as well as applicable regulatory requirements.

Provisions for credit losses
PCL is recorded to recognize expected credit losses on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated as
FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI, which are not subject to impairment assessment. For details on our accounting
policy on Allowance for credit losses (ACL), refer to Note 2 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
     PCL is included in the results of each business segment to fully reflect the appropriate expenses related to the conduct of
each business segment.

In addition to the key methodologies described above, the following components of our management reporting framework also
impact how our business segments are managed and reported:
•    Wealth Management results include disclosure in U.S. dollars, primarily for U.S. Wealth Management (including City
     National) as we review and manage the results of this business largely in this currency.
•    Capital Markets results are reported on a teb basis, which grosses up total revenue from certain tax-advantaged sources
     (Canadian taxable corporate dividends and the U.S. tax credit investment business) to their effective taxable equivalent
     value with a corresponding offset recorded in the provision for income taxes. We record the elimination of the teb
     adjustments in Corporate Support. We believe these adjustments are useful and reflect how Capital Markets manages its
     business, since it enhances the comparability of revenue and related ratios across taxable revenue and our principal
     tax-advantaged sources of revenue. The use of teb adjustments and measures may not be comparable to similar GAAP
     measures or similarly adjusted amounts disclosed by other financial institutions.
•    Corporate Support results include all enterprise level activities that are undertaken for the benefit of the organization that
     are not allocated to our five business segments, such as certain treasury and liquidity management activities, including
     amounts associated with unattributed capital, and consolidation adjustments, including the elimination of the teb gross-up
     amounts. In addition, we record gains (losses) on economic hedges of our U.S. Wealth Management (including City National)
     share-based compensation plans, which are reflected in revenue, and related variability in share-based compensation
     expense driven by changes in the fair value of liabilities relating to these plans in Corporate Support as we believe this
     presentation more closely aligns with how we view business performance and manage the underlying risks.

     Key performance and non-GAAP measures

Performance measures
We measure and evaluate the performance of our consolidated operations and each business segment using a number of
financial metrics, such as net income and ROE. Certain financial metrics, including ROE, do not have a standardized meaning
under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and may not be comparable to similar measures disclosed by other
financial institutions.
Return on common equity
We use ROE, at both the consolidated and business segment levels, as a measure of return on total capital invested in our
business. Management views the business segment ROE measure as a useful measure for supporting investment and resource
allocation decisions because it adjusts for certain items that may affect comparability between business segments and certain
competitors.
     Our consolidated ROE calculation is based on net income available to common shareholders divided by total average
common equity for the period. Business segment ROE calculations are based on net income available to common shareholders
divided by average attributed capital for the period. For each segment, average attributed capital includes the capital required to
underpin various risks as described in the Capital management section and amounts invested in goodwill and intangibles.
     The attribution of capital involves the use of assumptions, judgments and methodologies that are regularly reviewed and
revised by management as deemed necessary. Changes to such assumptions, judgments and methodologies can have a material
effect on the business segment ROE information that we report. Other companies that disclose information on similar
attributions and related return measures may use different assumptions, judgments and methodologies.




30      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
   Calculation of ROE                                                                                                                                               Table 15

                                                                                              2022                                                                       2021
                                       Personal &                     Investor &
(Millions of Canadian dollars,        Commercial     Wealth             Treasury Capital Corporate
except percentage amounts)               Banking Management Insurance   Services Markets   Support                                                      Total          Total
Net income available to
  common shareholders                $        8,287 $               3,096 $            851 $            505 $ 2,855 $                    (47) $ 15,547          $ 15,781
Total average common
  equity (1), (2)                           26,800                 18,800            2,350            3,100       25,350             18,300          94,700          84,850
ROE (3)                                      30.9%                 16.5%            36.4%            16.4%         11.3%                n.m.          16.4%           18.6%
(1)    Total average common equity represents rounded figures.
(2)    The amounts for the segments are referred to as attributed capital.
(3)    ROE is based on actual balances of average common equity before rounding.
n.m.   not meaningful


Non-GAAP measures
We believe that certain non-GAAP measures described below are more reflective of our ongoing operating results and provide
readers with a better understanding of management’s perspective on our performance. These measures also enhance the
comparability of our financial performance for the year ended October 31, 2022 with the results from last year. Non-GAAP
measures (including non-GAAP ratios) do not have a standardized meaning under GAAP and may not be comparable to similar
measures disclosed by other financial institutions.

The following discussion describes the non-GAAP measures we use in evaluating our operating results.

Adjusted efficiency ratio
Our efficiency ratio is impacted by the change in fair value of investments backing policyholder liabilities, which is reported in
revenue and largely offset in PBCAE. The adjusted efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP ratio and is calculated using adjusted total
revenue, which is a non-GAAP measure as it excludes the impact from the change in fair value of investments backing
policyholder liabilities. We believe the adjusted efficiency ratio is a useful measure as changes in the fair value of investments
backing policyholder liabilities can lead to volatility in total revenue that could obscure trends in underlying business
performance and reduce comparability with prior periods.

   Consolidated non-GAAP efficiency ratio                                                                                                                           Table 16

                                                                         2022                                                               2021
                                                                    Item excluded                                                     Item excluded

                                                                   Change in fair value                                               Change in fair value
(Millions of Canadian dollars,                                 of investments backing                                             of investments backing
except percentage amounts)                     As reported      policyholder liabilities           Adjusted     As reported        policyholder liabilities           Adjusted

  Total revenue                              $ 48,985          $               1,888           $ 50,873         $ 49,693         $                     13       $    49,706
  Non-interest expense                         26,609                              –             26,609           25,924                                –            25,924
Efficiency ratio                                  54.3%                                             52.3%           52.2%                                             52.2%




                                                                                   Management’s Discussion and Analysis       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       31
     Personal & Commercial Banking

Personal & Commercial Banking provides a broad suite of financial products and services to individuals and businesses for their
day-to-day banking, investing and financing needs. We are focused on building deep and meaningful relationships with our
clients, underscored by the delivery of exceptional client experiences, the breadth of our product suite, our depth of expertise,
and the features of our digital solutions.


     > 14 million                                         #1 or #2                                   38,450
     Number of Canadian Banking clients                   Ranking in market share for all key        Employees
                                                          retail and business products


        Revenue by business lines                         We operate through two businesses – Canadian Banking and Caribbean & U.S.
                                                          Banking. Canadian Banking serves our home market in Canada. We have the
                                                          largest branch network, the most ATMs, one of the largest mobile sales forces
                                                          across Canada along with market-leading digital capabilities. In Caribbean &
                                                          U.S. Banking, we offer a broad range of financial products and services in
                                                          targeted markets.
              $20.1 billion
                  Total revenue                           In Canada, we compete with other Schedule 1 banks, independent trust
                                                          companies, foreign banks, credit unions, caisses populaires, auto financing
                                                          companies, as well as emerging entrants to the financial services industry.
                                                          In the Caribbean, our competition includes banks, trust companies and
                                                          investment management companies serving retail and corporate clients, as well
            70% Personal Banking                          as public institutions. In the U.S., we compete primarily with other Canadian
            26% Business Banking                          banking institutions that have U.S. operations.
             4% Caribbean and U.S. Banking




2022 Operating environment
› In the early part of the fiscal year, the operating environment continued to be impacted by COVID-19 related restrictions;
  however, it was buffered in part by low unemployment levels, sustained GDP growth and government support. As restrictions
  eased during the year, client activity improved, driving solid revenue growth in fiscal 2022.
› In response to rising inflation, the BoC raised the benchmark interest rate by 350 basis points from March 2022 to October 2022.
  As a result of the rising interest rate environment, we saw NIM expansion in fiscal 2022, reversing the decline in the prior year.
  The combination of strong volumes and higher NIM translated to significant growth in net interest income.
› While the credit environment in fiscal 2022 reflected a recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, it also reflected unfavourable
  changes in our economic outlook towards the latter half of the year, including the impact of slowing economic growth as well
  as rising inflation and interest rates. PCL on impaired loans remained well below pre-pandemic levels.
› As a result of the rising rate environment, housing activity has slowed and household debt servicing costs increased. In the
  latter half of the year, we saw mortgage originations below prior year levels.
› Personal and business deposits continued to see significant growth in the first half of the year as COVID-19 related disruptions
  persisted; however, as a result of the economy re-opening and robust client activity, as well as the impact from Bank of
  Canada’s monetary policy, deposit growth decelerated in the latter half of the fiscal year but remained well above pre-
  pandemic levels.
› In fiscal 2022, we saw unfavourable market conditions driving mutual fund balances lower from both market depreciation and
  net redemptions. We also saw a decline in client activity in our Direct Investing business from elevated levels in the previous
  year.
› Client preferences for digital offerings are evolving and we continue to invest in digital solutions to improve the client
  experience and deliver personalized advice.
› Our Caribbean Banking business was favourably impacted by the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, reflecting higher client
  activity. We also saw releases of provisions on performing and impaired loans.
› In the U.S., earnings were favourably impacted by the rising interest rate environment and the increase in cross-border travel,
  as most restrictions related to COVID-19 were lifted.




32      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Strategic priorities
 OUR STRATEGY                  PROGRESS IN 2022                                              PRIORITIES IN 2023
 Transform sales, advice and   Evolved our branch network by opening new format              Provide flexibility by continuing to deliver anytime,
 services                      branches and investing in upgrading existing                  anywhere solutions to our clients across all channels,
                               locations with the objective of enhancing the client          seamlessly integrating mobile and digital services into
                               experience, allowing clients to engage in deeper              our clients’ lives
                               conversations with our advisors and enabling them to
                                                                                             Continue to reimagine our branch network to meet the
                               complete more transactions digitally
                                                                                             evolving needs of our clients
                               Continued to create capacity and capability to focus on
                                                                                             Expand our expert advisor network to support clients
                               advice, complex servicing and sales, all underpinned by
                                                                                             with complex advice needs
                               innovation across our distribution network
                                                                                             Continue to focus on opportunities to support
                               Leveraged our industry-leading Canadian mobile app to
                                                                                             businesses and retail clients in their transition to net
                               revolutionize the mobile client experience through
                                                                                             zero, including building upon our existing portfolio of
                               personalization and value-added client insights
                                                                                             products, services and advice
                               Continued to tailor advice and insights to the individual
                                                                                             Continue to utilize and transform our joint venture
                               to help clients manage their finances through the NOMI
                                                                                             Moneris to deliver a leading merchant platform
                               suite of capabilities, including NOMI Insights®, NOMI
                               Find & Save® that uses predictive technology to help
                               clients save, and NOMI® Forecast that provides a
                               seven-day forecast of clients’ future cash flow
                               In May 2022, Retail Banker International awarded RBC
                               with the Best Global Retail Bank and Best Bank for
                               Small & Medium-Sized enterprises (SMEs) awards,
                               recognizing the Bank’s success in respect of its retail
                               banking profits, world-class cost-income ratio,
                               continued market share gains and exceptional client
                               base
                               In October 2022, J.D. Power Canada ranked RBC the
                               highest in Customer Satisfaction among Big 5 Banks for
                               the third consecutive year from the J.D. Power 2022
                               Canada Retail Banking Satisfaction Study
                               In November 2021, RBC was awarded the Best Payments
                               Innovation Award from The Digital Banker as part of the
                               Global Retail Banking Innovation Awards 2021
                               Leveraged our existing product portfolio to support our
                               clients’ transition to net zero, including lending such as
                               electric and hybrid vehicles and energy retrofit loans,
                               and ESG investment products including market-linked
                               ESG GIC, InvestEase® responsible investing portfolio
                               and RBC Vision funds
                               Continued to grow our national cleantech practice
                               through RBCx and worked with a number of cleantech
                               ecosystem partners to identify and overcome the
                               hurdles to commercialization of cleantech solutions

 Accelerate our growth         Ownr® has launched more than 32,800 new Canadian              Continue to build a suite of best-in-class value
                               businesses, driving close to 21,600 small business RBC        propositions, digital experiences and Beyond Banking
                               bank accounts this year                                       ventures to accelerate client acquisition
                               Since the launch of the full product offering in August       Engage Canadians earlier, more often and in more
                               2021, Mydoh has reached 100,000 Canadian parents and          compelling ways
                               children and is experiencing very high engagement
                                                                                             Focus on engaging key high-growth client segments and
                               Continued to provide superior working capital solutions       enabling our advisors to build new and deeper
                               to our business clients through RBC PayEdgeTM                 relationships with the objective of achieving industry-
                               platform                                                      leading volume growth
                               Lead with RBC VantageTM, a program that allows clients        Establish additional key partnerships to continue to
                               to unlock rewards, savings, insights and more with any        add value for our clients
                               eligible bank account. Approximately 2 million clients
                                                                                             Enable unparalleled value for both consumers and
                               signed up for RBC Vantage since launch and we’ve
                                                                                             merchants through best-in-class loyalty program
                               delivered millions in fee rebates and over 1 billion RBC
                               Avion® points                                                 Focus on increasing employee engagement and
                                                                                             continue to build a future-ready workforce
                               Launched Vantage SnapshotTM that provides clients
                               with a personalized picture of the cumulative savings
                               and benefits they’ve received with their RBC bank
                               accounts and highlights opportunities for clients to
                               earn and save more – all in one spot
                               Launched our next-generation loyalty program, Avion
                               RewardsTM, that provides Canadians with more ways to
                               shop, earn, save and redeem with innovative shopping
                               features, best-in-class cash back deals and offers, and
                               more ways to pay with points
                               Maintained our focus on key high-growth and high-
                               value segments such as retirees, youth, newcomers,
                               business owners, high net worth clients, and healthcare
                               professionals
                               Entered into a collaboration agreement with ICICI Bank
                               Canada to focus on building banking solutions that
                               simplify the financial transition for newcomers from the
                               time they choose Canada to their arrival and beyond




                                                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     33
 OUR STRATEGY                             PROGRESS IN 2022                                           PRIORITIES IN 2023
 Digitize to unlock productivity          Achieved 11% year over year growth in number of            Deliver more personalized insights to improve the
                                          mobile users                                               client experience while continuing to simplify and
                                                                                                     digitize everyday banking
                                          Recognized with the J.D. Power Canada award for “Best
                                          in Customer Satisfaction” for our mobile banking app.      Lead in mobile capabilities and enable fulfillment of
                                          The recognition comes from the J.D. Power 2022             servicing through digital channels with access to
                                          Canadian Banking Mobile App Satisfaction Study             advisors to help clients on their chosen path
                                          Continued to invest in solutions that simplify, digitize   Invest in new tools and capabilities and proactively
                                          and automate experiences for clients and employees,        seek ways to streamline internal processes and the
                                          and enable employees to deliver relevant and expert        client experience
                                          advice, such as our market-leading MyAdvisor®
                                                                                                     Accelerate adoption of business agility and deliver
                                          personalized planning capability
                                                                                                     faster, smarter and higher quality products and
                                          Enhanced digital experience for our small business and     solutions
                                          commercial clients and made it easier for them to
                                          transact with us
                                          Entered into agreements with Plaid and Envestnet |
                                          Yodlee that allow RBC clients to better manage their
                                          finances and build wealth by securely connecting to
                                          and sharing their RBC financial information with
                                          thousands of third-party applications

 In the Caribbean                         Accelerated actions focused on enhancing the client        Continue focus on modernizing data and technology;
                                          experience underpinned by programs across growth           enhancing the client experience by digitizing and
                                          and transformation priorities, including product           simplifying day to day banking; and developing and
                                          development and digitization                               accelerating key programs to enable employees for
                                                                                                     success and accelerate growth

 In the U.S.                              Despite lingering impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic,        Continue driving accelerated growth momentum
                                          continued to drive accelerated client and real estate      through deeper integration to increase market share of
                                          financing growth leveraging a competitively                Canadian purchasers of U.S. real estate and new-to-
                                          differentiated value proposition and home-buying           RBC relationship acquisition
                                          solution
                                                                                                     Expand digitally enabled client experiences to extend
                                          Made focused investments to digitize client and            competitive differentiation and drive industry leading
                                          internal processes within real estate financing,           client satisfaction, while accelerating automation of
                                          improving process robustness and control automation,       operational processes and controls to enhance
                                          and expanding targeted discounts and offers of value to    scalability
                                          the cross-border lifestyle


Outlook
Interest rate hikes by central banks to contain surging inflation are adding to global growth risk in the year ahead. Housing markets in Canada
have already pulled back significantly since spring in response to increases in interest rates. Labour market conditions are extremely tight with
demand for workers well outpacing available supply, leading to shortages across regions and sectors. However, as the economic backdrop
deteriorates we expect job openings will fall and unemployment rates will rise. We expect moderate recessions in the U.S. and Canada in the
first half of calendar 2023 with consumer spending contracting as higher borrowing costs and prices reduce household purchasing power. We
expect the economy will begin to grow again in the second half of calendar 2023 with slowing inflation allowing central banks to pause interest
rate hikes in the coming months. We will continue to pursue industry-leading outcomes and operational efficiency initiatives during uncertain
times, and channel transformation to achieve our vision of being a digitally-enabled relationship bank.

The Caribbean’s economic recovery has continued to strengthen in calendar 2022, supported by strong tourism-related travel. However,
a slowing of the growth momentum is expected in 2023 as major source markets (U.S., U.K., Canada, Europe) are projected to fall into
recessions. We will continue to focus on growth strategies in our target markets, improving operational efficiency, and adding value for
our clients.

For further details on our general economic review and outlook, refer to the Economic, market and regulatory review and outlook section.




34    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Personal & Commercial Banking                                                                                                                                               Table 17

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts and as otherwise noted)                                                                                 2022                   2021
  Net interest income                                                                                                                                $       14,019 $                12,621
  Non-interest income                                                                                                                                         6,124                   5,725
Total revenue                                                                                                                                                20,143                  18,346
  PCL on performing assets                                                                                                                                     (283)                   (909)
  PCL on impaired assets                                                                                                                                        746                     722
PCL                                                                                                                                                             463                    (187)
  Non-interest expense                                                                                                                                        8,437                   7,978
Income before income taxes                                                                                                                                   11,243                  10,555
Net income                                                                                                                                           $        8,370 $                 7,847
Revenue by business
  Canadian Banking                                                                                                                                   $       19,282 $                17,570
    Personal Banking                                                                                                                                         13,957                  13,337
    Business Banking                                                                                                                                          5,325                   4,233
  Caribbean & U.S. Banking                                                                                                                                      861                     776
Key ratios
 ROE                                                                                                                                                          30.9%                  32.0%
 NIM                                                                                                                                                          2.55%                  2.51%
 Efficiency ratio                                                                                                                                             41.9%                  43.5%
 Operating leverage (1)                                                                                                                                        4.0%                   3.1%
Selected balance sheet information
  Average total assets                                                                                                                               $     575,900 $               527,100
  Average total earning assets, net                                                                                                                        548,900                 502,000
  Average loans and acceptances, net                                                                                                                       553,300                 505,600
  Average deposits                                                                                                                                         552,100                 504,300
Other information
  AUA (2), (3)                                                                                                                                       $     336,400 $               367,700
  Average AUA                                                                                                                                              355,600                 340,800
  AUM (3)                                                                                                                                                    5,600                   5,400
  Number of employees (FTE)                                                                                                                                 38,450                  36,675
Credit information
  PCL on impaired loans as a % of average net loans and acceptances                                                                                           0.14%                  0.14%
Other selected information – Canadian Banking
  Net income                                                                                                                                         $        8,024 $                 7,620
  NIM                                                                                                                                                         2.54%                  2.50%
  Efficiency ratio                                                                                                                                            40.5%                  42.0%
  Operating leverage                                                                                                                                           3.8%                   2.9%
(1)     See Glossary for composition of this measure.
(2)     AUA includes securitized residential mortgages and credit card loans as at October 31, 2022 of $15 billion and $6 billion, respectively (October 31, 2021 – $15 billion and $3 billion).
(3)     Represents year-end spot balances.


Financial performance
2022 vs. 2021
Net income increased $523 million or 7% from last year, primarily attributable to higher net interest income, driven by average
volume growth of 9% in Canadian Banking and higher spreads. Higher non-interest income also contributed to the increase.
These factors were partially offset by higher PCL, higher staff and technology related costs, including digital initiatives.
     Total revenue increased $1,797 million or 10%, primarily due to higher net interest income reflecting average volume growth
in Canadian Banking of 9% in loans and 9% in deposits. Increased client activity contributed to higher foreign exchange revenue,
card service revenue and service charges.
     NIM increased 4 bps, primarily due to the impact of the rising interest rate environment, partially offset by changes in
product mix and lower prepayment revenue in our mortgage portfolios.
     PCL was $463 million compared to $(187) million last year. The increase in PCL was primarily attributable to lower releases of
provisions on performing loans due to unfavourable changes in our macroeconomic outlook in the current year.
     Non-interest expense increased $459 million or 6%, mainly attributable to higher staff and technology related costs,
including digital initiatives, as well as higher marketing costs.
     Average loans and acceptances increased $48 billion or 9%, mainly driven by growth in residential mortgages and business loans.
     Average deposits increased $48 billion or 9%, reflecting growth in business deposits and personal deposits including
Guaranteed Investment Certificates (GICs).

      Business line review

In Canada, we operate through two business lines: Personal Banking and Business Banking.




                                                                                           Management’s Discussion and Analysis            Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022          35
      Personal Banking

Personal Banking offers a full range of products focused on meeting the needs of our individual Canadian clients at every stage
of their lives through a wide range of financing and investment products and services. This includes home equity financing,
personal lending, chequing and savings accounts, private banking, indirect lending (including auto financing), mutual funds and
self-directed brokerage accounts, GICs, credit cards, and payment products and solutions.
     We rank #1 or #2 in market share for all key Personal Banking products in Canada supported by the largest retail banking
network in Canada, with 1,162 branches and 4,028 ATMs.

Financial performance
Total revenue increased $620 million or 5% compared to last year, primarily due to higher net interest income reflecting average
volume growth of 9% and higher interest rates, partially offset by the impact of competitive pricing in our mortgage portfolios.
Increased client activity also contributed to higher card service revenue, foreign exchange revenue and service charges. These
factors were partially offset by lower securities brokerage commissions.
     Average residential mortgages increased 11% compared to last year, mainly due to solid, but moderating, housing activity
and mortgage originations.
     Average deposits increased 9% from last year, largely reflecting acquisition of new clients and an increase in activity from
existing clients.

                                                                                            Average residential mortgages, loans and deposits
      Selected highlights                                                Table 18           (Millions of Canadian dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except number of)                 2022           2021
Total revenue                                              $ 13,957         $ 13,337        350,000
Other information                                                                           300,000
  Average residential mortgages                              338,400         305,400        250,000
  Average other loans and acceptances, net                    75,700          74,800        200,000
  Average deposits                                           293,500         270,500
                                                                                                150,000
  Average credit card balances                                18,200          16,600
  Credit card purchase volumes                               162,200         132,400        100,000
  Branch mutual fund balances (1)                            178,600         205,500            50,000
  Average branch mutual fund balances                        194,400         191,300                 0
                                                                                                                          2022             2021
  AUA – Self-directed brokerage (1)                          127,600         135,900
Number as at October 31:                                                                                  Residential mortgages   Other loans and     Deposits
  Branches                                                      1,162          1,182                                              acceptances, net
  ATMs                                                          4,028          4,032
(1)     Represents year-end spot balances.


      Business Banking

Business Banking offers a wide range of lending, leasing, deposit, investment, foreign exchange, cash management, auto dealer
financing, trade products, and services to small and medium-sized commercial businesses across Canada. With one of the
largest teams of relationship managers and specialists in the industry, our commitment to client experience and trusted advice
has earned us leading market share in business lending and deposits.

Financial performance
Total revenue increased $1,092 million or 26% compared to last year, primarily due to higher net interest income reflecting higher
interest rates and average volume growth of 11%. Higher credit fees, service charges and foreign exchange revenue reflecting
increased client activity also contributed to the increase.
     Average loans and acceptances increased 11% and average deposits increased 11%, mainly due to new account acquisitions
as well as deepening of our existing client relationships.

                                                                                                Average loans and acceptances and deposits
      Selected highlights                                                Table 19               (Millions of Canadian dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                2022              2021
Total revenue                                        $       5,325      $     4,233         250,000
                                                                                            225,000
Other information (average)                                                                 200,000
  Loans and acceptances, net                             110,800             99,800          175,000
  Deposits                                               237,900            215,200         150,000
                                                                                             125,000
                                                                                            100,000
                                                                                              75,000
                                                                                              50,000
                                                                                              25,000
                                                                                                   0
                                                                                                                          2022             2021

                                                                                                                   Loans and acceptances, net     Deposits


      Caribbean & U.S. Banking

Our Caribbean Banking business offers a comprehensive suite of banking products and services, as well as international
financing and trade promotion services through extensive branch, ATM, online, and mobile banking networks.
     Our U.S. Banking business serves the needs of Canadian retail and small business clients providing personalized,
digitally-enabled cross-border banking solutions enabling a cross-border lifestyle in all 50 states across the U.S.
36        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Financial performance
Total revenue increased $85 million or 11% from last year, primarily due to higher net interest income reflecting average volume
growth of 12% and higher spreads. Higher card service revenue reflecting increased client activity also contributed to the
increase.
    Average loans and acceptances increased 12% and average deposits increased 11% primarily due to increased client activity
and the impact of foreign exchange translation.

      Selected highlights                             Table 20              Average loans and deposits (Millions of Canadian dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars,
except number of and percentage amounts)  2022               2021          22,500
Total revenue                        $     861       $       776           20,000
Other information                                                          17,500
                                                                           15,000
  NIM                                   2.90%            2.85%             12,500
  Average loans and acceptances, net   10,200             9,100            10,000
  Average deposits                     20,800            18,700             7,500
  AUA (1)                               6,500             5,700             5,000
  Average AUA                           6,300             5,700             2,500
  AUM (1)                               5,300             5,100                 0
                                                                                                     2022                 2021
Number as at October 31:
  Branches                                  38                 38                            Loans and acceptances, net          Deposits
  ATMs                                     269                271
(1)     Represents year-end spot balances.


      Wealth Management

Wealth Management is a global business serving clients in key financial centres. We serve HNW and UHNW individual and
institutional clients with a comprehensive suite of advice-based solutions and strategies to help them achieve their financial goals.


  $14.8 billion                                > 6,100                                                   > $55 billion
  Total revenue                                Client-facing advisors                                    AUA net flows


         Asset under Administration           Assets under Management                  Our lines of business include Canadian Wealth
         (AUA)                                (AUM)                                    Management, U.S. Wealth Management (including
                                                                                       City National), Global Asset Management (GAM),
                                                                                       and International Wealth Management.
                                                                                       • Canadian Wealth Management is the largest
                                                                                         full-service wealth advisory business in
                 $1,388 billion                     $992 billion                         Canada, as measured by AUA, serving HNW and
                       Total AUA                          Total AUM                      UHNW clients
                                                                                       • U.S. Wealth Management (including City
                                                                                         National) also encompasses our private client
                                                                                         group (PCG) and clearing and custody (C&C)
                                                                                         businesses. PCG is the 6th largest full-service
               94% Personal                       49% Personal
                                                                                         wealth advisory firm in the U.S., as measured by
                5% Institutional                  26% Mutual Funds
                                                                                         AUA, and City National is a premier U.S. private
                 1% Mutual Funds                  25% Institutional
                                                                                         and commercial bank serving HNW, UHNW and
                                                                                         commercial clients
                                                                                       • GAM is the largest retail mutual fund company
                                                                                         in Canada as measured by AUM, as well as a
                                                                                         leading institutional asset manager
                                                                                       • International Wealth Management serves HNW
                                                                                         and UHNW clients, primarily through key
                                                                                         financial centres in the U.K., Ireland, the
                                                                                         Channel Islands and Asia


2022 Operating environment
› Earnings in the current fiscal year were favourably impacted by the rising interest rate environment reflecting rate hikes by the
  Fed, BoC and other central banks, while challenging market conditions unfavourably impacted our fee-based client assets.
› Our core businesses performed well with continued volume growth in City National and net positive flows of fee-based client
  assets in our wealth advisory businesses reflecting the strength of our business driven by the quality of our advice, the breadth
  of our investment and holistic wealth planning solutions and clients’ trust in our brand. The mutual fund sector has seen a
  slowdown in sales due to the rising interest rate environment and market volatility.
› We continued to invest in our people and technology to maintain our competitive advantage and increase efficiencies in an
  environment characterized by market volatility, rapidly changing client preferences and increasing regulatory requirements.
› While the credit environment in fiscal 2022 reflected a recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, it also reflected unfavourable
  changes in our economic outlook towards the latter half of the year, including the impact of slowing economic growth as well
  as rising inflation and interest rates.
                                                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   37
Strategic priorities
 OUR STRATEGY                              PROGRESS IN 2022                                               PRIORITIES IN 2023

 In Canada, be the premier service         Further extended our position as industry leader in our        Continue to retain and attract top-performing advisors to
 provider for HNW and UHNW clients         full-service private wealth business                           strengthen our talent advantage
                                           Continued to focus on holistic wealth planning, including      Deliver a differentiated client experience through enriched
                                           advisor training on intergenerational and business wealth      advisor-client interactions and seamless digital experiences
                                           transfer                                                       Deepen client relationships by leveraging the combined
                                           Continued to expand RBC® Premier Banking to deepen             strengths across other business segments with a focus on the
                                           banking relationships with Wealth Management clients           business owner client segment
                                           Continued to enhance our digital and data capabilities to      Continue to invest in digital solutions to streamline and
                                           drive increased client satisfaction and advisor productivity   simplify the business and improve efficiency and advisor
                                                                                                          productivity
                                           Implemented unique capabilities that are becoming
                                           increasingly important to our client base such as private      Renew legacy infrastructure to ensure ongoing resiliency in
                                           alternative investment products                                our technology platforms

 In the U.S., become the leading           Continued to invest in key areas needed to grow our            Continue to deliver an exceptional client experience for
 private and commercial bank and           U.S. Wealth Management business, including                     targeted HNW, UHNW, middle market, and business
 wealth manager in our key markets         substantial financial advisor recruitment, solid               banking segments
                                           execution on our technology transformation and                 Leverage the combined strengths within U.S. Wealth
                                           provided proactive liquidity to our clients via a              Management (including City National) and Capital
                                           revamped securities-based lending platform                     Markets to deepen client relationships
                                           In City National, we continued to focus on organically         In City National, we will continue to focus on enhancing
                                           growing our core-banking business and enhancing our            our risk management and compliance capabilities
                                           risk management and controls foundation                        across the three lines of defense
                                           As part of the Preferred Banking mortgage-led strategy,        Serve our clients more effectively through a
                                           City National launched a pilot mortgage pod program            technology-driven platform, for example, transforming
                                           designed to attract new clients with a mortgage-led            our end-to-end commercial credit journey leveraging a
                                           strategy                                                       new commercial lending platform, strengthening the
                                           The National Corporate Banking division, which was             mortgage platform by modernizing technology and
                                           launched in 2021 to pursue the mid-Corp segment                enhancing our client-facing digital capabilities
                                           (companies with annual revenue from $500 million to            Drive programs to enhance profitability and scalability
                                           $2 billion), gained market share in 2022                       across the organization

 In select global financial centres,       Continued to deliver on successful growth initiatives,         Focus on growing market share in target markets
 become the most trusted regional          bringing the full strength and breadth of RBC to our           Continue to leverage our global strengths to better
 private bank                              clients                                                        serve clients
                                           Focused on delivering a differentiated client experience       Continue to deliver an exceptional client experience
                                           by leveraging our global capabilities                          and increase business effectiveness and talent
                                           Completed acquisition of Brewin Dolphin, increasing            capabilities
                                           our distribution, AUM and client base to position              Successful integration of RBC Brewin Dolphin to
                                           ourselves as the third largest wealth manager in the           enhance client value proposition and consolidate
                                           U.K.                                                           position in the U.K. local market
                                           In Asia, continued growth momentum achieved through            Focus on growing the business in Asia by attracting
                                           the addition of experienced client-facing advisors and         experienced advisors; enhancing digital and product
                                           net new assets                                                 capabilities; and deepening cross-business, global
                                                                                                          collaboration

 In asset management, be a leading,        Maintained #1 market share in Canadian mutual fund             Continue to expand our investment capabilities to meet
 diversified asset manager focused on      AUM                                                            evolving client needs in our target distribution regions
 global institutional and North            RBC® iShares strategic alliance maintained #1 market           Continue shift to a more unified asset management
 American retail clients                   share in Canadian ETFs                                         operating model to take better advantage of enterprise
                                           RBC GAM investment teams continued to integrate                and GAM global scale, resources and infrastructure
                                           material ESG factors into their investment processes
                                           for applicable investment strategies


Outlook
The ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, including the expectation of further interest rate increases and a
slowdown in economic growth, will continue to impact markets.
     Despite this uncertainty, we believe our diversified businesses remain well-positioned to continue growing our leading
position in Canada and increasing our market share in the HNW and UHNW client segments globally, leveraging the strength of
our brand, reputation and solid financial position. Our strategy remains unchanged as we continue to focus on delivering an
unmatched client experience through holistic goals-based advice, attracting and retaining top-performing advisors, and
collaborating across the enterprise to bring the full breadth of our capabilities to our clients. We will continue to invest in our
people and technology to improve client and advisor experiences, drive operational efficiencies, and further strengthen our risk,
compliance and controls infrastructure to meet heightened regulatory requirements.

For further details on our general economic review and outlook, refer to the Economic, market and regulatory review and outlook
section.




38     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Wealth Management                                                                                                                                       Table 21

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except number of, percentage amounts and as otherwise noted)                                                2022                       2021
  Net interest income                                                                                                        $           3,634       $           2,689
  Non-interest income                                                                                                                   11,215                  10,607
Total revenue                                                                                                                           14,849                  13,296
  PCL on performing assets                                                                                                                  21                     (33)
  PCL on impaired assets                                                                                                                    13                     (14)
PCL                                                                                                                                         34                     (47)
  Non-interest expense                                                                                                                  10,701                   9,929
Income before income taxes                                                                                                               4,114                   3,414
Net income                                                                                                                   $           3,144       $           2,626
Revenue by business
  Canadian Wealth Management                                                                                                 $            4,308      $            3,908
  U.S. Wealth Management (including City National)                                                                                        7,448                   6,320
    U.S. Wealth Management (including City National) (US$ millions)                                                                       5,757                   5,035
  Global Asset Management                                                                                                                 2,667                   2,726
  International Wealth Management                                                                                                           426                     342
Key ratios
 ROE                                                                                                                                     16.5%                   15.9%
 NIM                                                                                                                                     2.57%                   2.25%
 Pre-tax margin (1)                                                                                                                      27.7%                   25.7%
Selected balance sheet information
  Average total assets                                                                                                       $        158,100        $        136,000
  Average total earning assets, net                                                                                                   141,200                 119,500
  Average loans and acceptances, net                                                                                                   99,800                  84,000
  Average deposits                                                                                                                    158,800                 143,000
Other information
  AUA (2), (3)                                                                                                               $     1,387,900         $      1,322,300
  AUM (2)                                                                                                                            991,500                1,000,600
  Average AUA                                                                                                                      1,318,100                1,242,400
  Average AUM                                                                                                                        966,300                  937,200
  PCL on impaired loans as a % of average net loans and acceptances                                                                    0.01%                  (0.02)%
  Number of employees (FTE)                                                                                                           22,782                   19,486
  Number of advisors (4)                                                                                                               6,158                    5,548

Estimated impact of U.S. dollar, British pound and Euro translation on key income statement items
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                                                     2022 vs. 2021
Increase (decrease):
  Total revenue                                                                                                              $              158
  PCL                                                                                                                                         5
  Non-interest expense                                                                                                                      129
  Net income                                                                                                                                 17
Percentage change in average U.S. dollar equivalent of C$1.00                                                                              (3)%
Percentage change in average British pound equivalent of C$1.00                                                                              7%
Percentage change in average Euro equivalent of C$1.00                                                                                       9%
(1)     Pre-tax margin is defined as Income before income taxes divided by Total revenue.
(2)     Represents year-end spot balances.
(3)     In addition to Canadian Wealth Management, U.S. Wealth Management (including City National), and International Wealth Management, AUA includes $6,400 million
        (2021 – $7,100 million) related to GAM.
(4)     Represents client-facing advisors across all our Wealth Management businesses.


      Client assets – AUA                                                                                                                                     Table 22

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                             2022                       2021
AUA, beginning balance                                                                                                       $     1,322,300 $              1,100,000
  Asset inflows                                                                                                                      380,600                  352,800
  Asset outflows                                                                                                                    (325,100)                (299,200)
Total net flows                                                                                                                        55,500                  53,600
  Market impact                                                                                                                      (153,000)                235,900
  Acquisitions/dispositions                                                                                                            79,800                 (12,100)
  Foreign exchange                                                                                                                     83,300                 (55,100)
Total market, acquisition/dispositions and foreign exchange impact                                                                      10,100                168,700
AUA, balance at end of year                                                                                                  $     1,387,900         $      1,322,300




                                                                                 Management’s Discussion and Analysis      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      39
      Client assets – AUM                                                                                                                     Table 23

                                                                                                  2022                                           2021
                                                                 Money                 Fixed                Multi-asset
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                   market              income       Equity     and other           Total           Total
AUM, beginning balance                                      $     43,400       $ 233,300 $ 137,200          $ 586,700 $ 1,000,600 $           836,400
  Institutional inflows                                          100,000          42,900    16,100             16,600     175,600              97,900
  Institutional outflows                                        (107,300)        (48,900)  (10,600)           (13,200)   (180,000)            (73,600)
  Personal flows, net                                               (700)         (2,900)    1,900             22,700      21,000              51,000
Total net flows                                                   (8,000)            (8,900)       7,400        26,100          16,600         75,300
  Market impact                                                      200            (27,200)     (18,100)      (71,600)       (116,700)       123,200
  Acquisition/dispositions                                             –                  –            –        58,500          58,500         (4,500)
  Foreign exchange                                                 2,200             (1,600)       2,900        29,000          32,500        (29,800)
Total market, acquisition/dispositions
  and foreign exchange impact                                      2,400            (28,800)     (15,200)       15,900         (25,700)        88,900
AUM, balance at end of year                                 $    37,800        $ 195,600       $ 129,400    $ 628,700 $       991,500     $ 1,000,600


      AUA by geographic mix and asset class                                                                                                   Table 24

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                   2022            2021
Canada (1)
  Money market                                                                                                            $    26,200     $    24,700
  Fixed income                                                                                                                 30,500          29,200
  Equity                                                                                                                       81,800          91,300
  Multi-asset and other                                                                                                       369,500         377,400
Total Canada                                                                                                                  508,000         522,600

U.S. (1)
  Money market                                                                                                                 40,700          49,500
  Fixed income                                                                                                                116,000          90,300
  Equity                                                                                                                      246,300         256,000
  Multi-asset and other                                                                                                       297,100         308,400
Total U.S.                                                                                                                    700,100         704,200

Other International (1)
  Money market                                                                                                                 16,600          15,300
  Fixed income                                                                                                                  8,900           8,100
  Equity                                                                                                                       47,000          37,700
  Multi-asset and other                                                                                                       107,300          34,400
Total International                                                                                                           179,800          95,500
Total AUA                                                                                                                 $ 1,387,900     $ 1,322,300
(1)     Geographic information is based on the location from where our clients are served.


Financial performance
2022 vs. 2021
Net income increased $518 million or 20% from last year, mainly due to higher net interest income reflecting higher average
volume growth and interest rates as well as higher average fee-based client assets. The impact of a legal provision taken in U.S.
Wealth Management (including City National) in the prior year that was partially released in the first quarter of 2022 also
contributed to the increase. These factors were partially offset by higher staff-related costs and variable compensation.
     Total revenue increased $1,553 million or 12%, largely due to higher net interest income driven by average volume growth of
19% in loans and 11% in deposits and higher interest rates. Higher average fee-based client assets, primarily reflecting net sales,
and the impact of foreign exchange translation also contributed to the increase.
     PCL was $34 million compared to $(47) million last year, primarily in U.S. Wealth Management (including City National),
mainly attributable to releases of provisions on performing loans in the prior year reflecting the recovery from the COVID-19
pandemic, as compared to provisions taken in the current year, largely driven by unfavourable changes in our macroeconomic
outlook. Provisions taken on impaired loans in the current year, as compared to recoveries in the prior year, also contributed to
the increase, resulting in a 3 bps increase in the PCL on impaired loans ratio.
     Non-interest expense increased $772 million or 8%, mainly due to higher staff and technology related costs. Higher variable
compensation commensurate with increased results, the impact of foreign exchange translation as well as the Brewin Dolphin
acquisition and related costs also contributed to the increase. Partly offsetting these factors was the impact of a legal provision
taken in U.S. Wealth Management (including City National) in the prior year that was partially released in the first quarter of
2022.
     AUA increased $66 billion or 5%, mainly due to the impact of foreign exchange translation, the inclusion of our acquisition of
Brewin Dolphin, and net sales. These factors were partially offset by unfavourable market conditions.
     AUM decreased $9 billion or 1%, primarily due to unfavourable market conditions, partially offset by the inclusion of our
acquisition of Brewin Dolphin, the impact of foreign exchange translation and net sales.



40        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Business line review

      Canadian Wealth Management

Canadian Wealth Management includes our full-service Canadian wealth advisory business, which is the largest in Canada as
measured by AUA, with over 1,950 investment advisors providing comprehensive financial solutions with a focus on HNW and
UHNW clients. Additionally, we provide discretionary investment management and estate and trust services to our clients
through over 100 investment counsellors and over 100 trust professionals across Canada.
    We compete with domestic banks and trust companies, investment counselling firms, bank-owned full-service brokerages
and boutique brokerages, mutual fund companies, and global private banks. In Canada, bank-owned wealth managers continue
to be the major players.

Financial performance
Revenue increased $400 million or 10% from last year, primarily due to higher average fee-based client assets, largely driven by
net sales, as well as higher net interest income from higher interest rates.

      Selected highlights                                      Table 25         Average AUA and AUM (Millions of Canadian dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                        2022         2021
Total revenue                                    $   4,308 $      3,908        600,000
Other information                                                              500,000
  Average loans and acceptances, net               5,600         4,600         400,000
  Average deposits                                28,600        26,200
                                                                               300,000
  AUA (1)                                        511,300       524,200
  AUM (1)                                        171,700       168,900         200,000
  Average AUA                                    519,600       486,100         100,000
  Average AUM                                    171,800       151,900               0
                                                                                                             2022                  2021
(1)     Represents year-end spot balances.
                                                                                                                    AUA        AUM


      U.S. Wealth Management (including City National)

U.S. Wealth Management (including City National) also encompasses PCG and our C&C businesses. PCG is the 7th largest
full-service wealth advisory firm in the U.S., as measured by number of advisors, with over 2,100 financial advisors. Our
C&C business delivers clearing and execution services for small to mid-sized independent broker-dealers and registered
investment advisor firms. City National provides comprehensive financial solutions to affluent individuals, entrepreneurs,
professionals, their businesses, and their families, and provides a premier banking and financial experience through a high-touch
service model, proactive advice and financial solutions. City National offers a broad range of lending, deposit, cash management,
equipment financing, wealth management, and other products and services. In the U.S., we operate in a fragmented and highly
competitive industry. Our competitors include other broker-dealers, commercial banks and other financial institutions that
service HNW and UHNW individuals, entrepreneurs and their businesses.

Financial performance
Revenue increased $1,128 million or 18% from last year. In U.S. dollars, revenue increased $722 million or 14%, primarily due to
higher net interest income driven by average volume growth of 14% in loans and 9% in deposits as well as higher interest rates,
which also drove higher revenue from sweep deposits. Higher average fee-based client assets, largely driven by net sales, also
contributed to the increase.
     NIM was up 21 bps, reflecting the impact of the rising interest rate environment as well as changes in average earning assets
mix.

      Selected highlights                                      Table 26         Average AUA and AUM (Millions of U.S. dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars,
except as otherwise noted)                            2022         2021        600,000
Total revenue                                $       7,448 $      6,320        500,000
Other information
                                                                               400,000
  (Millions of U.S. dollars)
  Total revenue                                    5,757         5,035         300,000
  NIM                                              2.38%        2.17%          200,000
  Average earning assets, net                     98,100        86,300
                                                                               100,000
  Average loans, guarantees and
    letters of credit, net                        68,800        60,200               0
                                                                                                             2022                  2021
  Average deposits                                90,600        83,000
  AUA (1)                                        513,700       568,800                                              AUA        AUM
  AUM (1)                                        159,200       182,100
  Average AUA                                    538,100       525,300
  Average AUM                                    168,100       165,600
(1)     Represents year-end spot balances.




                                                                      Management’s Discussion and Analysis          Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   41
      Global Asset Management

GAM provides global investment management services and solutions for individual and institutional investors in Canada, the
U.K., the U.S., Europe, and Asia. We provide a broad range of investment management services through mutual, pooled and
private funds, fee-based accounts, and separately managed portfolios. We distribute our investment solutions through a broad
network of bank branches, our self-directed and full-service wealth advisory businesses, independent third-party advisors and
private banks, and directly to individual clients. We also provide investment solutions directly to institutional clients, including
pension plans, insurance companies, corporations, and endowments and foundations.
     We are the largest retail fund company in Canada measured by AUM, as well as a leading institutional asset manager. We
face competition in Canada from banks, insurance companies and asset management organizations. The Canadian fund
management industry is large and mature, but remains a relatively fragmented industry.
     In the U.S., our asset management business offers investment management solutions and services, primarily to institutional
investors, and competes with independent asset management firms, as well as those that are part of national and international
banks and insurance companies.
     Internationally, through our global capabilities distributed under the brand RBC BlueBay Asset Management, we offer
investment management solutions for institutions and, through private banks including RBC Wealth Management®, to HNW and
UHNW investors. We face competition from asset managers that are owned by international banks, as well as national and
regional asset managers in the geographies where we serve clients.

Financial performance
Revenue decreased $59 million or 2% from last year, largely due to changes in the fair value of seed capital investments, the
impact of foreign exchange translation as well as lower performance fees. These factors were partially offset by higher fee-based
revenue driven by the impact of net sales.

      Selected highlights                                                   Table 27            Average AUM (Millions of Canadian dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars)          2022      2021
Total revenue                      $   2,667 $   2,726                                      600,000
Other information                                                                               500,000
  Canadian net long-term mutual
                                                                                            400,000
    fund sales (redemptions) (1)      (5,246)   21,830
  Canadian net money market mutual                                                              300,000
    fund sales (redemptions) (1)        (127)   (2,757)                                         200,000
  AUM (2)                            522,700   597,300
                                                                                                100,000
  Average AUM                        562,200   568,200
                                                                                                     0
(1)     As reported to the Investment Funds Institute of Canada. Includes all                                          2022          2021
        prospectus-based mutual funds across our Canadian GAM businesses.
(2)     Represents year-end spot balances.


      International Wealth Management

International Wealth Management includes operations in the U.K., Ireland, the Channel Islands and Asia. We provide customized
and integrated wealth management solutions to HNW, UHNW and corporate clients in key financial centres. Competitors to our
International Wealth Management business include global wealth managers, traditional private banks and domestic wealth
managers.

Financial performance
Revenue increased $84 million or 25% from last year, primarily due to higher net interest income reflecting higher interest rates.

      Selected highlights                                                   Table 28            Average AUA and AUM (Millions of Canadian dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                2022              2021
Total revenue                                        $         426      $        342            150,000
Other information
  Average loans, guarantees and                                                                 100,000
    letters of credit, net                                 5,000              4,600
  Average deposits                                        12,300             12,500
                                                                                                 50,000
  AUA (1), (2)                                           170,100             86,800
  AUM (1), (2)                                            80,100              8,900
  Average AUA                                             97,200             90,500                  0
                                                                                                                       2022                 2021
  Average AUM                                             15,400              9,300
                                                                                                                              AUA     AUM
(1)     Represents year-end spot balances.
(2)     AUA and AUM reflect the inclusion of $79,800 million and $72,400 million,
        respectively, related to our acquisition of Brewin Dolphin, which closed on
        September 27, 2022.




42        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Management’s Discussion and Analysis
  Insurance

RBC Insurance® offers a wide range of advice and solutions for individual and business clients, including life, health, wealth,
home, auto, travel, annuities, and reinsurance.


  $3.5 billion                                 > 4.9 million                                         2,731
  Total revenue                                Number of clients                                     Employees


        Premiums and Deposits                  RBC Insurance® is the largest Canadian bank-owned insurance organization on
                                               a total revenue basis and operates under two business lines: Canadian
                                               Insurance and International Insurance.
                                               In Canada, we offer life, health, travel, wealth accumulation solutions, and
                                               annuities to individuals and businesses. We also offer home and auto insurance
              $5.5 billion                     for individuals through a distribution agreement with Aviva Canada. Our
                Total premiums                 products and services are distributed through a wide variety of channels,
                 and deposits
                                               including advice centres, RBC Insurance® stores, mobile advisors, digital
                                               platforms, independent brokers and partners.
                                               Outside Canada, we operate globally in the reinsurance and retrocession
                                               markets offering life, disability and longevity reinsurance.
           45% Life and Health
           42% Annuity
           12% Segregated Fund Deposits
            1% Property and Casualty




2022 Operating environment
› In Canada, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to stimulate an increased interest in protection, positioning us well to deliver our
  market-leading products through our best-in-class network of advisors and partners. The industry continued to face a number
  of challenges and opportunities, including a rising interest rate environment, evolving regulatory requirements, a competitive
  landscape underscored by consolidation, continued digital disruption and changing client expectations. As a result, we evolved
  our robust risk frameworks, controls and risk culture to protect clients and meet the expectations of both federal and
  provincial regulators. We also accelerated investment in product innovation, digitization, and data to better meet client
  protection needs, enhance access and convenience, and deliver improved experiences. We prioritized investment in our
  people, positioning ourselves as an employer of choice.
› In the U.K., there was a sustained appetite for longevity risk transfer as companies continued to actively manage longevity risk.
  As a result, the longevity reinsurance market remained competitive in fiscal 2022.




                                                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   43
Strategic priorities
 OUR STRATEGY                                      PROGRESS IN 2022                                        PRIORITIES IN 2023
 Grow our Insurance business in Canada, and        Launched RBC Growth Insurance Plus™ product             Be an innovative, client-focused provider of a full
 internationally                                   for affluent Canadians looking to supplement life       suite of insurance solutions
                                                   insurance needs, or for corporations, to help meet
                                                   their corporate life insurance needs
                                                   Introduced a new critical illness insurance
                                                   product as an option for Group Benefits Solutions
                                                   clients, strengthening our offering in the
                                                   marketplace
                                                   Launched a Workplace Wellness Toolkit designed
                                                   to support businesses in assessing the wellbeing
                                                   needs of their employees and creating wellness
                                                   strategies tailored to the unique goals of their
                                                   organization
                                                   Continued to grow our longevity reinsurance and
                                                   group annuity businesses, driven by our
                                                   relationships within the U.K. and Canadian
                                                   markets, and our strong underwriting expertise

 Develop and sustain excellence in distribution    Launched RBC Insurance® Sales Technology                Sustain distribution excellence through channel
                                                   Support Centre (STSC) to support advisors and           growth and by supporting our agents and partners
                                                   their clients, resulting in faster and more efficient   with best-in-class tools, and unique value
                                                   support for key tools and technologies                  propositions
                                                   Launched Aviva Underwriting Chat, giving our
                                                   home and auto advisors the ability to chat directly
                                                   with Aviva’s Underwriters, improving the client
                                                   experience by bringing efficiency, and reducing
                                                   the time spent on hold while applications are
                                                   considered
                                                   Built the first interface between RBC Insurance®
                                                   and our external distribution partners, allowing
                                                   for more efficient new distribution channels and
                                                   partnerships for term life products

 Accelerate investments in product innovation,     Launched electronic delivery of select life and         Invest in product innovation, risk selection,
 digitization, and data                            health contracts, improving cycle times, and            underwriting, digital capabilities and other
                                                   increasing contract delivery for clients                solutions which streamline our processes in order
                                                   Introduced a new disability electronic application      to attract and retain clients
                                                   enabling online submissions of certain disability
                                                   products, simplifying the process, facilitating
                                                   quicker decisions on applications, and reducing
                                                   time to purchase
                                                   Added digital signature capabilities to electronic
                                                   applications for our simplified term life insurance
                                                   product, improving the advisor and client
                                                   experience

 Evolve our risk culture                           Added two socially responsible investing options        Evolve our robust risk frameworks, controls and
                                                   to our segregated fund offerings. The fund              risk culture to protect clients and meet the
                                                   investments exclude companies whose primary             expectations of both federal and provincial
                                                   business is alcohol, tobacco products, firearms,        regulators
                                                   cannabis, adult entertainment or gambling
                                                   As part of our continuous commitment to diversity
                                                   & inclusion, we enhanced the language of our
                                                   Group Life and Health booklets and contracts,
                                                   recognizing all gender identities

 Attract and retain top talent                     Remained an employer of choice enabling us to           Foster diversity, equity and inclusion, and focus
                                                   attract, retain and engage employees to serve our       on inspiring future readiness to attract, retain and
                                                   clients and deliver value to our shareholders           engage top talent


Outlook
The insurance industry is expected to continue experiencing change in fiscal 2023 driven by evolving client expectations,
accelerated digital disruption, and distribution innovation. Government and regulatory pressures are expected to continue into
the coming fiscal year. As consumers focus more attention on overall protection, we will continue to provide advice and
education, deliver our products and services, and create industry partnerships to assist our clients. We will maintain our strength
by investing in technology, product and service innovation, efficient distribution channels, and a strong risk culture. This will
enable our goal of being an innovative, client-focused provider of a full suite of insurance solutions, and will allow us to thrive in
a rapidly changing environment.

For further details on our general economic review and outlook, refer to the Economic, market and regulatory review and outlook
section.




44     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Insurance                                                                                                                                                     Table 29

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts and as otherwise noted)                                                                    2022                    2021
Non-interest income
  Net earned premiums                                                                                                                   $         4,653 $                4,840
  Investment Income, gains/(losses) on assets supporting insurance policyholder liabilities (1)                                                  (1,363)                   577
  Fee income                                                                                                                                        220                    183
Total revenue                                                                                                                                     3,510                  5,600
  PCL                                                                                                                                                 –                     (1)
  Insurance policyholder benefits and claims (1)                                                                                                  1,468                  3,547
  Insurance policyholder acquisition expense                                                                                                        315                    344
  Non-interest expense                                                                                                                              588                    596
Income before income taxes                                                                                                                        1,139                  1,114
Net income                                                                                                                              $           857 $                  889
Revenue by business
  Canadian Insurance                                                                                                                    $           653       $          2,917
  International Insurance                                                                                                                         2,857                  2,683
Key ratios
 ROE                                                                                                                                             36.4%                  37.4%
Selected balance sheet information
  Average total assets                                                                                                                  $       22,500        $        21,600
Other information
  Premiums and deposits (2)                                                                                                             $        5,498 $                5,721
    Canadian Insurance                                                                                                                           2,999                  3,162
    International Insurance                                                                                                                      2,499                  2,559
  Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities                                                                                               11,511                 12,816
  Fair value changes on investments backing policyholder liabilities (1)                                                                        (1,888)                   (13)
  Number of employees (FTE)                                                                                                                      2,731                  2,573
(1)     Includes unrealized gains and losses on investments backing policyholder liabilities attributable to fluctuation of assets designated as FVTPL. The investments which
        support actuarial liabilities are predominantly fixed income assets designated as FVTPL. Consequently, changes in the fair values of these assets are recorded in
        Insurance premiums, investment and fee income in the Consolidated Statements of Income and are largely offset by changes in the fair value of the actuarial liabilities,
        the impact of which is reflected in PBCAE.
(2)     Premiums and deposits include premiums on risk-based individual and group insurance and annuity products as well as segregated fund deposits, consistent with
        insurance industry practices.


Financial performance
2022 vs. 2021
Net income decreased $32 million or 4% from last year, largely due to the impact of lower new longevity reinsurance contracts,
partially offset by higher favourable investment-related experience.
     Total revenue decreased $2,090 million or 37%, mainly due to the change in fair value of investments backing policyholder
liabilities and lower group annuity sales, both of which are largely offset in PBCAE as indicated below. These factors were
partially offset by business growth in Canadian Insurance across the majority of our products.
     PBCAE decreased $2,108 million or 54%, mainly reflecting the change in fair value of investments backing policyholder
liabilities and lower group annuity sales, both of which are largely offset in revenue. Higher favourable investment-related
experience and favourable annual actuarial assumption updates in the current year largely related to economic assumptions
also contributed to the decrease. These factors were partially offset by the impact of lower new longevity reinsurance contracts,
as well as business growth in Canadian Insurance.
     Non-interest expense decreased $8 million or 1% mainly due to lower costs associated with ongoing efficiency initiatives and
lower legal costs. These factors were partially offset by increased costs in support of sales and client service activities.

      Business line review

      Canadian Insurance

We offer life, health, travel, wealth accumulation solutions, and annuities to individuals and businesses across Canada. We also
offer home and auto insurance for individuals, through a distribution agreement with Aviva Canada. Our life and health portfolio
includes participating whole life, universal life, term life, critical illness, disability, and group benefits, including long-term
disability, and health and dental insurance. Wealth solutions include a family of segregated funds as well as individual annuities.
Our travel products include out-of-province/country medical coverage, and trip cancellation and interruption insurance.
     Our group annuities business helps defined benefit pension plan sponsors better manage and control risk. RBC Insurance®
has a set of strategies and initiatives aimed at building our momentum and positioning us for growth in this product line, where
companies are increasingly looking to transfer the risks associated with their pension obligations to insurance companies –
either through group annuity contracts or longevity swap products.
     In Canada, many of our competitors specialize in either life or health or in property and casualty products. As a multi-line
carrier, we offer a broad suite of solutions, increasing convenience for our clients. Many of our solutions hold market leadership
positions, including our disability insurance and wealth products.




                                                                                     Management’s Discussion and Analysis        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022          45
Financial performance
Total revenue decreased $2,264 million or 78% from last year, primarily due to the change in fair value of investments backing
policyholder liabilities and lower group annuity sales. These factors were partially offset by business growth across the majority
of our products.
     Premiums and deposits decreased $163 million or 5%, mainly due to group annuity and individual life products.

     Selected highlights                                          Table 30                Premiums and deposits (Millions of Canadian dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                           2022           2021              4,000
Total revenue                                       $     653      $ 2,917
                                                                                          3,000
Other information
  Premiums and deposits                                                                   2,000
    Life and health                                     1,416         1,434
    Property and casualty                                  81            77               1,000
    Annuity                                               834           989
    Segregated fund deposits                              668           662                  0
  Fair value changes on investments                                                                            2022           2021

    backing policyholder liabilities                    (2,259)         (119)                        Life and health           Annuity
                                                                                                     Property and casualty     Segregated fund


     International Insurance

International Insurance is primarily comprised of our reinsurance businesses which insure risks of other insurance and
reinsurance companies. We offer life, disability and longevity reinsurance solutions.
     The global reinsurance market is competitive with significant market opportunities in the U.S., U.K, and Europe. Market share
is largely held by a small number of reinsurers, with RBC Insurance® continuing to have steady growth.

Financial performance
Total revenue increased $174 million or 6% from last year, mainly due to the change in fair value of investments backing
policyholder liabilities.
     Premiums and deposits decreased $60 million or 2%.

     Selected highlights                                           Table 31               Premiums and deposits (Millions of Canadian dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                           2022           2021              4,000

Total revenue                                       $ 2,857        $ 2,683                3,000
Other information
  Premiums and deposits                                                                   2,000

    Life and health                                     1,044         1,050               1,000
    Annuity                                             1,455         1,509
  Fair value changes on investments                                                          0
                                                                                                               2022           2021
    backing policyholder liabilities                      371            106
                                                                                                            Life and health     Annuity




46      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
  Investor & Treasury Services

Investor & Treasury Services provides asset, payment and treasury services to financial institutions and asset owners worldwide.
We are a leader in Canadian cash management and transaction banking services. Trusted with nearly 4 trillion in AUA, our focus
is on safeguarding client assets and supporting our clients’ growth.


  $3.9 trillion                                 16.4%                                                     $61.8 billion
  AUA                                           Return on equity                                          Average client deposits


          Revenue by Geography                  Our product and service offering includes custody, fund administration,
                                                shareholder services, private capital services, middle office, transaction banking
                                                (including trade finance, insourced solutions and services to broker dealers), and
                                                treasury and market services (including cash/liquidity management, foreign
                                                exchange and securities finance).
               $2.2 billion                     Our asset services business competes against the world’s largest custodians in
                  Total revenue
                                                selected countries in North America, Europe, and the U.K.
                                                Our transaction banking business competes against the largest banks in Canada.


            39% North America
            33% Europe (Ex. U.K.)
            17% U.K.
            11% Asia-Pacific




2022 Operating environment
› Results for our asset services business were impacted by industry headwinds such as continued pricing pressure, partially
  offset by rising interest rates.
› Our funding and liquidity business managed through a rising rate environment and results were driven by increased market
  opportunities.
› We continued to execute on initiatives to improve our cost structure, focus on markets and segments where we have
  competitive advantages and upgrade our technology capabilities.

Strategic priorities
 OUR STRATEGY                                 PROGRESS IN 2022                                        PRIORITIES IN 2023
 Grow the Canadian franchise                  Delivered significant revenue growth in our             Grow relationships with Canadian asset
                                              transaction banking business through acquisition        managers, investment counsellors, pension
                                              of new clients, expansion of existing relationships,    funds, insurance companies, and transaction
                                              and delivery of new product offerings                   banking clients
                                                                                                      Deliver new products to meet growing client
                                                                                                      demand and enhance our core capabilities in
                                                                                                      Canada to improve the client experience
 Compete in select asset servicing            Signed a Memorandum of Understanding to divest          Complete the intended divestiture (subject to
 segments and markets                         our European asset servicing activities and             customary closing conditions, including
                                              associated Malaysian centre of excellence               regulatory and antitrust approvals)
                                              Continued cross-segment collaboration to grow
                                              fund finance sales
 Deliver seamless client experiences and      Continued to evolve our digital offering, improve       Continue to invest to seamlessly onboard,
 employ technology to enable our clients’     interactive applications to increase clients’ digital   integrate and support our clients through
 success                                      self-service capacity and reduce operational risk       digital channels


Outlook
In fiscal 2023, we expect the global asset services industry will remain challenging. While we expect some benefit from rising
interest rates in fiscal 2023, ongoing fee reductions, competition from global custody providers in key markets and the impact of
reduced client activity as a result of lower asset values and net client movements, are expected to constrain revenue growth.
Ongoing inflationary pressures coupled with recession concerns also have the potential to impact our results in fiscal 2023.
Completing the divestiture of our European asset servicing activities and associated Malaysian centre of excellence will be a
priority. We will focus on growing in markets and segments where we have competitive advantages, improving operational
efficiency and leveraging our investment in technology to enable our clients’ success.
      We will continue to prioritize prudent risk and funding management amidst an evolving liquidity environment and uncertain
market backdrop.
For further details on our general economic review and outlook, refer to the Economic, market and regulatory review and outlook
section.


                                                                   Management’s Discussion and Analysis     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   47
      Investor & Treasury Services                                                                                        Table 32

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts and as otherwise noted)                              2022            2021
  Net interest income                                                                               $         498     $        460
  Non-interest income                                                                                       1,725            1,704
Total revenue                                                                                               2,223            2,164
  PCL on performing assets                                                                                      1               (8)
  PCL on impaired assets                                                                                       (4)               –
PCL                                                                                                            (3)              (8)
  Non-interest expense                                                                                      1,569            1,589
Income before income taxes                                                                                    657              583
Net income                                                                                          $         513     $        440
Key ratios
 ROE                                                                                                        16.4%           14.0%
Selected balance sheet information
  Average total assets                                                                              $     250,600     $   235,400
  Average deposits                                                                                        245,000         219,800
    Average client deposits                                                                                61,800          64,400
    Average wholesale funding deposits                                                                    183,200         155,400
Other information
  AUA (1)                                                                                           $ 3,906,900       $ 4,640,900
  Average AUA                                                                                         4,392,600         4,634,900
  Number of employees (FTE)                                                                               3,497             3,718

Estimated impact of U.S. dollar, British pound and Euro translation on key income statement items

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                            2022 vs. 2021
Increase (decrease):
  Total revenue                                                                                     $          (70)
  PCL                                                                                                            –
  Non-interest expense                                                                                         (68)
  Net income                                                                                                    (3)
Percentage change in average U.S. dollar equivalent of C$1.00                                                (3)%
Percentage change in average British pound equivalent of C$1.00                                                7%
Percentage change in average Euro equivalent of C$1.00                                                         9%
(1)     Represents year-end spot balances.


Financial performance
2022 vs. 2021
Net income increased $73 million or 17% from last year, mainly driven by higher revenue from client deposits, partially offset by
higher technology-related costs.
     Total revenue increased $59 million or 3%, mainly due to higher revenue from client deposits reflecting improved margins,
partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange translation.
     Non-interest expense decreased $20 million or 1%, mainly due to the impact of foreign exchange translation and lower
staff-related costs. These factors were partially offset by higher technology-related costs, a favourable sales tax adjustment in
the prior year and higher legal costs.




48        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
    Capital Markets

RBC Capital Markets® is a premier global investment bank providing expertise in advisory & origination, sales & trading, and
lending & financing to corporations, institutional clients, asset managers, private equity firms and governments globally. Our
professionals ensure that clients receive the advice, products, and services their businesses need from 63 offices in 18 countries.
Our presence extends across North America, the U.K. & Europe, and Australia, Asia & other regions.


    >19,500                                                  #9                                                    6,887
    Number of clients                                        Global league table rankings1                         Employees


           Revenue by Geography                              We operate two main business lines, Corporate & Investment Banking and
                                                             Global Markets.
                                                             In North America, we offer a full suite of products and services which include
                                                             equity and debt origination and distribution, advisory services, and sales &
                                                             trading. In Canada, we are a market leader with a strategic presence in all lines
                 $9.1 billion                                of capital markets businesses. In the U.S., where our competitors include large
                    Total revenue                            global investment banks, we have a full industry sector coverage and investment
                                                             banking product range, as well as capabilities in credit, secured lending,
                                                             municipal finance, fixed income, currencies & commodities, and equities.
                                                             Outside North America, we have a targeted strategic presence in the U.K. &
                                                             Europe, Australia, Asia & other markets aligned to our global expertise. In the
              49% U.S.                                       U.K. & Europe, we offer a diversified set of capabilities in key industry sectors of
              29% Canada                                     focus. In Australia and Asia, we compete with global and regional investment
              16% U.K. & Europe                              banks in targeted areas aligned to our global expertise, including fixed income
               6% Australia, Asia &                          distribution and currencies trading, secured financing, as well as corporate and
                  other regions
                                                             investment banking.



2022 Operating environment
› The fiscal 2022 operating environment was characterized by significant geopolitical and economic uncertainty alongside
  elevated inflation and rising interest rates, resulting in increased financial market volatility and asset revaluation. This created
  a challenging operating environment that led to a decline in activity across some of our global capital markets businesses,
  particularly in the second half of the fiscal year. Global investment banking fee pools were impacted by weakness in credit and
  equity markets beginning in the second fiscal quarter of 2022, resulting in an approximately 30% decline in global investment
  banking fee pools1 this fiscal year compared to record levels in fiscal 2021.
› Trading activity remained elevated in some businesses, particularly in macro-focused businesses such as rates and foreign
  exchange. However, this was offset by a more challenging environment for credit trading as a result of widening spreads and
  slower new issuance activities. Despite the market disruption, our balance sheet strength enabled us to continue supporting
  our clients during the 2022 fiscal year.
› While the credit environment in fiscal 2022 reflected the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, it also reflected unfavourable
  changes in our economic outlook towards the latter half of the year, including the impact of slowing economic growth as well
  as rising inflation and interest rates. PCL on impaired loans remained below pre-pandemic levels.




1    Source: Dealogic, based on global investment bank fees, Fiscal 2022

                                                                            Management’s Discussion and Analysis     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   49
Strategic priorities
    OUR STRATEGY                                          PROGRESS IN 2022                                             PRIORITIES IN 2023
    Grow and deepen client relationships                  Strengthened relationships with key clients,                 Deliver holistic coverage to clients and drive
                                                          resulting in high quality mandates and notable               multi-product client relationships to gain market
                                                          wins in Corporate & Investment Banking and                   share
                                                          Global Markets, for example:
                                                                                                                       Expand client coverage in underpenetrated
                                                          •   Financial Advisor to DigitalBridge and IFM               sectors and products
                                                              Investors on US$11 billion landmark
                                                              communications infrastructure take-private
                                                              transaction
                                                          •   Financial Advisor and Lead Arranger to The
                                                              Vertex Company and American Industrial
                                                              Partners on its merger with Vectrus, creating a
                                                              US$2.1 billion entity

    Lead with advice and extend capabilities              Expanded advisory and thought leadership                     Grow all areas of origination, inclusive of
                                                          capabilities inclusive of Sustainable Finance1 and           structured solutions, through partnership across
                                                          Private Capital                                              Corporate & Investment Banking and Global
                                                          Refreshed our Global Markets strategy to deliver             Markets
                                                          holistic client service providing trusted solutions          Continue to drive cross-platform and geographic
                                                          and execution, leveraging origination and                    collaboration across businesses and asset classes
                                                          financing, enabled by digital offerings
                                                                                                                       Lead on Sustainable Finance1, Energy Transition,
                                                          Examples include:
                                                                                                                       and Private Capital solutions
                                                          •   Joint Bookrunner and Global Coordinator on
                                                              Definity Financial’s Initial Public Offering
                                                              (IPO) and Private Placement Agent on its
                                                              Cornerstone Private Placement raising
                                                              proceeds of C$2.1 billion, making it the largest
                                                              IPO in Canadian financial services since 1999
                                                          •   Advised SS&C Technologies on the £1.2 billion
                                                              acquisition of BluePrism, demonstrating our
                                                              strength in delivering support in complex
                                                              cross-border, sector and product transactions
                                                              involving publicly traded targets

    Leverage digital and data to deliver                  Launched Aiden® Arrival, the second algorithm on             Scale digital capabilities including electronic
    innovative solutions                                  the AI-based electronic trading platform, aimed at           execution, analytics and platform capabilities
                                                          enhancing flexibility and control over trade                 across Capital Markets
                                                          execution
                                                                                                                       Generate differentiated insights and thought
                                                          Scaled our digital research platform, Elements,              leadership leveraging data and analytics
                                                          into next generation applications utilizing
                                                          alternative data

    Prioritize and align for impact                       Embedded productivity and efficiency measures                Strategically deploy talent, technology and
                                                          within the businesses, and formalized a benefits             financial resources to areas of greatest
                                                          tracking process                                             opportunity
                                                          Enhanced collaboration with Treasury & Market                Align business and functional strategies to build
                                                          Services to increase funding capacity                        scale and maximize impact

    Drive agility and ease of doing business              Leveraged the newly created cross-business and               Improve processes, leveraging an end-to-end
                                                          functional Investment Review Board to address                approach to enhance client outcomes
                                                          the technology capital allocation process
                                                                                                                       Accelerate execution and simplify procedures to
                                                                                                                       improve employee experience

    Engage, enable and empower our talent                 Invested in senior talent through external hiring            Invest in talent through scaled development
                                                          and promotions and repositioned our talent                   programs, increased mobility, senior hiring and
                                                          strategy to be better aligned with business                  promotions
                                                          outcomes
                                                                                                                       Deliver on D&I strategy and build on our inclusive
                                                          Advanced our Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) strategy            culture
                                                          and improved representation of diverse talent


Outlook
In fiscal 2023, the outlook remains uncertain and financial market volatility is expected to persist. Despite these market
dynamics, a modest recovery of capital markets industry revenues is expected. We will continue to pursue market share growth
in both our Corporate & Investment Banking and Global Markets businesses. In Investment Banking, we continue to focus on
targeted sectors and investment in talent, with an emphasis on advisory products. In Global Markets, our focus remains on
delivering robust results through continued resource optimization, acceleration of cross-selling activities, further deployment of
electronic and digital capabilities, and building on our strong risk management practices. In Corporate Banking, following higher
levels of balance sheet deployment in support of increased client financing demands in fiscal 2022, we will continue to pursue a
moderate growth approach consistent with our focus on our balance sheet-enabled strategy to deepen relationships with lending
clients in order to drive growth in our non-lending businesses. This strategy will continue to be underpinned by strong credit risk
management practices, optimization of our financial resources and supporting our clients in the execution of their strategies.

For further details on our general economic review and outlook, refer to the Economic, market and regulatory review and outlook
section.




1      Sustainable finance refers to financial activities that take into account environmental, social and governance factors

50       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Capital Markets                                                                                                                                              Table 33

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts and as otherwise noted)                                                                  2022                 2021
  Net interest income (1)                                                                                                             $         4,698 $              4,553
  Non-interest income (1)                                                                                                                       4,422                5,634
Total revenue (1)                                                                                                                               9,120               10,187
  PCL on performing assets                                                                                                                        (34)                (476)
  PCL on impaired assets                                                                                                                           23                  (33)
PCL                                                                                                                                               (11)                (509)
  Non-interest expense                                                                                                                          5,561                5,427
Income before income taxes                                                                                                                      3,570                5,269
Net income                                                                                                                            $         2,921 $              4,187
Revenue by business
  Corporate & Investment Banking                                                                                                      $         4,309 $              4,823
  Global Markets                                                                                                                                5,245                5,542
  Other                                                                                                                                          (434)                (178)
Key ratios
 ROE                                                                                                                                           11.3%                 18.3%
Selected balance sheet information
  Average total assets                                                                                                                $      824,800        $     710,200
  Average trading securities                                                                                                                 133,000              122,900
  Average loans and acceptances, net                                                                                                         121,700              100,000
  Average deposits                                                                                                                            79,000               73,500
Other information
  Number of employees (FTE)                                                                                                                     6,887                6,414
Credit information
  PCL on impaired loans as a % of average net loans and acceptances                                                                            0.01%              (0.04)%

Estimated impact of U.S. dollar, British pound and Euro translation on key income statement items

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                                                             2022 vs. 2021
Increase (decrease):
  Total revenue                                                                                                                       $              42
  PCL                                                                                                                                                 –
  Non-interest expense                                                                                                                                8
  Net income                                                                                                                                         34
Percentage change in average U.S. dollar equivalent of C$1.00                                                                                     (3)%
Percentage change in average British pound equivalent of C$1.00                                                                                     7%
Percentage change in average Euro equivalent of C$1.00                                                                                              9%
(1)    The teb adjustment for 2022 was $572 million (2021 – $518 million). For further discussion, refer to the How we measure and report our business segments section.


                                                 Revenue by region (Millions of Canadian dollars)


                                                 10,500
                                                  9,000
                                                  7,500
                                                  6,000
                                                  4,500
                                                  3,000
                                                   1,500
                                                       0
                                                                           2022           2021

                                                     Australia, Asia & other regions       U.K. & Europe        U.S.     Canada


Financial performance
2022 vs. 2021
Net income decreased $1,266 million or 30% from last year, primarily driven by lower revenue in Corporate & Investment Banking,
larger releases of provisions on performing assets in the prior year, and lower revenue in Global Markets.
     Total revenue decreased $1,067 million or 10%, mainly due to the impact from loan underwriting markdowns, primarily in the
U.S., largely driven by challenging market conditions. Lower debt and equity origination across most regions also contributed to
the decrease. This was partially offset by higher lending revenue across most regions.
     PCL was $(11) million compared to $(509) million last year, primarily attributable to releases of provisions on performing
assets reflecting the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic in both 2022 and 2021. The releases in the current year were partially
offset by unfavourable changes in our macroeconomic outlook. Provisions taken on impaired loans in the current year as
compared to recoveries in the prior year also contributed to the increase, resulting in an increase of 5 bps in the PCL on impaired
loans ratio.
     Non-interest expense increased $134 million or 2%, mainly due to higher technology-related costs, higher marketing and
business development costs, and higher trade execution costs. These factors were partially offset by changes in the fair value of
our share-based compensation plans, which was largely offset in other revenue.
                                                                                    Management’s Discussion and Analysis        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      51
      Business line review

      Corporate & Investment Banking

Corporate & Investment Banking comprises our corporate lending, municipal finance, loan syndication, debt and equity
origination, and M&A advisory services. For debt and equity origination, revenue is allocated between Corporate & Investment
Banking and Global Markets based on the contribution of each group in accordance with an established agreement.

Financial performance
Corporate & Investment Banking revenue of $4,309 million decreased $514 million or 11% from last year.
     Investment Banking revenue decreased $773 million or 30%, mainly due to the impact from loan underwriting markdowns,
primarily in the U.S., largely driven by challenging market conditions. Lower debt origination primarily in the U.S. also contributed
to the decrease.
     Lending and other revenue increased $259 million or 11%, primarily due to average volume growth in the U.S. and Europe.

      Selected highlights                                                  Table 34               Breakdown of total revenue (Millions of Canadian dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                   2022             2021             5,000
Total revenue (1)                    $ 4,309 $ 4,823                                               4,000
Breakdown of revenue (1)
  Investment banking                    1,786  2,559                                               3,000

  Lending and other (2)                 2,523  2,264                                               2,000
Other information
                                                                                                    1,000
  Average assets                      100,100 81,400
  Average loans and acceptances, net   92,400 73,300                                                     0
                                                                                                                            2022         2021
(1)     The teb adjustment for the year ended October 31, 2022 was $39 million
        (October 31, 2021 – $37 million). For further discussion, refer to the How we                          Investment banking        Lending and other
        measure and report our business segments section.
(2)     Comprises our corporate lending, client securitization, and global credit
        businesses.



      Global Markets

Global Markets comprises our sales and trading businesses including fixed income, foreign exchange, commodities, and equities,
as well as our repo and secured financing products.

Financial performance
Global Markets revenue of $5,245 million decreased $297 million or 5% from last year.
     Revenue in our Fixed income, currencies and commodities business decreased $308 million or 11%, largely driven by lower
fixed income trading revenue and lower debt origination both primarily in the U.S. These factors were partially offset by higher
foreign exchange trading revenue across all regions.
     Revenue in our Equities business decreased $73 million or 5%, primarily due to lower equity origination across most regions.
     Revenue in our Repo and secured financing business increased $84 million or 7%, mainly due to increased client activity.

      Selected highlights                                                   Table 35              Breakdown of total revenue (Millions of Canadian dollars)

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                   2022             2021       6,000
Total revenue (1)                                         $     5,245 $         5,542        5,000
Breakdown of revenue (1)
                                                                                             4,000
  Fixed income, currencies
                                                                                             3,000
    and commodities                                             2,570           2,878
  Equities                                                      1,458           1,531        2,000
  Repo and secured financing (2)                                1,217           1,133            1,000
Other information                                                                                   0
  Average assets                                            707,500          626,500                                   2022           2021
(1)     The teb adjustment for the year ended October 31, 2022 was $533 million
                                                                                                         Repo and secured      Global equities    Fixed income, currencies
        (October 31, 2021 – $481 million). For further discussion, refer to the How we
                                                                                                         financing                                and commodities
        measure and report our business segments section.
(2)     Comprises our secured funding businesses for internal businesses and
        external clients.


      Other

Other includes our legacy portfolio, which mainly consists of our U.S. commercial mortgage-backed securities (MBS), bank-
owned life insurance (BOLI) derivative contracts and structured rates in Asia.

Financial performance
Revenue decreased $256 million from last year, reflecting higher residual funding costs and changes in the fair value of hedges
related to our share-based compensation plans, which was largely offset in non-interest expense.



52        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Corporate Support

Corporate Support consists of Technology & Operations, which provides the technological and operational foundation required
to effectively deliver products and services to our clients, Functions, which includes our finance, human resources, risk
management, internal audit and other functional groups, as well as our Corporate Treasury function. Reported results for
Corporate Support mainly reflect certain activities related to monitoring and oversight of enterprise activities which are not
allocated to business segments. For further details, refer to the How we measure and report our business segments section.

      Corporate Support                                                                                                                                         Table 36

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                      2022                 2021
  Net interest income (loss) (1)                                                                                                              $     (132)      $         (321)
  Non-interest income (loss) (1), (2)                                                                                                               (728)                 421
Total revenue (1), (2)                                                                                                                              (860)                 100
  PCL                                                                                                                                                  1                   (1)
  Non-interest expense (2)                                                                                                                          (247)                 405
Income (loss) before income taxes (1)                                                                                                               (614)                (304)
  Income taxes (recoveries) (1)                                                                                                                     (616)                (365)
Net income (loss)                                                                                                                             $        2       $           61
(1)     Teb adjusted.
(2)     Revenue for the year ended October 31, 2022, included losses of $363 million (October 31, 2021 – gains of $394 million) on economic hedges of our U.S. Wealth
        Management (including City National) share-based compensation plans, and non-interest expense included $(289) million (October 31, 2021 – $382 million) of share-based
        compensation expense driven by changes in the fair value of liabilities relating to our U.S. Wealth Management (including City National) share-based compensation
        plans.


Due to the nature of activities and consolidation adjustments reported in this segment, we believe that a comparative period
analysis is not relevant.

Total revenue and Income taxes (recoveries) in each period in Corporate Support include the deduction of the teb adjustments
related to the gross-up of income from Canadian taxable corporate dividends and the U.S. tax credit investment business
recorded in Capital Markets. The amount deducted from revenue was offset by an equivalent increase in Income taxes
(recoveries).

The teb amount for the year ended October 31, 2022 was $572 million and was $518 million last year.

The following identifies the material items, other than the teb impacts noted previously, affecting the reported results in each
year.

2022
Net income was $2 million. Net favourable tax adjustments and asset/liability management activities were offset by residual
unallocated items.

2021
Net income was $61 million, primarily due to asset/liability management activities and residual unallocated items, partially offset
by net unfavourable tax adjustments.

      Quarterly financial information

      Fourth quarter performance

Q4 2022 vs. Q4 2021
Fourth quarter net income of $3,882 million was down $10 million. Diluted EPS of $2.74 was up $0.06 and ROE of 15.6% was down
130 bps. Our CET1 ratio of 12.6% was down 110 bps from a year ago. Lower results in Capital Markets and Corporate Support were
partially offset by strong earnings in Wealth Management and Personal & Commercial Banking.
     Total revenue increased $191 million or 2%, largely due to higher net interest income and trading revenue. These factors were
partially offset by lower insurance revenue, other revenue, underwriting and other advisory fees and mutual fund revenue.
     Net interest income increased $1,221 million or 24%, mainly due to higher spreads and average volume growth in loans and
deposits in Canadian Banking and Wealth Management. These factors were partially offset by lower net interest income in Investor
& Treasury Services reflecting higher funding costs that were offset by related gains on non-trading derivatives in Other revenue.
     Insurance revenue decreased $857 million or 57%, primarily due to lower group annuity sales and the change in fair value of
investments backing policyholder liabilities, both of which are largely offset in PBCAE.
     Trading revenue increased $348 million, largely due to higher fixed income trading revenue across most regions.
     Mutual fund revenue decreased $132 million or 12%, largely due to lower average mutual fund balances in Wealth
Management and Canadian Banking.
     Underwriting and other advisory fees decreased $174 million or 27%, mainly due to lower debt origination across all regions.
     Other revenue decreased $219 million or 90%, largely due to the impact of economic hedges, including changes in the fair
value of hedges related to our U.S. share-based compensation plans that were largely offset in Non-interest expense. These
factors were partially offset by net gains on non-trading derivatives, which were offset within net interest income.
     Total PCL was $381 million compared to $(227) million last year, reflecting provisions taken on performing loans and higher
provisions on impaired loans in the current quarter as compared to releases of provisions on performing loans in the prior year,
primarily in Personal & Commercial Banking. The PCL on loans ratio of 18 bps compared to (12) bps last year increased 30 bps.
                                                                                   Management’s Discussion and Analysis       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      53
     PBCAE decreased $916 million, primarily due to lower group annuity sales and the change in fair value of investments
backing policyholder liabilities, both of which are largely offset in revenue. Higher favourable annual actuarial assumption
updates largely related to economic assumption updates in the current year also contributed to the decrease.
     Non-interest expense increased $626 million or 10%, mainly attributable to higher variable compensation, primarily due to
the timing of true-ups related to our variable compensation plans in Capital Markets and higher staff-related costs. The impact of
foreign exchange translation as well as the Brewin Dolphin acquisition and related costs also contributed to the increase. These
factors were partially offset by the change in the fair value of our U.S. share-based compensation plans as well as the impact of a
legal provision taken in U.S Wealth Management (including City National) in the prior year that was partially released in the first
quarter of 2022.
     Income tax expense decreased $117 million or 11%, primarily due to an increase in income from lower tax rate jurisdictions in
the current year and lower income before income taxes. The effective income tax rate of 20.1% decreased 190 bps from last year,
mainly due to an increase in income from lower tax rate jurisdictions in the current year.

Q4 2022 vs. Q3 2022
Net income of $3,882 million was up $305 million or 9% compared to last quarter, primarily due to higher fixed income trading
revenue in Capital Markets as the prior quarter included the impact from loan underwriting markdowns, primarily in the U.S, and
higher spreads in Canadian Banking and Wealth Management. These factors were partially offset by higher compensation,
primarily due to the timing of true-ups related to our variable compensation plans.

      Quarterly results and trend analysis

Our quarterly results are impacted by a number of trends and recurring factors, which include seasonality of certain businesses,
general economic and market conditions, and fluctuations in the Canadian dollar relative to other currencies. The following table
summarizes our results for the last eight quarters (the period):

      Quarterly results (1)                                                                                                                                    Table 37
                                                                              2022                                                           2021
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except per
share and percentage amounts)                               Q4              Q3             Q2              Q1              Q4              Q3           Q2            Q1
      Personal & Commercial Banking                  $ 5,419 $           5,182 $        4,739 $        4,803 $         4,605 $         4,651 $        4,527    $    4,563
      Wealth Management                                3,976             3,655          3,605          3,613           3,444           3,373          3,260         3,219
      Insurance                                          644             1,233            234          1,399           1,501           1,754            536         1,809
      Investor & Treasury Services                       503               582            551            587             548             517            534           565
      Capital Markets (2)                              2,313             1,649          2,348          2,810           2,298           2,463          2,718         2,708
      Corporate Support (2)                             (288)             (169)          (257)          (146)            (20)             (2)            43            79
Total revenue                                            12,567         12,132         11,220         13,066          12,376          12,756         11,618        12,943
  PCL                                                       381            340           (342)           105            (227)           (540)           (96)          110
  PBCAE                                                     116            850           (180)           997           1,032           1,304            149         1,406
  Non-interest expense                                    7,209          6,386          6,434          6,580           6,583           6,420          6,379         6,542
Income before income taxes                                4,861          4,556          5,308          5,384           4,988           5,572          5,186         4,885
  Income taxes                                              979            979          1,055          1,289           1,096           1,276          1,171         1,038
Net income                                           $ 3,882        $    3,577     $    4,253     $    4,095      $    3,892      $    4,296     $    4,015    $    3,847
      EPS – basic                                    $     2.75     $     2.52     $     2.97     $      2.84     $      2.68     $      2.97    $     2.76    $     2.66
          – diluted                                        2.74           2.51           2.96            2.84            2.68            2.97          2.76          2.66
Effective income tax rate                                20.1%          21.5%          19.9%          23.9%           22.0%           22.9%          22.6%         21.2%
Period average US$ equivalent
  of C$1.00                                          $ 0.739        $    0.783     $    0.789     $    0.787      $    0.796      $    0.812     $    0.798    $    0.779
(1)     Fluctuations in the Canadian dollar relative to other foreign currencies have affected our consolidated results over the period.
(2)     Teb adjusted. For further discussion, refer to the How we measure and report our business segments section of this 2022 Annual Report.


Seasonality
Seasonal factors may impact our results in certain quarters. The first quarter has historically been stronger for our Capital
Markets businesses. The second quarter has fewer days than the other quarters, which generally results in a decrease in net
interest income and certain expense items. The third and fourth quarters include the summer months which generally results in
lower client activity and may negatively impact the results of our Capital Markets trading business.

Trend analysis
Earnings over the period have been impacted by the factors noted below.
    Personal & Commercial Banking revenue has benefitted from solid volume growth in loans and deposits over the period. NIM
has been favourably impacted by the rising interest rate environment over the last three quarters, whereas a low interest rate
environment persisted in the earlier part of the period.
    Wealth Management revenue has benefitted from growth in average fee-based client assets, which is impacted by market
conditions, and volume growth in loans and deposits over the period. The rising interest rate environment also favourably
impacted revenue over the last three quarters, whereas a low interest rate environment persisted in the earlier part of the period.
    Insurance revenue has fluctuated over the period, primarily due to the impact of changes in the fair value of investments
backing policyholder liabilities as well as the timing of group annuity sales, both of which are largely offset in PBCAE. Group
annuity sales are generally higher in the first half of the fiscal year.
    Investor & Treasury Services revenue has been impacted by interest rate movements, market volatility and client activity
over the period.
54        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Management’s Discussion and Analysis
     Capital Markets revenue is influenced, to a large extent, by market conditions that impact client activity. Trading revenue
across the first half of the period benefitted from increased client activity. Beginning in the second quarter of 2022, there was a
decline in global fee pools. Trading results were further impacted notably in the third quarter of 2022 amidst challenging market
conditions, driving lower fixed income trading revenue, including the impact from loan underwriting markdowns.
     PCL is comprised of provisions taken on performing assets and provisions taken on impaired assets. PCL on performing
assets has fluctuated over the period as it is impacted by changes in macroeconomic conditions, exposures and credit quality.
Throughout 2021 and the first half of 2022, we saw improvements in our macroeconomic and credit quality outlook, as the
economic impact from the COVID-19 pandemic eased in most regions, resulting in releases of provisions on performing assets. In
the last half of 2022, unfavourable changes in our macroeconomic outlook resulted in an increase in provisions. PCL on impaired
assets remained lower than pre-pandemic levels over the period.
     PBCAE has fluctuated over the period reflecting changes in the fair value of investments backing policyholder liabilities,
which is impacted by changes in market conditions, as well as group annuity sales, both of which are largely offset in revenue.
PBCAE has also fluctuated due to the impact of investment-related experience and claims costs over the period. Actuarial
adjustments, which generally occur in the fourth quarter of each year, also impact PBCAE.
     Non-interest expense has been impacted by fluctuations in variable compensation over the period, commensurate with
fluctuations in revenue and earnings. Changes in the fair value of our U.S. share-based compensation plans, which are largely
offset in revenue, have also contributed to fluctuations over the period and are impacted by market conditions. While we
continue to focus on efficiency management activities, expenses over the period also reflect investments in staff and technology
and increases in discretionary spend, including marketing. The fourth quarter of 2021 included a legal provision in U.S. Wealth
Management (including City National) that was partially released in the first quarter of 2022.
     Our effective income tax rate has fluctuated over the period, mostly due to varying levels of tax adjustments and changes in
earnings mix. The second and fourth quarters of 2022 reflected the impact of net favourable tax adjustments and an increase in
income from lower tax rate jurisdictions, respectively.


      Financial condition

      Condensed balance sheets

                                                                                                                                                                 Table 38

As at October 31 (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                  2022                     2021
Assets
Cash and due from banks                                                                                                              $       72,397         $      113,846
Interest-bearing deposits with banks                                                                                                        108,011                 79,638
Securities, net of applicable allowance (1)                                                                                                 318,223                284,724
Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                                                                317,845                307,903
Loans
  Retail                                                                                                                                    549,751                503,598
  Wholesale                                                                                                                                 273,967                218,066
Allowance for loan losses                                                                                                                    (3,753)                (4,089)
Other – Derivatives                                                                                                                         154,439                 95,541
      – Other (2)                                                                                                                           126,339                107,096
Total assets                                                                                                                         $   1,917,219          $ 1,706,323
Liabilities
Deposits                                                                                                                             $   1,208,814          $ 1,100,831
Other – Derivatives                                                                                                                        153,491               91,439
      – Other (2)                                                                                                                          436,714              405,698
Subordinated debentures                                                                                                                     10,025                9,593
Total liabilities                                                                                                                        1,809,044              1,607,561
Equity attributable to shareholders                                                                                                         108,064                 98,667
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                       111                     95
Total equity                                                                                                                                108,175                 98,762
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                         $   1,917,219          $ 1,706,323
(1)     Securities are comprised of trading and investment securities.
(2)     Other – Other assets and liabilities include Segregated fund net assets and liabilities, respectively.


2022 vs. 2021
Total assets increased $211 billion or 12% from last year. Foreign exchange translation increased total assets by $114 billion.
     Cash and due from banks was down $41 billion or 36%, primarily due to lower deposits with central banks, reflecting our
liquidity and short-term cash management activities.
     Interest-bearing deposits with banks increased $28 billion or 36%, mainly due to higher deposits with central banks,
reflecting our short-term cash and liquidity management activities.
     Securities, net of applicable allowance, were up $33 billion or 12%, mainly due to higher government securities, reflecting
short-term market opportunities and liquidity management activities, and the impact of foreign exchange translation. These
factors were partially offset by lower equity trading securities.
     Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements (reverse repos) and securities borrowed increased $10 billion or 3%,
primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange translation and liquidity management activities, partially offset by decreased
client demand.
                                                                                        Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      55
     Loans (net of Allowance for loan losses) were up $102 billion or 14%, primarily due to volume growth in wholesale loans and
residential mortgages. The impact of foreign exchange translation also contributed to the increase.
     Derivative assets were up $59 billion or 62%, primarily attributable to the impact of foreign exchange translation.
     Other assets were up $19 billion or 18%, primarily reflecting higher cash collateral and margin deposits. The impact of foreign
exchange translation also contributed to the increase.

Total liabilities increased $201 billion or 13% from last year. Foreign exchange translation increased total liabilities by $114 billion.
    Deposits increased $108 billion or 10%, mainly due to issuances of long-term and short-term notes due to funding
requirements and the impact of foreign exchange translation. Higher retail deposits also contributed to the increase.
    Derivative liabilities were up $62 billion or 68%, primarily attributable to the impact of foreign exchange translation and
higher fair values on interest rate contracts, partially offset by lower fair values on foreign exchange contracts.
    Other liabilities increased $31 billion or 8%, primarily due to higher short-term borrowings of subsidiaries due to funding
requirements, higher cash collateral and the impact of foreign exchange translation.

Total equity increased $9 billion or 10%, mainly reflecting earnings, net of dividends, and other comprehensive income (OCI).
These factors were partially offset by share repurchases.

     Off-balance sheet arrangements

In the normal course of business, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, for accounting purposes, are not recorded
on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Off-balance sheet transactions are generally undertaken for risk, capital and funding
management purposes which benefit us and our clients. These include transactions with structured entities and may also include
the issuance of guarantees. These transactions give rise to, among other risks, varying degrees of market, credit, liquidity and
funding risk, which are discussed in the Risk management section.
     We use structured entities to securitize our financial assets as well as assist our clients in securitizing their financial assets.
These entities are not operating entities, typically have no employees, and may or may not be recorded on our Consolidated
Balance Sheets.
     In the normal course of business, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that may qualify for derecognition. We
apply the derecognition rules to determine whether we have transferred substantially all the risks and rewards or control
associated with the financial assets to a third party. If the transaction meets specific criteria, it may qualify for full or partial
derecognition from our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Securitizations of our financial assets
We periodically securitize our credit card receivables and residential and commercial mortgage loans primarily to diversify our
funding sources, enhance our liquidity position and for capital purposes. We also securitize residential and commercial
mortgage loans as part of our sales and trading activities.
     We securitize our credit card receivables, on a revolving basis, through a consolidated structured entity. We securitize single
and multiple-family residential mortgages through the National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) program.
The majority of our securitization activities are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as we do not meet the
derecognition criteria. During 2022 and 2021, we did not derecognize any mortgages securitized through the NHA MBS program.
For further details, refer to Note 7 and Note 8 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
     We also periodically securitize commercial mortgage loans by selling them in collateral pools, which meet certain
diversification, leverage and debt coverage criteria, to structured entities, one of which is sponsored by us. Securitized
commercial mortgage loans are derecognized from our Consolidated Balance Sheets as we have transferred substantially all of
the risks and rewards of ownership of the securitized assets. During the year ended October 31, 2022, we securitized $450 million
of commercial mortgages (October 31, 2021 – $nil). Our continuing involvement with the transferred assets is limited to servicing
certain of the underlying commercial mortgages sold. As at October 31, 2022, there was $2 billion of commercial mortgages
outstanding that we continue to service related to these securitization activities (October 31, 2021 – $2 billion).

Involvement with unconsolidated structured entities
In the normal course of business, we engage in a variety of financial transactions with structured entities to support our
customers’ financing and investing needs, including securitization of our clients’ financial assets, creation of investment
products, and other types of structured financing.
     We have the ability to use credit mitigation tools such as third-party guarantees, credit default swaps, and collateral to
mitigate risks assumed through securitization and re-securitization exposures. The process in place to monitor the credit quality
of our securitization and re-securitization exposures involves, among other things, reviewing the performance data of the
underlying assets. We affirm our ratings each quarter and formally confirm or assign a new rating at least annually. For further
details on our activities to manage risks, refer to the Risk management section.
     Below is a description of our activities with respect to certain significant unconsolidated structured entities. For a complete
discussion of our interests in consolidated and unconsolidated structured entities, refer to Note 8 of our 2022 Annual
Consolidated Financial Statements.

RBC-administered multi-seller conduits
We administer multi-seller conduits which are used primarily for the securitization of our clients’ financial assets. Our clients
primarily use our multi-seller conduits to diversify their financing sources and to reduce funding costs by leveraging the value of
high-quality collateral. The conduits offer us a favourable revenue stream and risk-adjusted return.
     We provide services such as transaction structuring, administration, backstop liquidity facilities and partial credit
enhancements to the multi-seller conduits. Revenue for all such services amounted to $296 million during the year (October 31,
2021 – $304 million).
     Our total commitment to the conduits in the form of backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities is shown below. The
total committed amount of these facilities exceeds the total amount of the maximum assets that may have to be purchased by
the conduits under the purchase agreements. As a result, the maximum exposure to loss attributable to our backstop liquidity
and credit enhancement facilities is less than the total committed amounts of these facilities.
56      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Liquidity and credit enhancement facilities                                                                                                                     Table 39

                                                                                                      2022                                               2021
                                                                                  Notional of         Allocable         Maximum         Notional of       Allocable    Maximum
                                                                                   committed           notional          exposure       committed          notional     exposure
As at October 31 (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                   amounts (1)          amounts          to loss (2)    amounts (1)        amounts      to loss (2)

Backstop liquidity facilities                                                   $ 48,235          $ 45,261           $ 45,261         $ 40,876         $ 38,330 $ 38,330
Credit enhancement facilities (3)                                                  2,974             2,974              2,974            2,546            2,546    2,546
Total                                                                           $ 51,209          $ 48,235           $ 48,235         $ 43,422         $ 40,876 $ 40,876
(1)     Based on total committed financing limit.
(2)     Not presented in the table above are derivative assets with a fair value of $25 million (October 31, 2021 – $17 million) which are a component of our total maximum
        exposure to loss from our interests in the multi-seller conduits. Refer to Note 8 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for more details.
(3)     Includes $14 million (October 31, 2021 – $9 million) of Financial standby letters of credit.

As at October 31, 2022, the notional amount of backstop liquidity facilities we provide increased $7 billion or 18% from last year,
primarily due to an increase in outstanding securitized assets of the multi-seller conduits as well as the impact of foreign
exchange translation. The notional amount of partial credit enhancement facilities we provide increased $428 million or 17% from
last year, primarily due to an increase in outstanding securitized assets of the multi-seller conduits.

      Maximum exposure to loss by client type                                                                                                                         Table 40

                                                                                                  2022                                                2021
As at October 31 (Millions of dollars)                                               US$                 C$          Total C$            US$                 C$           Total C$

Outstanding securitized assets
 Auto and truck loans and leases                                           $ 10,553           $    3,967        $ 18,351 $ 11,546                 $     3,752         $ 18,048
 Consumer loans                                                               3,198                    –           4,359    2,466                           –            3,054
 Credit cards                                                                 4,932                  719           7,441    3,876                         510            5,309
 Dealer floor plan receivables                                                1,012                  580           1,960      906                         770            1,892
 Equipment receivables                                                        2,291                  243           3,365    2,227                           –            2,757
 Fleet finance receivables                                                      785                  213           1,283      366                         213              667
 Insurance premiums                                                             143                  428             624      170                         428              638
 Residential mortgages                                                            –                1,785           1,785        –                         873              873
 Student loans                                                                2,013                  139           2,882    1,587                           –            1,965
 Trade receivables                                                            2,306                    –           3,144    2,337                           –            2,893
 Transportation finance                                                       2,119                  153           3,041    2,163                         102            2,780
Total                                                                      $ 29,352           $    8,227        $ 48,235 $ 27,644                 $     6,648         $ 40,876
Canadian equivalent                                                        $ 40,007           $    8,227        $ 48,235 $ 34,228                 $     6,648         $ 40,876

Our overall exposure increased 18% compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in the outstanding securitized assets of
the multi-seller conduits as well as the impact of foreign exchange translation. Correspondingly, total assets of the multi-seller
conduits increased $7 billion or 18% from last year, also primarily due to an increase in outstanding securitized assets in the
multi-seller conduits as well as the impact of foreign exchange. All of the multi-seller conduits transactions were internally rated
A or above. All transactions funded by the unconsolidated multi-seller conduits are internally rated using a rating system as
outlined in the internal ratings map in the credit risk section.
     Multiple independent debt rating agencies review all of the transactions in the multi-seller conduits. Transactions financed in
the U.S. multi-seller conduits are reviewed by Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s), Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and Fitch Ratings
(Fitch). Transactions in two of the Canadian multi-seller conduits are reviewed by DBRS Morningstar (DBRS) and Moody’s while
one of the Canadian multi-seller conduits is also reviewed by S&P. Each applicable rating agency also reviews ongoing transaction
performance on a monthly basis and may publish reports detailing portfolio and program information related to the conduits.
     As at October 31, 2022, the total asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) issued by the conduits amounted to $33 billion, an
increase of $8 billion or 32% from last year, primarily due to higher client usage. The rating agencies that rate the ABCP rated
100% (October 31, 2021 – 100%) of the total amount issued within the top ratings category.

Structured finance
We provide liquidity facilities to certain municipal bond tender option bond trusts in which we have an interest but do not
consolidate because the residual certificates issued by the tender option bond trusts are held by third parties. As at October 31,
2022, our maximum exposure to loss from these unconsolidated municipal bond tender option bond trusts was $3 billion
(October 31, 2021 – $3 billion).
     We provide senior warehouse financing to unaffiliated structured entities that are established by third parties to acquire
loans and issue term collateralized loan obligations (CLO). Subordinated financing is provided during the warehouse phase by
either the collateral manager or third-party investors. Subordinated financing serves as the first loss tranche which absorbs
losses prior to ourselves as the senior lender. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the term CLO is used to fully repay the
senior warehouse financing that we provide. As at October 31, 2022, our maximum exposure to loss associated with the
outstanding senior warehouse financing facilities was $640 million (October 31, 2021 – $951 million). The decrease in our
maximum exposure to loss from last year was driven by repayments of existing financing facilities partially offset by the impact
of foreign exchange translation.
     We provide senior financing to unaffiliated structured entities that are established by third parties to acquire loans.
Subordinated financing is provided by either the collateral manager or third-party investors. Subordinated financing serves as
the first loss tranche which absorb losses prior to ourselves as the senior lender. These facilities tend to be longer in term than
the CLO warehouse facilities and benefit from credit enhancement designed to cover a multiple of historical losses. As at
October 31, 2022, our maximum exposure to loss associated with the outstanding senior financing facilities was $5 billion
(October 31, 2021 – $4 billion). The increase in our maximum exposure to loss from last year was driven by the addition of new
financing facilities as well as the impact of foreign exchange translation.
                                                                                     Management’s Discussion and Analysis         Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       57
Investment funds
We invest in hedge funds primarily to provide clients with desired exposures to reference funds. As we make investments in the
reference funds, exposures to the funds are simultaneously transferred to clients through derivative transactions. Our maximum
exposure to loss in the reference funds is limited to our investments in the funds. As at October 31, 2022, our maximum exposure
to loss was $3 billion (October 31, 2021 – $3 billion).
     We also provide liquidity facilities to certain third-party investment funds. The funds issue unsecured variable-rate preferred
shares and invest in portfolios of tax exempt bonds. As at October 31, 2022, our maximum exposure to loss on these funds was
$667 million (October 31, 2021 – $606 million). The increase in our maximum exposure to loss from last year was driven by the
addition of new financing facilities as well as the impact of foreign exchange translation.

Third-party securitization vehicles
We hold interests in certain unconsolidated third-party securitization vehicles, which are structured entities. We, as well as other
financial institutions, are obligated to provide funding to these entities up to our maximum commitment level and are exposed to
credit losses on the underlying assets after various credit enhancements. As at October 31, 2022, our maximum exposure to loss
in these entities was $14 billion (October 31, 2021 – $12 billion). The increase in our maximum exposure to loss compared to last
year reflects an increase in client activity with third-party securitization vehicles. Interest and non-interest income earned in
respect of these investments was $186 million (October 31, 2021 – $89 million).

Guarantees, retail and commercial commitments
We provide our clients with guarantees and commitments that expose us to liquidity and funding risks. Our maximum potential
amount of future payments in relation to our commitments and guarantee products as at October 31, 2022 amounted to
$453 billion compared to $414 billion last year, primarily driven by the impact of foreign exchange translation and volume growth
in other commitments to extend credit. Refer to Liquidity and funding risk and Note 24 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial
Statements for details regarding our guarantees and commitments.

     Risk management

We are in the business of managing the risks inherent to the financial services industry as we aim to create maximum value for
our shareholders, clients, employees and communities. The ability to manage risk is a core competency of the bank, and is
supported by our risk-aware culture and risk management approach. Our view of risks is dynamic, and reflects the pace of
change in the financial services industry.


     Top and emerging risks

An important component of our risk management approach is to ensure that top and emerging risks, as they evolve, are
identified, managed, and incorporated into our existing risk management assessment, measurement, monitoring and escalation
processes and addressed in our risk frameworks and policies. These practices are intended to ensure a forward-looking risk
assessment is maintained by management in the course of business development and as part of the execution of ongoing risk
oversight responsibilities. Top and emerging risks are discussed by senior management and the Board on a regular basis.
    We have developed supplementary internal guidance to support enterprise-wide identification and assessment of all
material risks, including those that are not readily apparent. Top and emerging risks encompass those that could materially
impact our financial results, financial and operational resilience, reputation, business model, or strategy, as well as those that
may materially impact us as the risks evolve. The following represents our top and emerging risks:

     Top & emerging risks              Description

      Business and economic            Our financial results are affected to varying degrees by the general business and economic conditions in
            conditions                 the geographic regions in which we operate. These conditions may include factors such as: consumer
                                       saving and spending habits; consumer borrowing and repayment patterns; unemployment rates; the
                                       differing economic trajectories among nations across the globe, global tensions and geopolitical
                                       uncertainty; the level of business investment and overall business sentiment; trade; the direction of the
                                       COVID-19 pandemic and the emergence of new pathogens; the level of government spending as well as
                                       fiscal and monetary policy; the level of activity and volatility of the financial markets; disruptions to
                                       energy and other commodity markets; competitiveness; supply chain challenges and labour shortages
                                       affecting certain sectors; the evolution of elevated inflationary pressures; and possible stagflation or
                                       deflation. Moreover, interest rate changes and actions taken by central banks to manage inflation or the
                                       broader economy have implications for us. Our financial results are sensitive to changes in interest
                                       rates, as described in the Systemic risk section.
                                       For example, a slowdown in economic growth or an economic downturn could adversely impact
                                       employment rates and household incomes, consumer spending, housing prices, corporate earnings and
                                       business investment and could adversely affect our business, including but not limited to the demand for
                                       our loan and other products, and result in lower earnings, including higher credit losses. In addition to
                                       risks arising from monetary policy tightening, risks are also emerging around how governments will seek
                                       to recoup pandemic-related support, or any new support provided to deal with emerging economic
                                       challenges. This may include, for example, changes to tax policy to address fiscal capacity concerns and
                                       to balance budgets in the future.
                                       There are also emerging risks related to wealth and income inequality, as well as changing
                                       demographics and immigration, which could impact the labour market, inflation, demand and consumer
                                       trends, and potentially have broader societal and government policy implications.

58      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Top & emerging risks          Description

  Canadian housing and        Notwithstanding currently low unemployment rates, Canadian housing and household indebtedness
 household indebtedness       risks remain heightened in the current rising interest rate environment. Concerns related to elevated
                              levels of mortgage-related Canadian household debt, which accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic,
                              could escalate if the BoC continues to increase interest rates, if the current period of elevated inflation is
                              prolonged or if unemployment increases, potentially resulting in, among other things, higher credit
                              losses. Moreover, continued interest rate increases or slowing economic growth could adversely impact
                              housing market activity and housing prices, which could push loan-to-value (LTV) ratios higher and
                              further increase credit losses.
                              While real estate rental activity has rebounded in certain markets, changing consumer preferences and
                              work arrangements, and the impact from elevated borrowing costs, may continue to have an adverse
                              impact on future real estate investment and demand.

Information technology and Information technology (IT) and cyber risks remain top risks, not only for the financial services sector,
        cyber risks        but for other industries worldwide. Geopolitical tensions have increased the risk of nation state actors
                           attacking critical infrastructure, including banks and critical third-party suppliers (e.g., utilities, telecom
                           providers, etc.). We continue to be subject to the heightened inherent risk of cyber-attacks, data
                           breaches, cyber extortion and similar compromises, due to: (i) the size, scale, and global nature of our
                           operations; (ii) our heavy reliance on the internet to conduct day-to-day business activities; (iii) our
                           intricate technological infrastructure; and (iv) our reliance on third-party service providers. Ransomware
                           threats are growing in sophistication and being used to launch major supply chain attacks. Additionally,
                           clients’ use of personal devices can create further avenues for potential cyber-related incidents, as the
                           bank has little or no control over the safety of these devices. Resulting implications could include
                           business interruptions, client service disruptions, financial loss, theft of intellectual property and
                           confidential information, litigation, enhanced regulatory attention and penalties, as well as reputational
                           damage. Furthermore, the adoption of emerging technologies, such as cloud computing, Artificial
                           Intelligence (AI) and robotics, call for continued focus and investment to manage risks effectively. For
                           more details on how we are managing these risks, refer to the Operational risk section.

 Geopolitical uncertainty     In 2022, the Russia-Ukraine conflict upended the geopolitical landscape, with wide-ranging impacts to
                              the global economy and markets. The duration and path of the conflict remains uncertain, and could
                              continue to fuel, or exacerbate global tensions, energy and other commodity shortages, supply chain
                              disruptions, inflationary pressures, weakening sentiment and growth prospects, market volatility,
                              cyberattacks, and the proliferation of sanctions and trade measures. Europe, in particular, faces
                              significant uncertainty given its dependence on Russia for energy imports and its weakening economic
                              prospects. Furthermore, the Canadian economy is vulnerable to continued trade tensions given the
                              country’s trading relationships with the U.S. and China. Tensions remain elevated between China and the
                              U.S. and its allies over a number of issues, including trade, technology, human rights, Taiwan, Hong Kong,
                              and Macau. Tensions between China and its neighbours over territorial claims, and the prospect of even
                              closer relations between China and Russia, add further global and economic uncertainty. Other
                              geopolitical tensions could also add to economic and market uncertainties. In addition, an uncertain
                              geopolitical or economic environment could lead to increases in polarization, social unrest, or terrorism,
                              each of which could have direct or indirect impacts to the bank.
                              More broadly, the future of global trade remains uncertain, as countries look to decrease reliance on the
                              global supply chain and nations with differing values. Increased protectionism and economic
                              nationalism could reshape global alliances as the supply of critical goods of economic and national
                              importance (e.g., energy, semiconductors) remains one of the top priorities of governments. We will
                              continue to monitor these developments and others, and will assess the implications they have on us.

    Environmental and      We, like other organizations, are increasingly under scrutiny to address social and racial inequality and
        social risk        other human rights issues, and failure to do so may result in strategic, regulatory and reputation risks.
(including climate change) Risks associated with climate change are evolving as it relates to the global transition to a net-zero
                           economy and physical climate risks (e.g., extreme weather events).
                              Environmental and social risks, including climate change, are each unique and transverse risks
                              impacting our principal risk types in different ways and to varying degrees. While E&S risk manifests
                              itself through credit, reputation, and regulatory compliance risks, the impact of E&S risk also extends to
                              our other principal risks, including systemic, competitive, strategic, legal and regulatory environment,
                              operational, market, liquidity and insurance risks.
                              For details on these risks and how we are managing these risks, refer to the Overview of other risks
                              section.

     Digital disruption       The COVID-19 pandemic changed the way consumers interact with financial services providers, including
      and innovation          increasing demand for digital banking services. While this represents an opportunity for us to leverage our
                              use of technology, the need to meet the rapidly evolving needs of clients and compete with non-traditional
                              competitors has increased our strategic and reputation risks. Additional risks continue to emerge, as
                              demographic trends, evolving client expectations, the increased power to analyze data and the
                              emergence of disruptors are creating competitive pressures across a number of sectors. Moreover,
                              established technology companies, newer competitors, and regulatory changes continue to foster new
                              business models that are challenging or could challenge traditional banks and financial products. Finally,
                              while the adoption of new technologies, such as AI and machine learning, presents opportunities for us, it
                              is resulting or could result in new and complex strategic, operational, regulatory, compliance and
                              reputation risks that would need to be managed effectively.


                                                                Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   59
     Top & emerging risks                 Description

Privacy, data and third-party The protection and responsible use of personal information are critical to maintaining our clients’ trust. In
        related risks         addition, the management and governance of our data also remains a top risk given the high value
                              attributed to our data for the insights it can generate for clients and communities. Resulting implications
                              from failing to manage data and privacy risks could include financial loss, theft of intellectual property
                              and/or confidential information, litigation, enhanced regulatory attention and penalties, as well as
                              reputational damage. Effective privacy and information management practices continue to grow in
                              importance, as demonstrated by the continued development of complex regulations in the jurisdictions in
                              which we operate. Our potential exposure to these risks increases as we continue to partner with third-
                              party service providers and adopt new business models and technologies (e.g., cloud computing, AI and
                              machine learning). Threat actors gravitate towards vulnerabilities in an ecosystem, and the weakest link
                              in the supply chain can be a supplier or third-party service provider that may not have sufficiently robust
                              controls. Privacy, data and third-party related risks have been heightened as the use of work from home
                              arrangements remains common practice. Third-party providers critical to our operations are monitored
                              for any impact on their ability to deliver services, including vendors of our third-party providers. For
                              details on how we are managing these risks, refer to the Operational risk section.

       Regulatory changes                 The ongoing introduction of new or revised regulations requires enhanced focus across the organization
                                          on meeting additional regulatory requirements across the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate.
                                          Financial and other reforms that have been implemented or are being implemented, across multiple
                                          jurisdictions, such as digital, data and technology reforms, cyber security and anti-money laundering
                                          regulations, interest rate benchmark reform, as well as privacy, climate and consumer protection,
                                          continue to impact our operations and strategies. For more details, refer to the Legal and regulatory
                                          environment risk section.



     Culture and conduct risks            Our Purpose, values and risk principles are key dimensions of our culture. We demonstrate our culture
                                          through our conduct – the behaviours, decisions, and actions of the organization and our employees.
                                          Culture and conduct risks are considered top risks for the financial services industry due to the impact
                                          that our choices, behaviours, and overall risk governance can have on outcomes for our stakeholders.
                                          We embed client considerations into our decision-making processes and aim to focus on the fair
                                          treatment of clients, and continue to implement regulatory changes that align with this objective. We are
                                          responsive to evolving employee needs while expecting employees to always act with integrity.
                                          Regulators continue to focus on conduct matters and risks, and heightened expectations generally from
                                          regulators could lead to investigations, remediation requirements, higher compliance costs and
                                          enforcement actions and fines, and potential criminal prosecutions or imposition of sanctions, including
                                          restrictions on our activities. While we take steps to continue to strengthen our conduct practices, and
                                          prevent and detect outcomes which could potentially harm clients, employees or the integrity of the
                                          markets, such outcomes may not always be prevented or detected. For more details, refer to the Culture
                                          and conduct risks section.


     Overview

As a global financial institution with a diversified business model, we actively manage a variety of risks to help protect and
enable our businesses by following these risk management principles:

                                                                  Risk management principles
       •      Effectively balance risk and reward to enable sustainable growth.
       •      Collectively share the responsibility for risk management.
       •      Undertake only risks we understand and make thoughtful and future-focused risk decisions.
       •      Always uphold our Purpose and vision, and consistently abide by our values and Code of Conduct to maintain our
              reputation and the trust of our clients, colleagues and communities.
       •      Maintain a healthy and robust control environment to protect our stakeholders.
       •      Use judgment and common sense.
       •      Always be operationally prepared and financially resilient for a potential crisis.


The dynamic nature of the financial services industry, and technological innovation, necessitate that our processes, tools and
practices are continuously improving and responding to the changing landscape and emerging risks. We seek to accomplish this
through an effective and evolving risk management approach. All risk-taking activities and exposures are within the Board-
approved risk appetite, and corresponding capital and liquidity requirements. We seek to ensure that our business activities and
transactions provide an appropriate balance of return for the risks assumed and the costs incurred. Our organizational design
and governance processes are intended to ensure that our Group Risk Management (GRM) function is independent from the
businesses it supports.

Risk drivers
We define risk as the potential vulnerabilities in the short-, medium- or long-term that may impact our financial results, financial
and operational resilience, reputation, business model, or strategy. Risk can be realized through losses, or an undesirable
outcome with respect to volatility of earnings in relation to expected earnings, capital adequacy, or liquidity. Our principal risks
include credit, market, liquidity, insurance, operational, regulatory compliance, strategic, reputation, legal and regulatory
environment, competitive, and systemic risks, that have been classified into four categories based on the level of control and
60         Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
influence that we can exert against these risks. These categories are maintained by GRM and reviewed regularly to ensure all
principal risks are reflected. This classification methodology provides a common language and discipline for the identification
and assessment of risk in existing businesses, new businesses, products or initiatives, as well as acquisitions and alliances.


     Less

                                                 Adverse changes in the macroeconomic environment can lead to a material impact on the real economy or
                                                 the financial system in any of the regions in which we operate.
                                                 – Examples include rising inflationary pressures and interest rates, economic slowdowns or recessions,
                                                   deterioration in the Canadian housing market, abrupt changes in the geopolitical environment,
                                                   unfavourable global trade agreements, political uncertainties, or the outbreak of a pandemic or other
                                                   health crises.
                               Macroeconomic     Resultant impacts can materialize as loss of revenue, as well as the realization of credit, market or
                                                 operational risk losses.
                                                 Macroeconomic risk is the least controllable type of risk arising from the business environment in which we
                                                 operate.
                                                 However, we have in place a number of controls to mitigate the impacts of systemic risk, including our
                                                 diversified business model and funding sources, financial crisis management strategies and protocols,




       Control and influence
                                                 stress testing programs, and product and geographic diversification.

                                                 Business strategy is a major driver of our risk appetite, including acquisitions and dispositions, responses to
                                                 threats posed by non-traditional competitors and responses to proposed changes in the regulatory
                                                 environment.
                                                 Choosing the wrong strategy, or poorly executing on the correct strategy, could result in reputational risk
                                                 consequences, impact our revenue mix, and/or affect our exposure to earnings volatility and loss absorption
                                 Strategic
                                                 capacity.
                                                 There is a fair degree of control and influence that we can exert in managing strategic and reputation risk.
                                                 While the legal and regulatory environment and competitive risks are less controllable, we seek to influence
                                                 them through our role as a corporate entity and as an active participant in the Canadian and global financial
                                                 services industry.

                                                 The complexity and scope of our operations across the globe exposes us to operational and regulatory
                                Operational /    compliance risks.
                                 Regulatory      We have a certain level of control over these risks through the effective management of operational risk and
                                Compliance       regulatory compliance risk, including how we manage our dependence on people, systems, and processes,
                                                 as well as how we respond to external events.

                                                 A more traditional risk perspective involves credit, market, liquidity and insurance risks arising from, among
                               Transactional /   other things, lending transactions and balance sheet positions. These risks are an integral part of our
                                                 day-to-day business activities.
                                 Positional
                                                 We understand these risks well and have the greatest level of control and influence over them.
                                                 We earn revenue by taking these transactional / positional risks.


     More



  Enterprise risk management

Under the oversight of the Board and senior management, the Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF) provides an
overview of our enterprise-wide programs for managing risk, including identifying, assessing, measuring, controlling, monitoring
and reporting on the significant risks that face the organization.

Risk governance
We have an effective and well-established governance framework in place so that risks impacting our businesses are identified,
appropriately categorized, assessed, managed and communicated to the Board in a timely manner. The risk governance
framework has been established, and is maintained in alignment with, the expectations of OSFI, the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision’s (BCBS) corporate governance principles, and the requirements and expectations of other regulators in the
jurisdictions in which we conduct business, and in accordance with industry best practices. The Board oversees the
implementation of our risk management framework, while employees at all levels of the organization are responsible for
managing the day-to-day risks that arise in the context of their mandates. As illustrated below, we use the three lines of defence
governance model so that risks are appropriately and adequately managed throughout the enterprise to achieve our strategic
objectives.




                                                                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   61
                                                                          BOARD OF DIRECTORS

             RISK COMMITTEE                   AUDIT COMMITTEE                   GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE                       HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE

           The Board annually approves our Code of Conduct and closely collaborates with management to set the tone from above and promotes a strong governance
           culture that influences RBC at every level and across all global businesses. The Board also approves our risk appetite, provides oversight and carries out its
           risk management mandate primarily through its committees:
           The Risk Committee assists the Board in overseeing our risk management program ensuring that management has policies, processes and procedures to
           manage our significant risks and monitor our risk posture and risk profile. The Risk Committee oversees the risk management function, having regard to its
           independence from the businesses whose activities it reviews. Its oversight activities include the review of the GRM function which evaluates GRM’s success
           against its key priorities, the mandate of the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), and GRM’s organizational structure, budget and resources.
           The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of (i) the integrity of our financial statements; (ii) the qualifications, performance and independence of
           our external auditors; (iii) the performance of our internal audit function, (iv) internal controls; and (v) compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
           The Governance Committee recommends individuals for Board member election or re-election, oversees the process for evaluating Board Committee and
           director effectiveness, and oversees management of conduct and culture, including breaches of our Code of Conduct. Additional responsibilities include
           (i) developing and recommending governance frameworks, principles and policies to the Board; (ii) overseeing and coordinating ESG matters at the Board
           and its committees; (iii) monitoring developments in corporate governance and adapting best practices; and (iv) reviewing shareholder proposals and
           recommending responses to the Board.
           The Human Resources Committee assists the Board in its oversight of compensation policies and programs, compensation risk management and the
           compensation for the CEO and Group Executives (GE). It also oversees our pension plans, key talent management and human resources strategies and
           practices, including employee engagement, diversity & inclusion and health & wellness, as well as succession plans for key senior leadership roles.




                                                     THE GROUP EXECUTIVE AND GROUP RISK COMMITTEE

           Actively shapes enterprise risk appetite and recommends it for Board approval.
           Visibly supports and communicates enterprise risk appetite, seeking to ensure that sufficient resources and expertise are in place to help
           provide effective oversight of adherence to the enterprise risk appetite.
           Seeks to ensure principles, policies, authorities, resources, responsibilities and reporting are in place to support the control infrastructure
           necessary for an effective enterprise-wide risk management program.
           Oversees culture and conduct program and key activities.
           Provides appropriate and timely information to the Board or its Committees with regard to the identification, measurement, and management
           of the significant risks to which we are exposed across all of our legal entities, businesses and operations globally.
           The Compensation Risk Management Oversight Committee (CRMOC) oversees the design of major compensation programs in an effort to ensure
           alignment with sound risk management principles, and that risks that may not be fully captured in our current financial performance are
           appropriately considered in variable compensation payouts, including our enterprise risk profile relative to risk appetite. The CRMOC has
           responsibility for ensuring our compensation programs align with the Financial Stability Board (FSB) Principles for Sound Compensation
           Practices and Implementation Standards and other applicable guidance and best practices.




             FIRST LINE OF DEFENCE                                    SECOND LINE OF DEFENCE                                     THIRD LINE OF DEFENCE

                    RISK OWNERS                                              RISK OVERSIGHT                                     INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE


           All employees across our businesses                                               GLOBAL                         Internal Audit
           and functional areas                                       RISK                COMPLIANCE AND                    Independent assurance to management
           Accountable for:                                        MANAGEMENT              ANTI- MONEY                      and the Board on the effectiveness of
                Identification;                                                            LAUNDERING                       risk management practices
                Assessment;
                Measurement;                                       The CRO has direct access to the
                Mitigation;                                        Risk Committee
                Monitoring; and                                    The Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) and the
                Reporting of risk against approved                 Chief Anti-Money Laundering Officer (CAMLO)
                policies and appetite                              have direct access to the Audit Committee
                                                                   Establishes risk management practices and
                                                                   provides risk guidance
                                                                   Provides oversight of the effectiveness of
                                                                   First Line risk management practices
                                                                   Monitors and independently reports on the
                                                                   level of risk against established risk appetite




62   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022         Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Risk appetite                                                                                         etite Compon
Effective risk management protects us from unacceptable                                         k App             en
                                                                                               s                    ts
losses or undesirable outcomes with respect to earnings                                      Ri     Risk Capacity
volatility, capital adequacy or liquidity, reputation risk or other
risks while supporting and enabling our overall business
strategy. It requires the clear articulation of our risk appetite,                                   Risk Appetite &
which is the amount and type of risk that we are able and willing                              Board Delegated Authorities
to accept in the pursuit of our business objectives. It reflects our
self-imposed upper bound to risk-taking, set at levels inside of                                     Risk Limits &
regulatory limits and constraints, and influences our risk                                       Management Delegated
management philosophy, Code of Conduct, business practices                                            Authorities
and resource allocation. It provides clear boundaries and sets
an overall tone for balancing risk-reward trade-offs to ensure
the long-term viability of the organization.
     Our risk appetite is integrated into our strategic, financial,                                    Risk Profile
and capital planning processes, as well as ongoing business
decision-making processes and is reviewed and approved
annually by the Board.
                                                                                                       Risk Posture
     Our Enterprise Risk Appetite Framework (ERAF) outlines the
foundational aspects of our approach to risk appetite,
articulates our quantitative and qualitative risk appetite
statements and their supporting measures and associated
constraints, which can be applied at the enterprise, business
segment, business unit and legal entity level, and describes our
requirements and expectations to embed effective risk appetite
practices throughout the organization.

                                                   Risk appetite statements
                     Quantitative statements                                                  Qualitative statements

   •    Manage earnings volatility and exposure to future              •     Always uphold our Purpose and vision and
        losses under normal and stressed conditions.                         consistently abide by our values and Code of Conduct
   •    Avoid excessive concentrations of risk.                              to maintain our reputation and the trust of our
   •    Ensure capital adequacy and sound management of                      clients, colleagues, and communities.
        liquidity and funding risk.                                    •     Undertake only risk we understand. Make thoughtful
   •    Ensure sound management of operational and                           and future-focused risk decisions, taking
        regulatory compliance risk.                                          environmental and social considerations into
   •    Maintain strong credit ratings and a risk profile in the             account.
        top half of our peer group.                                    •     Effectively balance risk and reward to enable
                                                                             sustainable growth.
                                                                       •     Maintain a healthy and robust control environment to
                                                                             protect our stakeholders.
                                                                       •     Always be operationally prepared and financially
                                                                             resilient for a potential crisis.



The allocation of our risk appetite across the bank is supported by the establishment of delegated authorities or risk limits.
These delegated authorities or risk limits represent the maximum level of risk permitted for a line of business, portfolio,
individual or group and are used to govern ongoing operations. Risk posture, the anticipated shift in risk profile as a result of
changes in objectives, strategies, and external factors, is used to provide insights on key areas that may require management
attention to ensure strategies are able to be executed successfully within our risk appetite.

Risk measurement
Quantifying risk is a key component of our enterprise-wide risk and capital management processes. Risk measurement and
planning processes are integrated across the enterprise, especially in regards to forward-looking projections and analyses,
including but not limited to, stress testing, recovery and resolution planning, and credit provisioning. The degree of integration
across our Finance and Risk functions continues to increase in measuring both financial and risk performance.
     Certain risks, such as credit, market, liquidity and insurance risks, can be more easily quantified than others, such as
operational, reputation, strategic, legal, and regulatory compliance risks. For the risks that are more difficult to quantify, greater
emphasis is placed on qualitative risk factors and assessment of activities to gauge the overall level of risk. In addition,
judgmental risk measures and techniques such as stress testing, and scenario and sensitivity analyses can be used to assess and
measure risks, and we are continuously evolving our risk measures and techniques to manage our risks. Our primary methods for
measuring risk include:
•    Quantifying expected loss: losses that are statistically expected to occur as a result of conducting business in a given time
     period;
•    Quantifying unexpected loss: an estimate of the deviation of actual earnings from expected earnings, over a specified time
     horizon;
•    Stress testing: evaluates, from a forward looking perspective, the potential effects of a set of specified changes in risk
     factors, corresponding to exceptional but plausible adverse economic and financial market events; and
•    Back-testing: the realized values are compared to the parameter estimates that are currently used in an effort to ensure the
     parameters remain appropriate for regulatory and economic capital calculations.



                                                                Management’s Discussion and Analysis    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   63
Stress testing
Stress testing is an important component of our risk management framework. Stress testing results are used for:
•   Assessing the viability of long-term business plans and strategies;
•   Monitoring our risk profile relative to our risk appetite in terms of earnings and capital at risk;
•   Setting limits;
•   Identifying key risks to, and potential shifts in, our capital and liquidity levels, as well as our financial position;
•   Enhancing our understanding of available mitigating actions in response to potential adverse events; and
•   Assessing the adequacy of our capital and liquidity levels.

Our enterprise-wide stress tests evaluate key balance sheet, income statement, leverage, capital, and liquidity impacts arising
from risk exposures and changes in earnings. The results are used by the Board, Group Risk Committee (GRC) and senior
management risk committees to understand our performance drivers under stress, and review stressed capital, leverage, and
liquidity ratios against regulatory thresholds and internal limits. The results are also incorporated into our Internal Capital
Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) and capital plan analyses.
     We evaluate a number of enterprise-wide stress scenarios over a multi-year horizon, featuring a range of severities. Our
Board reviews the recommended scenarios, and GRM leads the scenario assessment process. Results from across the
organization are integrated to develop an enterprise-wide view of the impacts, with input from subject matter experts in GRM,
Corporate Treasury, Finance, and Economics. Generally, our stress testing scenarios evaluate global recessions, equity market
corrections, elevated debt levels, trade policies, changes in interest rates, real estate price corrections, and shocks to credit
spreads and commodity markets, among other factors. During our fiscal 2022 stress testing exercises, we addressed several
emerging risks inclusive of inflation risk, supply chain pressures as well as physical and transitional climate risk, with a focus on
the impacts of these risks on revenue, net income and capital projections.
     Ongoing stress testing and scenario analyses within specific risk types, such as market risk (including Interest Rate Risk in
the Banking Book (IRRBB)), liquidity risk, retail and wholesale credit risk, operational risk, and insurance risk, supplement and
support our enterprise-wide analyses. Results from these risk-specific programs are used in a variety of decision-making
processes including risk limit setting, portfolio composition evaluation, risk appetite articulation and business strategy
implementation.
     In addition to ongoing enterprise-wide and risk-specific stress testing programs, we use ad hoc and reverse stress testing to
deepen our knowledge of the risks we face. Ad hoc stress tests are one-off analyses used to investigate developing conditions or
to stress a particular portfolio in more depth. Reverse stress tests, starting with a severe outcome and aiming to reverse-
engineer scenarios that might lead to it, are used in risk identification and understanding of risk/return boundaries.

In addition to internal stress tests, we participate in a number of regulator-required stress test exercises, on a periodic basis,
across several jurisdictions.

Model governance and validation
Quantitative models are used for many purposes including, but not limited to, the valuation of financial products, the
identification, measurement and management of different types of risk, stress testing, assessing capital adequacy, informing
business and risk decisions, measuring compliance with internal limits, meeting financial reporting and regulatory requirements,
and issuing public disclosures.
     Model risk is the risk of adverse financial and/or reputational consequences to the enterprise arising from the use or misuse
of a model at any stage throughout its life cycle and is managed through our model risk governance and oversight structure. The
governance and oversight structure, which is implemented through our three lines of defence governance model, is founded on
the basis that model risk management is a shared responsibility across the three lines spanning all stages of the model’s life
cycle. We continue to evolve our governance model to seek to take into account any new risk considerations that may emerge
from the growing use of AI methods and applications in our models across our organization.
     Prior to being used, models are subject to independent validation and approval by our enterprise model risk management
function, a team of modelling professionals with reporting lines independent of those of the model owners, developers and users.
The validation seeks to ensure that models are sound and capable of fulfilling their intended use. In addition to independently
validating models prior to use, our enterprise model risk management function provides controls that span the life-cycle of a
model, including model change management procedures, requirements for ongoing monitoring, and annual assessments to
ensure each model continues to serve its intended purpose.

Risk control
Our enterprise-wide risk management approach is supported by a comprehensive set of risk controls that are defined in our
ERMF. The ERMF serves as the foundation for our approach to risk management and sets the expectations for the development
and communication of policies, the establishment of formal independent risk review and approval processes, and the
establishment of delegated risk approval authorities and risk limits. The ERMF is further reinforced and supported by a number of
additional Board-approved risk frameworks, various policies thereunder and a comprehensive set of risk controls. Together, our
risk frameworks and supporting policies provide direction and insight on how respective risks are identified, assessed, measured,
managed, mitigated, monitored and reported. The enterprise-wide policies are considered our minimum requirements,
articulating the parameters within which business groups and employees must operate.




64    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                                                               Enterprise Risk Policy Architecture

                                                                            Enterprise Risk Management
                                                                                    Framework


                                                 Enterprise Culture and
                                                                                                             Enterprise Risk Appetite
                                                     Conduct Risks
                                                                                                                   Framework
                                                      Framework



                                                          Information
                                         Operational                         Reputation       Regulatory         Insurance                          Liquidity
        Credit Risk     Market Risk                       Technology                                                               Capital                           Data
                                             Risk                               Risk         Compliance             Risk                              Risk
       Management       Management                            Risk                                                              Management                       Management
                                         Management                         Management       Management        Management                         Management
        Framework        Framework                        Management                                                             Framework                        Framework
                                          Framework                          Framework        Framework         Framework                          Framework
                                                           Framework




                                                            Supporting Risk-Specific Enterprise-Wide Policies (examples)


                                           Internal                                                             Insurance       Dividends
        Credit Risk                                        Information                       Privacy Risk
                         Market Risk      Controls                            Fiduciary                            Risk          & Capital          Liquidity
        Mitigation                                           Security                        Management                                                          Data Policy
                           Policy        Management                          Risk Policy                        Mitigation     Note Coupons        Risk Policy
          Policy                                              Policy                            Policy
                                            Policy                                                                Policy          Policy



                                                                    Enterprise-Wide Policies for Multiple Risk Types
                                 (e.g. Product and Suitability Risk Policy; Policy on Risk Limits and Risk Approval Authorities; Stress-Testing Policy)


                                                              Segment or Region Specific Risk Policy and Procedures


       The approval hierarchy for risk frameworks and policy documents:

                      Board of Directors or Board Committees

                      Senior Management Committees (e.g. Policy Review Committee, Operational Risk Committee, Asset Liability Committee) for most policies.
                      Board or Board Committee approval is required in some instances (e.g. RBC Code of Conduct, Dividend Policy)
                      Generally by business or Functional Unit management/committees. Group Risk Management approval is required if there are significant
                      risk implications


Delegated risk approval authorities and risk limits
Risk Appetite is designed to account for strategic and forward-looking considerations whereas delegated authorities and risk
limits are used to govern and monitor our day-to-day business activities. Risk Appetite is supported by Risk Approval Authorities
delegated by the Board to senior management which provide thresholds for escalation of exposures and transactions to the Risk
Committee of the Board for review and approval. The allocation of Risk Appetite and Board Delegated Authorities may be
supported by the establishment of management delegated authorities and/or risk limits. These authorities and limits are used to
implement risk management strategies to diversify risks, reduce unexpected losses and/or promote stability of earnings, govern
on-going operations and monitor utilization of risk limits. Excesses to Management Delegated Authorities and risk limits can act
as early warning indicators for Risk Appetite constraints and Board Delegated Authorities thus allowing for timely management
attention. Senior management can delegate some or all of their authorities onwards to others in the organization. The delegated
authorities enable the approval of single name, geographic and industry sectors, and product and portfolio exposures within
defined parameters and limits. They are also used to manage concentration risk, establish underwriting and inventory limits for
trading and investment banking activities and set market risk tolerances.

Risk review and approval processes
Risk review and approval processes provide an important control mechanism and are established by GRM based on the nature,
size and complexity of the risk involved. In general, the risk review and approval process involves a formal review and approval
by an individual, group or committee that is independent from the originator. The approval responsibilities are governed by the
Enterprise Risk Appetite Framework and delegated authorities and risk limits are based on the following categories: transactions,
projects and initiatives, and new products and services.

Risk monitoring and reporting
Enterprise and business segment level risk monitoring and internal reporting are critical components of our enterprise risk
management program and support the ability of senior management and the Board to effectively perform their risk management
and oversight responsibilities. In addition, we publish a number of external reports on risk matters to comply with regulatory
requirements. The Risk Committee of the Board receives a CRO report at each meeting that has been reviewed by senior
management, and which includes, among others, top and emerging risks, industry trends or other notable items. On a quarterly
basis, we provide our Enterprise Risk Report to senior management and the Risk Committee of the Board which includes, among
others, top and emerging risks, risk profile relative to our risk appetite, portfolio quality metrics and a range of risks we face
along with an analysis of the related issues, key trends and, when required, management actions. On an annual basis, we provide
a benchmarking review to the Board which compares our performance to peers across a variety of risk metrics and includes a
composite risk scorecard which provides an objective measure of our ranking relative to the peer group. In addition to our
regular risk monitoring, other risk-specific presentations are provided to, and discussed with, senior management and the Board
on top and emerging risks or changes in our risk profile.

 The shaded text along with the tables specifically marked with an asterisk (*) in the following sections of the MD&A represent
 our disclosures on credit, market and liquidity and funding risks in accordance with IFRS 7, Financial Instruments: Disclosures,
 and include discussion on how we measure our risks and the objectives, policies and methodologies for managing these risks.
 Therefore, these shaded text and marked tables represent an integral part of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

                                                                                       Management’s Discussion and Analysis             Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   65
     Transactional/positional risk drivers

     Credit risk

  Credit risk is the risk of loss associated with an obligor’s potential inability or unwillingness to fulfill its contractual obligations
  on a timely basis and may arise directly from the risk of default of a primary obligor (e.g., issuer, debtor, counterparty,
  borrower or policyholder), indirectly from a secondary obligor (e.g., guarantor or reinsurer), through off-balance sheet
  exposures, contingent credit risk, associated credit risk and/or transactional risk. Credit risk includes counterparty credit risk
  arising from both trading and non-trading activities.
     The responsibility for managing credit risk is shared broadly following the three lines of defence governance model. The
allocation of the Board approved credit risk appetite is supported by the establishment of risk approval authorities and risk
limits, delegated by the Board to the President & CEO and CRO. Credit transactions in excess of these authorities must be
approved by the Risk Committee of the Board. To facilitate day-to-day business activities, the CRO has been empowered to
further delegate credit risk approval authorities to individuals within GRM, the business segments, and functional units as
necessary.

 We balance our risk and return by setting the following objectives for the management of credit risk:
 •   Ensuring credit quality is not compromised for growth;
 •   Mitigating credit risk in transactions, relationships and portfolios;
 •   Avoiding excessive concentrations in correlated credit risks;
 •   Using our credit risk rating and scoring systems or other approved credit risk assessment or rating methodologies,
     policies and tools;
 •   Pricing appropriately for the credit risk taken;
 •   Detecting and preventing inappropriate credit risk through effective systems and controls;
 •   Applying consistent credit risk exposure measurements;
 •   Ongoing credit risk monitoring and administration;
 •   Transferring credit risk to third parties where appropriate through approved credit risk mitigation techniques (e.g., sale,
     hedging, insurance, securitization); and
 •   Avoiding activities that are inconsistent with our values, Code of Conduct or policies.

 The Enterprise Credit Risk Management Framework (ECRMF) describes the principles, methodologies, systems, roles and
 responsibilities, reports and controls that exist for managing credit risk within the enterprise. Additional supporting policies
 exist that are designed to provide further clarification of roles and responsibilities, acceptable practices, limits and key
 controls within the enterprise.

 Credit risk measurement
 We quantify credit risk at both the individual obligor and portfolio levels to manage expected credit losses and minimize
 unexpected losses to limit earnings volatility and ensure we are adequately capitalized.
      We employ a variety of risk measurement methodologies to measure and quantify credit risk for our wholesale and retail
 credit portfolios. The wholesale portfolio is comprised of businesses, sovereigns, public sector entities, banks and other
 financial institutions, as well as certain HNW individuals. The retail portfolio is comprised of residential mortgages, personal
 loans, credit cards, and small business loans. Our credit risk rating systems are designed to assess and quantify the risk
 inherent in credit activities in an accurate and consistent manner. The resulting ratings and scores are then used for both
 client- and transaction-level risk decision-making and as key inputs for our risk measurement and capital calculations.

 Measurement of economic and regulatory capital
 Economic capital, which is our internal quantification of risks, is used for limit setting. It is also used for internal capital
 adequacy and allocation of capital to the Insurance segment. Our methodology for allocating capital to our business
 segments, other than Insurance, is based on regulatory requirements. For further details, refer to the Capital management
 section.
     In measuring credit risk to determine regulatory capital, two principal approaches are available: Internal Ratings Based
 (IRB) Approach and Standardized Approach.
     The Standardized Approach applies primarily to our Caribbean banking operations and City National and is based on risk
 weights prescribed by OSFI that are used to calculate RWA for credit risk exposure.

 The IRB Approach, which applies to most of our credit risk exposures, utilizes three key parameters which form the basis of
 our credit risk measures for both regulatory and economic capital.
 •    Probability of default (PD): An estimated percentage that represents the likelihood of default within a given time period of
      an obligor for a specific rating grade or for a particular pool of exposure.
 •    Exposure at default (EAD): An amount expected to be owed by an obligor at the time of default.
 •    Loss given default (LGD): An estimated percentage of EAD that is not expected to be recovered during the collections and
      recovery process.
      These parameters are determined based primarily on historical experience from internal credit risk rating systems in
 accordance with supervisory standards.
      Each credit facility is assigned an LGD rate that is largely driven by factors that impact the extent of losses anticipated in
 the event the obligor defaults. These factors mainly include seniority of debt, collateral and the industry sector in which the
 obligor operates. Estimated LGD rates draw primarily on internal loss experiences. Where we have limited internal loss data,
 we also refer to appropriate external data to supplement the estimation process. LGD rates are estimated to reflect
 conditions that might be expected to prevail in a period of an economic downturn, with additional conservatism added to
 reflect data limitations and statistical uncertainties identified in the estimation process.



66      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
     EAD is estimated based on the current exposure to the obligor and the possible future changes in that exposure driven by
factors such as the nature of the credit commitment. As with LGD, rates are estimated to reflect an economic downturn, with
added conservatism to reflect data and statistical uncertainties identified in the modelling process.
     Estimates of PD, LGD and EAD are reviewed, and then validated and back-tested by an independent validation team
within the bank, on an annual basis. In addition, quarterly monitoring and back-testing is performed by the estimation team.
These ratings and risk measurements are used to determine our expected losses as well as economic and regulatory capital,
setting of risk limits, portfolio management and product pricing.

Financial and regulatory measurement distinctions
Expected loss models are used for both regulatory capital and accounting purposes. Under both models, expected losses are
calculated as the product of PD, LGD and EAD. However, there are certain key differences under current Basel and IFRS
reporting frameworks which could lead to significantly different expected loss estimates, including:
•   Basel PDs are based on long-run averages over an entire economic cycle. IFRS PDs are based on current conditions,
    adjusted for estimates of future conditions that will impact PD under probability-weighted macroeconomic scenarios.
•   Basel PDs consider the probability of default over the next 12 months. IFRS PDs consider the probability of default over
    the next 12 months only for instruments in stage 1. Expected credit losses for instruments in stage 2 are calculated using
    lifetime PDs.
•   Basel LGDs are based on severe but plausible downturn economic conditions. IFRS LGDs are based on current conditions,
    adjusted for estimates of future conditions that will impact LGD under probability-weighted macroeconomic scenarios.
    For further details, refer to the Critical accounting policies and estimates section.

Gross credit risk exposure
Gross credit risk is categorized as i) lending-related and other credit risk or ii) trading-related credit risk; and is calculated
based on the Basel III framework. Under this method, EAD for all lending-related and other credit transactions and trading-
related repo-style transactions is calculated before taking into account any collateral and is inclusive of an estimate of
potential future changes to that credit exposure. EAD for derivatives is calculated inclusive of collateral in accordance with
regulatory guidelines.

Lending-related and other credit risk includes:
•   Loans and acceptances outstanding, undrawn commitments, and other exposures, including contingent liabilities such as
    letters of credit and guarantees, debt securities carried at FVOCI or amortized cost and deposits with financial
    institutions. Undrawn commitments represent an estimate of the contractual amount that may be drawn upon at the time
    of default of an obligor.

Trading-related credit risk includes:
•   Repo-style transactions, which include repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending and
    borrowing transactions. For repo-style transactions, gross exposure represents the amount at which securities were
    initially financed, before taking collateral into account.
•   Derivative amounts which represent the credit equivalent amount, as defined by OSFI as the replacement cost plus an
    add-on amount for potential future credit exposure, scaled by a regulatory factor. For further details on replacement cost
    and credit equivalent amounts, refer to Note 9 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.

Credit risk assessment
Wholesale credit risk
The wholesale credit risk rating system is designed to measure the credit risk inherent in our wholesale credit activities.
     Each obligor is assigned a borrower risk rating (BRR), reflecting an assessment of the credit quality of the obligor. Each
BRR has a PD calibrated against it. The BRR differentiates the riskiness of an obligor and represents our evaluation of the
obligor’s ability and willingness to meet its contractual obligations on time over a three year time horizon. The assignment of
BRRs is based on the evaluation of the obligor’s business risk and financial risk through fundamental credit analysis, as well
as data-driven modelling. The determination of the PD associated with each BRR relies primarily on internal default history
since 2006. PD estimates are designed to be a long-run average of our experience across the economic cycle in accordance
with regulatory guidelines.
     Our rating system is designed to stratify obligors into 22 grades. The following table aligns the relative rankings of our
22-grade internal risk ratings with the external ratings used by S&P and Moody’s.




                                                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   67
                     Internal ratings map*                                                                                       Table 41

                                                   PD Bands
                  Ratings Business and Bank                       Sovereign               BRR       S&P       Moody’s       Description
                      1        0.0000% – 0.0300% 0.0000% – 0.0150%                         1+       AAA          Aaa
                      2        0.0000% – 0.0300% 0.0151% – 0.0250%                         1H       AA+          Aa1
                      3        0.0000% – 0.0350% 0.0251% – 0.0350%                         1M       AA           Aa2
                      4                      0.0351% – 0.0450%                             1L       AA-          Aa3
                      5                      0.0451% – 0.0550%                            2+H       A+            A1
                                                                                                                          Investment Grade
                      6                      0.0551% – 0.0650%                            2+M        A            A2
                      7                      0.0651% – 0.0750%                            2+L       A-            A3
                      8                      0.0751% – 0.0850%                             2H      BBB+          Baa1
                      9                      0.0851% – 0.1000%                             2M      BBB           Baa2
                      10                     0.1001% – 0.1770%                             2L      BBB-          Baa3
                      11                     0.1771% – 0.3705%                            2-H       BB+           Ba1
                      12                     0.3706% – 0.7065%                            2-M       BB           Ba2
                      13                     0.7066% – 1.1600%                             2-L      BB-          Ba3
                      14                     1.1601% – 1.6810%                            3+H       B+            B1
                      15                     1.6811% – 2.3490%                            3+M        B            B2      Non-investment
                      16                     2.3491% – 4.4040%                            3+L        B-           B3          Grade
                      17                     4.4041% – 7.0010%                             3H      CCC+          Caa1
                      18                    7.0011% – 13.1760%                             3M      CCC           Caa2
                      19                    13.1761% – 24.9670%                            3L      CCC-          Caa3
                      20                    24.9671% – 99.9990%                             4       CC            Ca
                      21                              100%                                  5         D               C
                      22                              100%                                  6         D               C      Impaired
                 *     This table represents an integral part of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.


Counterparty credit risk
Counterparty credit risk is the risk that a party with whom the bank has entered into a financial or non-financial contract will fail
to fulfill its contractual agreement and default on its obligation. It incorporates not only the contract’s current value, but also
considers how that value can move as market conditions change. Counterparty credit risk usually arises from trading-related
derivative and repo-style transactions. Derivative transactions include forwards, futures, swaps and options, and can have
underlying references that are either financial (e.g., interest rate, foreign exchange, credit, or equity) or non-financial (e.g.,
precious metal and commodities). For further details on our derivative instruments and credit risk mitigation, refer to Note 9 of
our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
     Trading counterparty credit activities are undertaken in a manner consistent with the relevant requirements under the
ECRMF and the Enterprise Market Risk Management Framework (EMRMF), in line with our credit risk management policy
documents and with approval in accordance with the appropriate delegated authorities.
     The primary risk mitigation techniques for trading counterparty credit risk are close-out netting and collateralization.
Close-out netting considers the net value of contractual obligations between counterparties in a default situation, thereby
reducing overall credit exposure. Collateralization is when a borrower pledges assets as security, which provides recourse to the
lender in the event of default. The policies that we maintain in relation to the recognition of risk mitigation from these techniques
incorporate such considerations as:
•    The use of standardized agreements such as the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreement and
     Credit Support Annex;
•    Restricting eligible collateral to high quality liquid assets, primarily cash and highly-rated government securities, subject to
     appropriate haircuts; and
•    The use of initial margin and variation margin arrangements in accordance with regulatory requirements and internal risk
     standards.
     Similarly, for securities finance and repurchase trading activity we mitigate counterparty credit risk via the use of
standardized securities finance agreements, and by taking collateral generally in the form of eligible liquid securities.
     We also mitigate counterparty credit risk through the use of central counterparties (CCPs). These highly-regulated entities
intermediate trades between participating bilateral counterparties and mitigate credit risk through the use of initial and
variation margin and the ability to net offsetting trades amongst participants. The specific structure and capitalization, including
contingent capital arrangements, of individual CCPs are analyzed as part of assigning an internal counterparty credit risk rating
and determining appropriate counterparty credit risk limits.




68    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Wrong-way risk
Wrong-way risk is the risk that exposure to a counterparty is adversely correlated with the credit quality of that counterparty.
There are two types of wrong-way risk:
•   Specific wrong-way risk, which exists when our exposure to a particular counterparty is positively correlated with the PD of
    the counterparty due to the nature of our transactions with them (e.g., loans collateralized by shares or debt issued by the
    counterparty or a related party). Specific wrong-way risk over-the-counter (OTC) derivative trades are done on an exception
    basis only, and are permitted only when explicitly pre-approved by GRM. Factors considered in reviewing such trades include
    the credit quality of the counterparty, the nature of the asset(s) underlying the derivative and the existence of credit
    mitigation.
•   General wrong-way risk, which exists when there is a positive correlation between the PD of the counterparties and general
    macroeconomic or market factors. This typically occurs with derivatives (e.g., the size of the exposure increases) or with
    collateralized transactions (e.g., the value of the collateral declines). We monitor general wrong-way counterparty credit risk
    using a variety of metrics including stress scenarios, investment strategy concentration, the ability of counterparties to
    generate cash and liquidity, liquidity of the collateral and terms of financing.

 Retail credit risk
 Credit scoring is the primary risk rating system for assessing obligor and transaction risk for retail exposures. Scoring models
 use internal and external data to assess and score borrowers, predict future performance and manage limits for existing loans
 and collection activities. Credit scores are one of the factors employed in the acquisition of new clients and management of
 existing clients. The credit score of the borrower is used to assess the predicted credit risk for each independent acquisition
 or account management action, leading to an automated decision or guidance for an adjudicator. Credit scoring improves
 credit decision quality, adjudication timeframes and consistency in the credit decision process and facilitates risk-based
 pricing. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we adapted our retail credit risk methodology by enhancing our product
 level credit strategies with advanced analytics and portfolio monitoring.
      To arrive at a retail risk rating, borrower scores are categorized and associated with PDs for further grouping into risk
 rating categories. The following table maps PD bands to various summarized risk levels for retail exposures:


                      Internal ratings map*                                                                                        Table 42

                                            PD bands                                                       Description
                                       0.030% – 3.844%                                                        Low risk
                                       3.845% – 6.786%                                                     Medium risk
                                       6.787% – 99.99%                                                        High risk
                                              100%                                                      Impaired/Default
                  *      This table represents an integral part of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.


Credit risk mitigation
 We seek to reduce our exposure to credit risk through a variety of means, including the structuring of transactions and the
 use of collateral.

 Structuring of transactions
 Specific credit policies and procedures set out the requirements for structuring transactions. Risk mitigants include the use
 of guarantees, collateral, seniority, LTV requirements and covenants. Product-specific guidelines set out appropriate
 product structuring as well as client and guarantor criteria.

 Collateral
 When we advance credit, we often require obligors to pledge collateral as security. The extent of risk mitigation provided by
 collateral depends on the amount, type and quality of the collateral taken. Specific requirements relating to collateral
 valuation and management are set out in our credit risk management policies.
      The types of collateral used to secure credit or trading facilities within the bank are varied. For example, our securities
 financing and collateralized OTC derivatives activities are primarily secured by cash and highly-rated liquid government and
 agency securities. Wholesale lending to business clients is often secured by pledges of the assets of the business, such as
 accounts receivable, inventory, operating assets and commercial real estate. In Canadian Banking and Wealth Management,
 collateral typically consists of a pledge over a real estate property, or a portfolio of debt securities and equities trading on a
 recognized exchange.
 •    We employ a risk-based approach to property valuation. Property valuation methods include automated valuation
      models (AVM) and appraisals. An AVM is a tool that estimates the value of a property by reference to market data
      including sales of comparable properties and price trends specific to the Metropolitan Statistical Area in which the
      property being valued is located. Using a risk-based approach, we also employ appraisals which can include drive-by or
      full on-site appraisals.
 •    We continue to actively manage our entire mortgage portfolio and perform stress testing, based on a combination of
      increasing unemployment, rising interest rates and a downturn in real estate markets.
 •    We are compliant with regulatory requirements that govern residential mortgage underwriting practices, including LTV
      parameters and property valuation requirements.
      There were no significant changes regarding our risk management policies on collateral or to the quality of the collateral
 held during the period.




                                                                             Management’s Discussion and Analysis       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   69
 Credit risk approval
 The Board, GE, GRC and other senior management committees work together to ensure the ECRMF and supporting policies,
 processes and procedures exist to manage credit risk and approve related credit risk limits. Reports are provided to the
 Board, the GRC, and senior executives to keep them informed of our risk profile, including significant credit risk issues, shifts
 in exposures and trending information, to ensure appropriate and timely actions can be taken where necessary. Our
 enterprise-wide credit risk policies set out the minimum requirements for the management of credit risk in a variety of
 borrower, transactional and portfolio management contexts.

 Transaction approval
 Credit transactions are governed by our RBC Enterprise Policy on Risk Limits and Risk Approval Authorities that captures the
 limits delegated to management and the credit rules policy, which outlines the minimum standards for managing credit risk
 at the individual client relationship and/or transaction level. The credit rules policy is further supported by business and/or
 product-specific policies and guidelines as appropriate. Transaction approvals are subject to delegated risk approval
 authorities. If a transaction exceeds senior management’s authorities, the approval of the Risk Committee of the Board is
 required.

 Product approval
 Proposals for credit products and services are comprehensively reviewed and approved under a risk assessment framework
 and are subject to risk approval authorities which increase as the level of risk increases. New and amended products must
 be reviewed relative to all risk drivers, including credit risk. All existing products must be reviewed following a risk-based
 assessment approach on a regular basis.

 Credit risk limits
 •   The allocation of risk appetite and Board delegated authorities are supported by the establishment of risk limits which
     take into account both regulatory constraints and internal risk management judgment. Risk limits are established at the
     following levels: single name limits, regional, country and industrial sector limits (notional and economic capital),
     regulatory large exposure limits, product and portfolio limits, and underwriting and distribution risk limits. These limits
     apply across all businesses, portfolios, transactions and products.
 •   We actively manage credit exposures and limits to ensure alignment with our risk appetite, to maintain our target
     business mix and to ensure that there is no undue concentration risk.
     •    Concentration risk is defined as the risk arising from large exposures that are highly correlated such that their
          ability to meet contractual obligations could be similarly affected by changes in economic, political or other risk
          drivers.
     •    Credit concentration limits are reviewed on a regular basis after taking into account business, economic, financial
          and regulatory environments.

Credit risk administration
Loan forbearance
In our overall management of borrower relationships, economic or legal reasons may necessitate forbearance to certain clients
with respect to the original terms and conditions of their loans. We have specialized groups and formalized policies that direct
the management of high risk, delinquent or defaulted borrowers. We strive to identify borrowers in financial difficulty early and
modify their loan terms to minimize losses and assist clients in need. A forbearance agreement may be entered into with the
borrower where we will forbear from enforcing on security in exchange for concessions made by the borrower. In these
circumstances, a borrower may be granted concessions that would not otherwise be considered. Examples of such concessions
to retail borrowers may include rate reduction, payment deferral and term extensions. Concessions to wholesale borrowers may
include payment deferral, restructuring the agreements, modifying the original terms of the agreement and/or relaxation of
covenants. For both retail and wholesale loans, the appropriate remediation techniques are based on the individual borrower’s
situation, our policy and the client’s willingness and capacity to meet the new arrangement.




70    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Credit risk exposure by portfolio, sector and geography
The following table presents our credit risk exposures under the Basel regulatory defined classes and reflects EAD. The
classification of our sectors aligns with our view of credit risk by industry.

      Credit risk exposure by portfolio, sector and geography                                                                                                                                               Table 43
                                                                                                                         As at

                                                                            October 31                                                                                 October 31
                                                                              2022                                                                                       2021
                                               Credit risk (1), (2)               Counterparty credit risk (5)                            Credit risk (1), (2)               Counterparty credit risk (5)
                                                        Off-balance sheet                                                                          Off-balance sheet
                                                            amount (3)                                                                                amount (3)
                                       On-balance                                   Repo-style                         Total       On-balance                                  Repo-style                         Total
(Millions of Canadian dollars)       sheet amount       Undrawn       Other (4)   transactions      Derivatives     exposure     sheet amount     Undrawn        Other (4)   transactions    Derivatives       exposure

Retail
  Residential secured (6) $             393,346 $ 107,604 $                 –     $          – $             – $   500,950       $   362,793 $      96,609 $           –      $          –   $         – $     459,402
  Qualifying revolving (7)               32,474    94,949                   –                –               –     127,423            30,080        90,932             –                 –             –       121,012
  Other retail                           98,070    19,993                 136                –               –     118,199            85,362        19,422           146                 –             –       104,930
  Total retail                   $      523,890 $ 222,546 $               136     $          – $             – $   746,572       $   478,235 $ 206,963 $             146      $          –   $         – $     685,344
Wholesale
 Agriculture             $               10,417 $         2,089 $          36     $         – $           161 $     12,703       $     9,400 $       1,756 $          30      $         –    $       84 $       11,270
 Automotive                               8,919           9,184           317               –           1,606       20,026             6,288         9,184           173                –         1,124         16,769
 Banking (8)                             73,335           5,487         1,036         111,559          38,830      230,247            45,906         4,545           765          117,996        30,888        200,100
 Consumer discretionary                  19,666           9,297           569               –             949       30,481            14,792         9,380           573                –           698         25,443
 Consumer staples                         7,103           6,750           346               –           1,923       16,122             6,254         6,949           180                –         1,058         14,441
 Oil and gas                              6,086          11,272         1,923               –           5,959       25,240             5,678        10,328         1,474                –         7,493         24,973
 Financial services                      45,394          25,017         3,530          69,790          24,546      168,277            32,977        19,252         2,623           64,593        16,262        135,707
 Financing products (8)                   5,762           2,352           163             237             780        9,294             7,868         2,405           485              388           848         11,994
 Forest products                          1,143           1,033           230               –              78        2,484               969           991           201                –            17          2,178
 Governments (8)                        279,401           5,678         1,563          18,745           6,290      311,677           287,806         4,794         1,533           23,536         5,692        323,361
 Industrial products                     10,755           9,319           601               –           1,216       21,891             7,308         8,933           594                –           811         17,646
 Information technology                   5,291           7,144           298              55           1,908       14,696             3,591         5,715           237               49         5,447         15,039
 Investments                             23,764           3,946           669             157             458       28,994            22,238         3,201           412               12           174         26,037
 Mining and metals                        2,377           4,259           945               –             467        8,048               993         3,730           952                –           237          5,912
 Public works and
   infrastructure                         2,614           2,417           497                –            144        5,672             1,427         1,963           391                –           239          4,020
 Real estate and related                 89,926          18,295         1,872                –            818      110,911            76,141        14,223         1,568                –         1,176         93,108
 Other services                          27,839          13,425         2,848               33            852       44,997            23,872        13,362         1,860               47         1,316         40,457
 Telecommunication
   and media                              7,301           8,298            79                –          2,751        18,429            5,294         9,748           598                 –        1,976         17,616
 Transportation                           6,394           6,386           930                –          2,069        15,779            6,151         6,832         1,319                 –        1,426         15,728
 Utilities                               12,318          20,651         5,275                –          5,081        43,325            9,059        17,152         4,131                 –        4,464         34,806
 Other sectors                            4,113           1,700            71               73         20,126        26,083            3,084         1,139             7                 7        6,960         11,197
  Total wholesale                $      649,918 $ 173,999 $ 23,798                $ 200,649 $ 117,012 $ 1,165,376                $   577,096 $ 155,582 $ 20,106               $ 206,628      $ 88,390 $ 1,047,802
  Total exposure (1)             $ 1,173,808 $ 396,545 $ 23,934                   $ 200,649 $ 117,012 $ 1,911,948                $ 1,055,331 $ 362,545 $ 20,252               $ 206,628      $ 88,390 $ 1,733,146
By geography (9)
  Canada                         $      697,015 $ 284,705 $ 9,444                 $      79,795 $      41,923 $ 1,112,882        $   693,700 $ 264,708 $           9,141      $     88,523   $ 27,978 $ 1,084,050
  U.S.                                  334,821    79,829   10,145                       59,866        24,161     508,822            245,929    69,295             7,866            54,617     27,270     404,977
  Europe                                 79,343    25,485    2,603                       39,244        36,107     182,782             62,509    22,667             1,991            42,483     25,757     155,407
  Other International                    62,629     6,526    1,742                       21,744        14,821     107,462             53,193     5,875             1,254            21,005      7,385      88,712
  Total exposure (1)             $ 1,173,808 $ 396,545 $ 23,934                   $ 200,649 $ 117,012 $ 1,911,948                $ 1,055,331 $ 362,545 $ 20,252               $ 206,628      $ 88,390 $ 1,733,146

(1)     Excludes securitization, banking book equities and other assets not subject to the standardized or IRB approach as well as exposures acquired through the U.S.
        government Paycheck Protection Program.
(2)     EAD for standardized exposures are reported net of allowance for impaired assets and EAD for IRB exposures are reported gross of all ACL and partial write-offs as per
        regulatory definitions.
(3)     EAD for undrawn credit commitments and other off-balance sheet amounts are reported after the application of credit conversion factors.
(4)     Includes other off-balance sheet exposures such as letters of credit and guarantees.
(5)     Counterparty credit risk EAD reflects exposure amounts after netting. Collateral is included in EAD for repo-style transactions to the extent allowed by regulatory
        guidelines. Exchange traded derivatives are included in Other sectors.
(6)     Includes residential mortgages and home equity lines of credit.
(7)     Includes credit cards, unsecured lines of credit and overdraft protection products.
(8)     Comparative amounts have been reclassified from those previously presented.
(9)     Geographic profile is based on country of residence of the borrower.


2022 vs. 2021
Total credit risk exposure increased $179 billion or 10% from last year, primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange
translation, volume growth in loans and undrawn commitments in our retail and wholesale portfolios, higher derivative
exposures and an increase in securities.




                                                                                                         Management’s Discussion and Analysis               Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022                 71
      Net International exposure by region and client type (1), (2)                                                                                                      Table 44
                                                                                                               As at
                                                                                                  October 31                                                              October 31
                                                                                                    2022                                                                    2021
                                                                  Asset type                                             Client type
                                                Loans                        Repo-style
(Millions of Canadian dollars)            Outstanding     Securities (3)   transactions Derivatives         Financials     Sovereign      Corporate             Total            Total

Europe (excluding U.K.)                   $ 14,832 $ 38,187 $                  1,408 $ 3,326             $ 18,746 $ 25,896 $ 13,111 $ 57,753 $ 49,893
U.K.                                         8,332   26,926                      597   4,094               17,374   14,198    8,377   39,949   34,075
Caribbean (4)                                8,524   10,594                      455     115                7,605    3,913    8,170   19,688   20,945
Asia-Pacific                                 6,817   26,031                      941   1,549               11,017   19,392    4,929   35,338   27,871
Other (4), (5)                                 596    1,990                      390      67                  574    1,833      636    3,043    2,547
Net International
 exposure (6), (7)                        $ 39,101 $ 103,728 $                 3,791 $ 9,151             $ 55,316 $ 65,232 $ 35,223 $ 155,771 $ 135,331
(1)     Geographic profile is based on country of risk, which reflects our assessment of the geographic risk associated with a given exposure. Typically, this is the residence of
        the borrower.
(2)     Exposures are calculated on a fair value basis and net of collateral, which includes $357 billion against repo-style transactions (October 31, 2021 – $349 billion) and
        $14 billion against derivatives (October 31, 2021 – $11 billion).
(3)     Securities include $13 billion of trading securities (October 31, 2021 – $22 billion), $56 billion of deposits (October 31, 2021 – $34 billion), and $35 billion of investment
        securities (October 31, 2021 – $33 billion).
(4)     Exposures to Latin America, previously reported with Caribbean exposures, are now presented in Other. Comparative period amounts have been reclassified to conform
        to this presentation.
(5)     Includes exposures in the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America.
(6)     Excludes $5,213 million (October 31, 2021 – $3,076 million) of exposures to supranational agencies.
(7)     Reflects $2,233 million of mitigation through credit default swaps, which are largely used to hedge single name exposures and market risk (October 31, 2021 – $1,499 million).




72        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Residential mortgages and home equity lines of credit (insured vs. uninsured) (1)
Residential mortgages and home equity lines of credit are secured by residential properties. The following table presents a
breakdown by geographic region.

                 Residential mortgages and home equity lines of credit                                                                             Table 45
                                                                                                As at October 31, 2022

                                                                                                                                           Home equity
                                                                               Residential mortgages                                   lines of credit (3)
           (Millions of Canadian dollars,
           except percentage amounts)                         Insured (2)                    Uninsured                      Total                       Total
           Region (4)
           Canada
             Atlantic provinces                         $    8,460       46%        $    10,052         54%        $       18,512           $     1,659
             Quebec                                         12,444       29              30,623         71                 43,067                 3,300
             Ontario                                        31,409       17             156,700         83                188,109                17,009
             Alberta                                        19,663       47              22,154         53                 41,817                 4,923
             Saskatchewan and
               Manitoba                                      8,847 43                    11,808         57                 20,655                 1,940
             B.C. and territories                           12,290 17                    59,347         83                 71,637                 7,386
           Total Canada (5)                                 93,113 24                   290,684  76                       383,797                36,217
           U.S.                                                  –  –                    31,956 100                        31,956                 1,776
           Other International                                   –  –                     3,043 100                         3,043                 1,621
           Total International                                      –      –             34,999 100                        34,999                 3,397
           Total                                        $ 93,113 22%                $ 325,683           78%        $ 418,796                $ 39,614


                                                                                                 As at October 31, 2021

                                                                                                                                             Home equity
                                                                               Residential mortgages                                     lines of credit (3)
           (Millions of Canadian dollars,
           except percentage amounts)                         Insured (2)                     Uninsured                     Total                       Total
           Region (4)
           Canada
             Atlantic provinces                         $    8,407       48%        $     8,944          52%       $       17,351           $     1,602
             Quebec                                         12,742       32              27,567          68                40,309                 3,135
             Ontario                                        34,211       20             135,767          80               169,978                15,891
             Alberta                                        20,680       50              20,821          50                41,501                 5,343
             Saskatchewan and
               Manitoba                                      9,179       46               10,714         54                19,893                  1,970
             B.C. and territories                           13,314       20               51,823         80                65,137                  7,383
           Total Canada (5)                                 98,533       28             255,636         72                354,169                35,324
           U.S.                                                  1        –              23,422        100                 23,423                 1,413
           Other International                                   –        –               2,740        100                  2,740                 1,518
           Total International                                      1      –              26,162       100                 26,163                  2,931
           Total                                        $ 98,534         26%        $   281,798          74%       $      380,332           $    38,255
           (1)     Disclosure is provided in accordance with the requirements of OSFI’s Guideline B-20 (Residential Mortgage Underwriting Practices and
                   Procedures).
           (2)     Insured residential mortgages are mortgages whereby our exposure to default is mitigated by insurance through the Canadian
                   Mortgage and Housing Corporation or other private mortgage default insurers.
           (3)     Includes $39,591 million and $23 million of uninsured and insured home equity lines of credit, respectively (October 31, 2021 –
                   $38,228 million and $27 million, respectively), reported within the personal loan category. The amounts in the U.S. and Other
                   International include term loans collateralized by residential mortgages.
           (4)     Region is based upon the address of the property mortgaged. The Atlantic provinces are comprised of Newfoundland and Labrador,
                   Prince Edward Island, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, and B.C. and territories are comprised of British Columbia, Nunavut, Northwest
                   Territories and Yukon.
           (5)     Total consolidated residential mortgages in Canada of $384 billion (October 31, 2021 – $354 billion) includes $12 billion (October 31,
                   2021 – $11 billion) of mortgages with commercial clients in Canadian Banking, of which $9 billion (October 31, 2021 – $8 billion) are
                   insured mortgages, and $17 billion (October 31, 2021 – $19 billion) of residential mortgages in Capital Markets, of which $17 billion
                   (October 31, 2021 – $18 billion) are held for securitization purposes. All of the residential mortgages held for securitization purposes are
                   insured (October 31, 2021 – all insured).




                                                                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis         Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   73
Residential mortgages portfolio by amortization period (1)
The following table provides a summary of the percentage of residential mortgages that fall within the remaining amortization
periods based upon current customer payment amounts, which incorporate payments larger than the minimum contractual
amount and/or higher frequency of payments.

                   Residential mortgages portfolio by amortization period                                                                      Table 46
                                                                                                        As at
                                                                           October 31                                         October 31
                                                                             2022                                                2021
                                                                        U.S. and other                                      U.S. and other
                                                         Canada          International           Total       Canada          International          Total
             Amortization period
              ≤ 25 years                                      57%                     25%         54%             75%                    27%         71%
              > 25 years ≤ 30 years                           16                      75          21              25                     71          28
              > 30 years ≤ 35 years                            2                       –           2               –                      2           1
              > 35 years                                      25                       –          23               –                      –           –
             Total                                          100%                    100%        100%             100%                   100%       100%
             (1)     Disclosure is provided in accordance with the requirements of OSFI’s Guideline B-20 (Residential Mortgage Underwriting Practices and
                     Procedures).


Average LTV ratios (1)
The following table provides a summary of our average LTV ratios for newly originated and acquired uninsured residential
mortgages and RBC Homeline Plan® products by geographic region, as well as the respective LTV ratios for our total Canadian
Banking residential mortgage portfolio outstanding.

                   Average LTV ratios                                                                                                          Table 47
                                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                            October 31                                         October 31
                                                                             2022                                               2021
                                                                           Uninsured                                          Uninsured
                                                           Residential             RBC Homeline                  Residential          RBC Homeline
                                                          mortgages (2)         Plan® products (3)              mortgages (2)      Plan® products (3)
             Average of newly originated
               and acquired for the period,
               by region (4)
               Atlantic provinces                                      72%                         73%                    74%                        75%
               Quebec                                                  72                          72                     72                         74
               Ontario                                                 70                          66                     71                         68
               Alberta                                                 73                          73                     73                         72
               Saskatchewan and Manitoba                               73                          75                     74                         75
               B.C. and territories                                    68                          66                     69                         67
               U.S.                                                    75                        n.m.                     74                       n.m.
               Other International                                     72                        n.m.                     73                       n.m.
             Average of newly originated
               and acquired for the
               period (5), (6)                                         71%                         68%                    72%                         69%
             Total Canadian Banking
               residential mortgages
               portfolio (7)                                           52%                         46%                    52%                         46%
             (1)     Disclosure is provided in accordance with the requirements of OSFI’s Guideline B-20 (Residential Mortgage Underwriting Practices and
                     Procedures).
             (2)     Residential mortgages exclude residential mortgages within the RBC Homeline Plan® products.
             (3)     RBC Homeline Plan® products are comprised of both residential mortgages and home equity lines of credit.
             (4)     Region is based upon address of the property mortgaged. The Atlantic provinces are comprised of Newfoundland and Labrador, Prince
                     Edward Island, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, and B.C. and territories are comprised of British Columbia, Nunavut, Northwest
                     Territories and Yukon.
             (5)     The average LTV ratio for newly originated and acquired uninsured residential mortgages and RBC Homeline Plan® products is calculated
                     on a weighted basis by mortgage amounts at origination.
             (6)     For newly originated mortgages and RBC Homeline Plan® products, LTV is calculated based on the total facility amount for the residential
                     mortgage and RBC Homeline Plan® product divided by the value of the related residential property.
             (7)     Weighted by mortgage balances and adjusted for property values based on the Teranet – National Bank National Composite House Price
                     Index.
             n.m.    not meaningful




74    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Credit quality performance
The following credit quality performance tables and analysis provide information on loans, which represents loans, acceptances
and commitments, and other financial assets.

                         Gross impaired loans (GIL)                                                                                     Table 48
                                                                                                                       As at and for the year ended
                                                                                                                        October 31           October 31
                   (Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                              2022              2021
                         Personal & Commercial Banking                                                                 $ 1,362           $ 1,590
                         Wealth Management                                                                                 278               233
                         Capital Markets                                                                                   559               485
                   Total GIL                                                                                           $ 2,199           $ 2,308
                   Impaired loans, beginning balance                                                                   $ 2,308           $ 3,195
                     Classified as impaired during the period (new impaired) (1)                                         1,711             1,726
                     Net repayments (1)                                                                                   (450)             (721)
                     Amounts written off                                                                                (1,149)           (1,169)
                     Other (2)                                                                                            (221)             (723)
                   Impaired loans, balance at end of period                                                            $ 2,199           $ 2,308
                   GIL as a % of related loans and acceptances
                   Total GIL as a % of related loans and acceptances                                                      0.26%                0.31%
                     Personal & Commercial Banking                                                                        0.23%                0.30%
                       Canadian Banking                                                                                   0.18%                0.24%
                       Caribbean Banking                                                                                  3.93%                4.65%
                     Wealth Management                                                                                    0.25%                0.26%
                     Capital Markets                                                                                      0.42%                0.45%
                   (1)     Certain GIL movements for Canadian Banking retail and wholesale portfolios are generally allocated to new impaired, as
                           Net repayments and certain Other movements are not reasonably determinable. Certain GIL movements for Caribbean
                           Banking retail and wholesale portfolios are generally allocated to Net repayments and new impaired, as Net repayments
                           and certain Other movements are not reasonably determinable.
                   (2)     Includes return to performing status during the period, recoveries of loans and advances previously written off, sold, and
                           foreign exchange translation and other movements.

2022 vs. 2021
Total GIL of $2,199 million decreased $109 million or 5% from last year and the total GIL ratio of 26 bps decreased 5 bps, due to
lower impaired loans in Personal & Commercial Banking, partially offset by higher impaired loans in Capital Markets and Wealth
Management.
     GIL in Personal & Commercial Banking decreased $228 million or 14%, mainly due to lower impaired loans in our Canadian
Banking commercial portfolios, largely in the real estate and related and other services sectors. Lower impaired loans in our
Canadian Banking residential mortgages portfolios also contributed to the decrease.
     GIL in Wealth Management increased $45 million or 19%, largely due to higher impaired loans in U.S. Wealth Management
(including City National), mainly in the consumer discretionary sector, partially offset by repayments in International Wealth
Management in the investment sector.
     GIL in Capital Markets increased $74 million or 15%, largely due to higher impaired loans in the real estate and related and
consumer staples sectors, partially offset by lower impaired loans in a few sectors, including the transportation sector.

                         Allowance for credit losses                                                                                    Table 49
                                                                                                                                     As at
                                                                                                                         October 31          October 31
                   (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                           2022                2021
                         Personal & Commercial Banking                                                                   $ 3,200             $ 3,478
                         Wealth Management                                                                                   382                 320
                         Capital Markets                                                                                     597                 620
                         Corporate Support and other (1)                                                                       2                   1
                   ACL on loans                                                                                             4,181              4,419
                   ACL on other financial assets (2)                                                                           33                 52
                   Total ACL                                                                                             $ 4,214             $ 4,471
                   ACL on loans is comprised of:
                     Retail                                                                                              $ 2,285             $ 2,287
                     Wholesale                                                                                             1,227               1,435
                         ACL on performing loans                                                                         $ 3,512             $ 3,722
                         ACL on impaired loans                                                                               669                 697
                   (1)     Includes PCL recorded in Corporate Support, Insurance and Investor & Treasury Services.
                   (2)     ACL on other financial assets mainly represents allowances on debt securities measured at FVOCI and amortized cost,
                           accounts receivable and financial guarantees.

2022 vs. 2021
Total ACL of $4,214 million decreased $257 million or 6% from last year, primarily reflecting a decrease of $238 million in ACL on loans.
    ACL on performing loans of $3,512 million decreased $210 million or 6%, primarily due to lower ACL in Personal & Commercial
Banking, reflecting the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by unfavourable changes in our macroeconomic
outlook in the current year.
    ACL on impaired loans of $669 million decreased $28 million or 4%, due to lower ACL in Capital Markets and Personal &
Commercial Banking, partially offset by higher ACL in Wealth Management.
                                                                                Management’s Discussion and Analysis        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   75
     Market risk

 Market risk is defined to be the impact of market prices upon our financial condition. This includes potential gains or losses
 due to changes in market determined variables such as interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, commodity prices, foreign
 exchange rates and implied volatilities.

The measures of financial condition impacted by market risk are as follows:
       1.      Positions whose revaluation gains and losses are reported in revenue, which includes:
               a) Changes in the fair value of instruments classified or designated as FVTPL, and
               b) Hedge ineffectiveness.
       2.      CET1 capital, which includes:
               a) All of the above, plus
               b) Changes in the fair value of FVOCI securities where revaluation gains and losses are reported as OCI,
               c) Changes in the Canadian dollar value of investments in foreign subsidiaries, net of hedges, due to foreign exchange
                   translation, and
               d) Changes in the fair value of employee benefit plan deficits.
       3.      CET1 ratio, which includes:
               a) All of the above, plus
               b) Changes in RWA resulting from changes in traded market risk factors, and
               c) Changes in the Canadian dollar value of RWA due to foreign exchange translation.
       4.      The economic value of the Bank, which includes:
               a) Points 1 and 2 above, plus
               b) Changes in the economic value of other non-trading positions, net interest income, and fee based income, as a
                   result of changes in market risk factors.

 Market risk controls – FVTPL positions
 As an element of the ERAF, the Board approves our overall market risk constraints. GRM creates and manages the control
 structure for FVTPL positions which ensures that business is conducted on a basis consistent with Board requirements. The
 Market and Counterparty Credit Risk function within GRM is responsible for creating and managing the controls and
 governance procedures that ensure that risk taken is consistent with risk appetite constraints set by the Board. These controls
 include limits on probabilistic measures of potential loss such as Value-at-Risk, Stressed Value-at-Risk, Incremental Risk Charge
 and stress tests as defined below:

       Value-at-Risk (VaR) is a statistical measure of potential loss for a financial portfolio computed at a given level of
       confidence and over a defined holding period. We measure VaR at the 99th percentile confidence level for price movements
       over a one-day holding period using historic simulation of the last two years of equally weighted historic market data.
       These calculations are updated daily with current risk positions, with the exception of certain less material positions that
       are not actively traded and are updated on at least a monthly basis.

       Stressed Value-at-Risk (SVaR) is calculated in an identical manner as VaR with the exception that it is computed using a
       fixed historical one-year period of extreme volatility and its inverse rather than the most recent two-year history. The
       stress period used is a one-year period covering the market volatility observed during Q2 2020. SVaR is calculated daily for
       all portfolios, with the exception of certain less material positions that are not actively traded and are updated on at least
       a monthly basis.

 VaR and SVaR are statistical estimates based on historical market data and should be interpreted with knowledge of their
 limitations, which include the following:
    •    VaR and SVaR will not be predictive of future losses if the realized market movements differ significantly from the
         historical periods used to compute them.
    •    VaR and SVaR project potential losses over a one-day holding period and do not project potential losses for risk
         positions held over longer time periods.
    •    VaR and SVaR are measured using positions at close of business and do not include the impact of trading and hedging
         activity over the course of a day.

 We validate our VaR and SVaR measures through a variety of means – including subjecting the models to vetting and
 validation by a group independent of the model developers and by back-testing the VaR against daily marked-to-market
 revenue to identify and examine events in which actual outcomes in trading revenue exceed the VaR projections.

       Incremental Risk Charge (IRC) captures the risk of losses under default or rating changes for issuers of certain traded fixed
       income instruments. IRC is measured over a one year horizon at a 99.9% confidence level, and captures different liquidity
       horizons for instruments and concentrations in issuers under a constant level of risk assumption. Changes in measured risk
       levels are primarily associated with changes in inventory from the applicable fixed income trading portfolios.

       Stress tests – Our market risk stress testing program is used to identify and control risk due to large changes in market
       prices and rates. We conduct stress testing daily on positions that are marked-to-market. The stress tests simulate both
       historical and hypothetical events which are severe and long-term in duration. Historical scenarios are taken from actual
       market events and range in duration up to 90 days. Examples include the COVID-19 Pandemic of 2020, Global Financial Crisis
       of 2008 and the Taper Tantrum of 2013. Hypothetical scenarios are designed to be forward-looking at potential future market
       stresses, and are designed to be severe but plausible. We are constantly evaluating and refining these scenarios as market
       conditions change. Stress results are calculated assuming an instantaneous revaluation of our positions with no
       management action.

76          Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
These measures are computed on all positions that are FVTPL for financial reporting purposes, with the exception of those in a
designated hedging relationship and those in our insurance businesses.

Market risk measures – FVTPL positions

      Market risk measures*                                                                                                                                                   Table 50

                                                                                 October 31, 2022                                                    October 31, 2021
                                                                                          For the year ended                                              For the year ended

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                     As at        Average             High              Low              As at        Average         High                  Low

      Equity                                                 $      45 $            34 $              51    $          21        $          24 $        20 $   38                 $        12
      Foreign exchange                                               3               4                 7                1                    4           4      6                           2
      Commodities                                                    6               5                 6                3                    3           3      4                           2
      Interest rate (1)                                             47              34                62               17                   61          44     64                          21
      Credit specific (2)                                            5               7                10                4                    9           8     11                           6
      Diversification (3)                                          (47)            (31)             n.m.             n.m.                  (51)        (35)  n.m.                        n.m.
Market risk VaR (4)                                          $       59     $         53        $    87     $         34         $         50   $       44     $        72        $       23
Market risk Stressed VaR (4)                                 $     192      $     103           $   226     $         47         $         59   $       53     $    101           $       29
*    This table represents an integral part of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
(1)  General credit spread risk and funding spread risk associated with uncollateralized derivatives are included under interest rate VaR.
(2)  Credit specific risk captures issuer-specific credit spread volatility.
(3)  Market risk VaR is less than the sum of the individual risk factor VaR results due to risk factor diversification.
(4)  The average market risk VaR and average SVaR for the year ended October 31, 2022 includes $11 million and $36 million, respectively (October 31, 2021 – $13 million and
     $15 million), related to loan underwriting commitments.
n.m. not meaningful


2022 vs. 2021
Average market risk VaR of $53 million increased $9 million from last year. This was driven by the impact of heightened market
volatility this year on our equity derivatives portfolio, partially offset by the impact of the Q2 2020 period of significant market
volatility no longer being reflected in our two-year historical VaR period.
    Average SVaR of $103 million increased $50 million, largely driven by unfavourable market conditions this year which
impacted loan underwriting commitments, and increased exposures in our fixed income portfolios.

The following chart displays a bar graph of our daily trading profit and loss and a line graph of our daily market risk VaR. We
incurred 4 days of net trading losses in 2022.

      Trading revenue (teb), (1) (2) and VaR (Millions of Canadian dollars)

             80

             60

             40

             20

              0

          -20

          -40

          -60

          -80

         -100
                       1                              22                                      2                                         22                                          22
                    02                              20                                     02                                         20                                          20
              1   ,2                           1,                                     0  ,2                                      1,                                          1,
           ov                               n3                                     r3                                       Jul3                                          t3
         N                                Ja                                     Ap                                                                                     Oc

                                                                 Trading Revenue (teb) (1) (2)                 VaR


(1)     Trading revenue (teb) amounts in the chart above have been revised from those previously presented.
(2)     Trading revenue (teb) amounts in the chart above exclude the impact of loan underwriting commitments.




                                                                                      Management’s Discussion and Analysis             Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022             77
The following chart displays the distribution of daily trading profit and loss in 2022 and 2021 with 4 days of net trading losses in
2022 as mentioned above and no net trading losses in 2021. The largest reported profit was $54 million with an average daily
profit of $16 million.

                      Trading revenue (teb), (1) (2)
                                                     90




                       Frequency in Number of Days
                                                     80
                                                     70
                                                     60
                                                     50
                                                     40
                                                     30
                                                     20
                                                     10
                                                      0
                                                                -55   -50                                       -15   -10
                                                                                                                                       5                            35
                                                                                              -30
                                                                                                                                   0                 20
                                                          -60               -45   -40   -35         -25   -20               -5             10   15        25   30        40   45   50   55   60

                                                                                         Daily net trading revenue (C$ millions), excluding structured entities

                                                                                                                            2022       2021


                (1)                   Amounts have been revised from those previously presented.
                (2)                   Trading revenue (teb) amounts in the chart above exclude the impact of loan underwriting commitments.


Market risk measures for assets and liabilities of RBC Insurance®
We offer a range of insurance products to clients and hold investments to meet the future obligations to policyholders. The
investments which support actuarial liabilities are predominantly fixed income assets designated as FVTPL. Consequently,
changes in the fair values of these assets are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income and are largely offset by
changes in the fair value of the actuarial liabilities, the impact of which is reflected in PBCAE. As at October 31, 2022, we held
assets in support of approximately $12 billion of liabilities with respect to insurance obligations (October 31, 2021 – $13 billion).

    Market risk controls – Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (IRRBB) positions1
    IRRBB arises primarily from traditional customer-originated banking products such as deposits and loans, and includes
    related hedges and interest rate risk from securities held for liquidity management purposes. Factors contributing to IRRBB
    include mismatches between asset and liability repricing dates, relative changes in asset and liability rates in response to
    market rate scenarios, and other product features affecting the expected timing of cash flows, such as options to pre-pay
    loans or redeem term deposits prior to contractual maturity. IRRBB sensitivities are regularly measured and reported, and
    subject to limits and controls with independent oversight from GRM.
         The Board approves the risk appetite for IRRBB, and the Asset-Liability Committee (ALCO) and GRM provide ongoing
    governance through IRRBB risk policies, limits, operating standards and other controls. IRRBB reports are reviewed regularly
    by GRM, ALCO, the GRC, the Risk Committee of the Board and the Board.

    IRRBB measurement
    To monitor and control IRRBB, we assess two primary metrics, Net Interest Income (NII) risk and Economic Value of Equity
    (EVE) risk, under a range of market shocks, scenarios, and time horizons. Market scenarios include currency-specific parallel
    and non-parallel yield curve changes, interest rate volatility shocks, and interest rate scenarios prescribed by regulators.
         In measuring NII risk, detailed banking book balance sheets and income statements are dynamically simulated to
    estimate the impact of market stress scenarios on projected NII. Assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet positions are
    simulated over various time horizons. The simulations incorporate maturities, renewals, and new originations along with
    prepayment and redemption behaviour. Product pricing and volumes are forecasted based on past experience to determine
    response expectations for a given market shock scenario. EVE risk captures the market value sensitivity to changes in rates. In
    measuring EVE risk, deterministic (single-scenario) and stochastic (multiple-scenario) valuation techniques are applied to
    spot position data. NII and EVE risks are measured for a range of market risk stress scenarios which include extreme but
    plausible changes in market rates and volatilities. IRRBB measures assume continuation of existing hedge strategies.
         Management of NII and EVE risk is complementary and supports our efforts to generate a sustainable high-quality NII
    stream. NII and EVE risks for specific units are measured daily, weekly or monthly depending on materiality, complexity and
    hedge strategy.
         A number of assumptions affecting cash flows, product re-pricing and the administration of rates underlie the models
    used to measure NII and EVE risk. The key assumptions pertain to the projected funding date of mortgage rate commitments,
    fixed-rate loan prepayment behaviour, term deposit redemption behaviour, and the term and rate profile of non-maturity
    deposits. All assumptions are derived empirically based on historical client behaviour and product pricing with consideration
    of possible forward-looking changes. All models and assumptions used to measure IRRBB are subject to independent
    oversight by GRM.

    Market risk measures – IRRBB Sensitivities
    The following table shows the potential before-tax impact of an immediate and sustained 100 bps increase or decrease in
    interest rates on projected 12-month NII and EVE, assuming no subsequent hedging. Rate floors are applied within the
    declining rate scenarios to prevent EVE valuation and NII simulation market rate levels from falling below a minimum average
    level of negative 25 bps across major currencies. Interest rate risk measures are based on current on and off-balance sheet
    positions which can change over time in response to business activity and management actions.




1     IRRBB positions include the impact of derivatives in hedge accounting relationships and FVOCI securities used for interest rate risk management.

78      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022                                        Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Market risk – IRRBB measures*                                                                                                                                     Table 51
                                                                                               October 31                                                      October 31
                                                                                                  2022                                                            2021
                                                                          EVE risk                                       NII risk (1)

                                                             Canadian    U.S. dollar                         Canadian     U.S. dollar
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                           dollar impact      impact             Total     dollar impact       impact           Total          EVE risk    NII risk (1)

Before-tax impact of:
 100 bps increase in rates                               $   (1,332) $       (568) $       (1,900)         $    547 $          234 $          781 $ (2,009) $ 929
 100 bps decrease in rates                                    1,269           440           1,709              (598)          (241)          (839)   1,537    (921)
*      This table represents an integral part of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
(1)    Represents the 12-month NII exposure to an instantaneous and sustained shift in interest rates.


As at October 31, 2022, an immediate and sustained -100 bps shock would have had a negative impact to our NII of $839 million,
down from $921 million last year, and an immediate and sustained +100 bps shock would have had a negative impact to our EVE
of $1,900 million, down from $2,009 million last year. Both the year-over-year change in NII and EVE sensitivity reflect additional
hedging activity. The impact of hedging activity on the EVE sensitivity was more than offset by the impact of a higher rate
environment. During 2022, NII and EVE risks remained within approved limits.

Market risk measures for other material non-trading portfolios
Investment securities carried at FVOCI
We held $93 billion of investment securities carried at FVOCI as at October 31, 2022, compared to $78 billion at the end of the prior
year. We hold debt securities carried at FVOCI primarily as investments, as well as to manage liquidity risk and hedge interest
rate risk in our non-trading banking balance sheet. As at October 31, 2022, our portfolio of investment securities carried at FVOCI
is interest rate sensitive and would impact OCI by a pre-tax change in value of $6 million as measured by the change in the value
of the securities for a one basis point parallel increase in yields. The portfolio also exposes us to credit spread risk of a pre-tax
change in value of $16 million, as measured by the change in value for a one basis point widening of credit spreads. The value of
the investment securities carried at FVOCI included in our IRRBB measures as at October 31, 2022 was $90 billion. Our investment
securities carried at FVOCI also include equity exposures of $1 billion as at October 31, 2022, compared to $1 billion at the end of
the prior year.

  Non-trading foreign exchange rate risk
  Foreign exchange rate risk is the potential adverse impact on earnings and economic value due to changes in foreign currency
  rates. Our revenue, expenses and income denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar are subject to
  fluctuations as a result of changes in the value of the average Canadian dollar relative to the average value of those
  currencies. Our most significant exposure is to the U.S. dollar, due to our operations in the U.S. and other activities conducted
  in U.S. dollars. Other significant exposures are to the British pound and the Euro, due to our activities conducted
  internationally in these currencies. A strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar compared to the U.S. dollar, British
  pound and the Euro could reduce or increase, as applicable, the translated value of our foreign currency denominated
  revenue, expenses and earnings and could have a significant effect on the results of our operations. We are also exposed to
  foreign exchange rate risk arising from our investments in foreign operations. For unhedged equity investments, when the
  Canadian dollar appreciates against other currencies, the unrealized translation losses on net foreign investments decreases
  our shareholders’ equity through the other components of equity and decreases the translated value of the RWA of the foreign
  currency-denominated asset. The reverse is true when the Canadian dollar depreciates against other currencies.
  Consequently, we consider these impacts in selecting an appropriate level of our investments in foreign operations to be
  hedged.


Derivatives related to non-trading activity
Derivatives are also used to hedge market risk exposure unrelated to our trading activity. Hedge accounting is elected where
applicable. These derivatives are included in our IRRBB measures and other internal non-trading market risk measures. We use
interest rate swaps to manage our IRRBB, funding and investment activities. Interest rate swaps are also used to hedge changes
in the fair value of certain fixed-rate instruments. We also use foreign exchange derivatives to manage our exposure to equity
investments in subsidiaries that are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar, British Pound, and Euro.

For further details on the application of hedge accounting and the use of derivatives for hedging activities, refer to Notes 2 and 9
of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                     Management’s Discussion and Analysis          Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        79
Linkage of market risk to selected balance sheet items
The following tables provide the linkages between selected balance sheet items with positions included in our trading market risk
and non-trading market risk disclosures, which illustrates how we manage market risk for our assets and liabilities through
different risk measures:

      Linkage of market risk to selected balance sheet items                                                                                                      Table 52
                                                                                                            As at October 31, 2022

                                                                                          Market risk measure
                                                               Balance sheet                                   Non-traded                           Non-traded risk
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                       amount Traded risk (1)                        risk (2)                   primary risk sensitivity
Assets subject to market risk
Cash and due from banks                                        $        72,397 $                    –      $       72,397                                    Interest rate
Interest-bearing deposits with banks                                   108,011                 84,468              23,543                                    Interest rate
Securities
  Trading                                                              148,205             137,293                 10,912              Interest rate, credit spread
  Investment, net of applicable allowance                              170,018                   –                170,018       Interest rate, credit spread, equity
Assets purchased under reverse repurchase
  agreements and securities borrowed                                   317,845             264,665                 53,180                                    Interest rate
Loans
  Retail                                                               549,751                  6,128             543,623                                    Interest rate
  Wholesale                                                            273,967                  8,558             265,409                                    Interest rate
  Allowance for loan losses                                             (3,753)                     –              (3,753)                                   Interest rate
Segregated fund net assets                                               2,638                      –               2,638                                    Interest rate
Other
  Derivatives                                                          154,439             151,244                  3,195            Interest rate, foreign exchange
  Other assets                                                         109,629               8,826                100,803                                Interest rate
Assets not subject to market risk (3)                                   14,072
Total assets                                                   $     1,917,219 $           661,182         $ 1,241,965
Liabilities subject to market risk
Deposits                                                       $     1,208,814 $           141,319         $ 1,067,495                                       Interest rate
Segregated fund liabilities                                              2,638                   –               2,638                                       Interest rate
Other
  Obligations related to securities sold short                           35,511                35,511                     –
  Obligations related to assets sold
    under repurchase agreements and
    securities loaned                                                  273,947             248,712                 25,235                                Interest rate
  Derivatives                                                          153,491             139,406                 14,085            Interest rate, foreign exchange
  Other liabilities                                                    102,881              10,594                 92,287                                Interest rate
Subordinated debentures                                                 10,025                   –                 10,025                                Interest rate
Liabilities not subject to market risk (4)                              21,737
Total liabilities                                              $     1,809,044 $           575,542         $ 1,211,765
Total equity                                                           108,175
Total liabilities and equity                                   $     1,917,219
(1)     Traded risk includes positions that are classified or designated as FVTPL and positions whose revaluation gains and losses are reported in revenue. Market risk
        measures of VaR, SVaR, IRC and stress tests are used as risk controls for traded risk.
(2)     Non-traded risk includes positions used in the management of IRRBB and other non-trading portfolios. Other material non-trading portfolios include positions from RBC
        Insurance® and investment securities, net of applicable allowance, not included in IRRBB.
(3)     Assets not subject to market risk include physical and other assets.
(4)     Liabilities not subject to market risk include payroll related and other liabilities.




80        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                               As at October 31, 2021

                                                                                           Market risk measure
                                                                Balance sheet                                   Non-traded                               Non-traded risk
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                        amount         Traded risk (1)                risk (2)                       primary risk sensitivity
Assets subject to market risk
Cash and due from banks                                        $        113,846 $                  –       $        113,846                                     Interest rate
Interest-bearing deposits with banks                                     79,638               56,896                 22,742                                     Interest rate
Securities
  Trading                                                               139,240             127,259                  11,981                    Interest rate, credit spread
  Investment, net of applicable allowance                               145,484                   –                 145,484             Interest rate, credit spread, equity
Assets purchased under reverse repurchase
  agreements and securities borrowed                                    307,903             265,011                   42,892                                    Interest rate
Loans
  Retail                                                                503,598                9,231                494,367                                     Interest rate
  Wholesale                                                             218,066                9,685                208,381                                     Interest rate
  Allowance for loan losses                                              (4,089)                   –                 (4,089)                                    Interest rate
Segregated fund net assets                                                2,666                    –                  2,666                                     Interest rate
Other
  Derivatives                                                            95,541              92,829                   2,712                Interest rate, foreign exchange
  Other assets                                                           92,157               8,615                  83,542                                    Interest rate
Assets not subject to market risk (3)                                     12,273
Total assets                                                   $      1,706,323 $           569,526        $      1,124,524
Liabilities subject to market risk
Deposits                                                       $      1,100,831 $           136,927        $        963,904                                     Interest rate
Segregated fund liabilities                                               2,666                   –                   2,666                                     Interest rate
Other
  Obligations related to securities sold short                            37,841              37,841                         –
  Obligations related to assets sold
    under repurchase agreements and
    securities loaned                                                   262,201             236,146                   26,055                                   Interest rate
  Derivatives                                                            91,439              89,290                    2,149               Interest rate, foreign exchange
  Other liabilities                                                      87,084               8,528                   78,556                                   Interest rate
Subordinated debentures                                                   9,593                   –                    9,593                                   Interest rate
Liabilities not subject to market risk (4)                               15,906
Total liabilities                                              $      1,607,561 $           508,732        $      1,082,923
Total equity                                                              98,762
Total liabilities and equity                                   $      1,706,323
(1)     Traded risk includes positions that are classified or designated as FVTPL and positions whose revaluation gains and losses are reported in revenue. Market risk
        measures of VaR, SVaR, IRC and stress tests are used as risk controls for traded risk.
(2)     Non-traded risk includes positions used in the management of IRRBB and other non-trading portfolios. Other material non-trading portfolios include positions from RBC
        Insurance® and investment securities, net of applicable allowance, not included in IRRBB.
(3)     Assets not subject to market risk include physical and other assets.
(4)     Liabilities not subject to market risk include payroll related and other liabilities.


      Liquidity and funding risk

  Liquidity and funding risk (liquidity risk) is the risk that we may be unable to generate sufficient cash or its equivalents in a
  timely and cost-effective manner to meet our commitments. Liquidity risk arises from mismatches in the timing and value of
  on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet cash flows.
      Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure that we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective
  commitments in both normal and stressed conditions. To achieve this goal, we operate under a comprehensive Liquidity Risk
  Management Framework (LRMF) and Pledging Policy. We also employ several liquidity risk mitigation strategies that include:
  •   Achieving an appropriate balance between the level of exposure allowed under our risk appetite and the cost of risk
      mitigation;
  •   Maintaining broad funding access, including preserving and promoting a reliable base of core client deposits and ongoing
      access to diversified wholesale funding sources;
  •   A comprehensive liquidity stress testing program, contingency, recovery and resolution planning and status monitoring to
      ensure sufficiency of unencumbered marketable securities and demonstrated capacity to monetize specific asset classes;
  •   Governance of pledging activity through limits and liquid asset buffers for potential pledging activity;
  •   Timely and granular risk measurement information;
  •   Transparent liquidity transfer pricing and cost allocation; and
  •   Our three lines of defense governance model.




                                                                                    Management’s Discussion and Analysis          Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      81
 Risk control
 Our liquidity risk objectives, policies, models and methodologies are reviewed regularly, and are updated to reflect changing
 market conditions and business mix. This includes aligning with local regulatory developments. We continue to maintain
 liquidity and funding that is appropriate for the execution of our strategy. Liquidity risk remains well within our risk appetite.
      The Board annually approves the enterprise liquidity risk appetite recommended by the Risk Committee of the Board. The
 Risk Committee of the Board reviews and recommends the liquidity risk appetite and approves the LRMF. The Board, the Risk
 Committee of the Board, the GRC and the ALCO regularly review reporting on our consolidated liquidity position. The GRC, the
 Policy Review Committee (PRC) and/or the ALCO also review liquidity documents prepared for the Board or its committees.
 •    The PRC approves the Liquidity Risk Policy, which establishes minimum risk control elements in accordance with the
      Board-approved risk appetite and the LRMF, and the Pledging Policy, which outlines the requirements and authorities for
      the management of our pledging activities.
 •    The ALCO annually approves the Enterprise Liquidity Contingency Plan (ELCP) and provides strategic direction and
      oversight to Corporate Treasury, other functions, and business segments on the management of liquidity.

 These policies are supported by operational, desk and product-level policies that implement risk control elements, such as
 parameters, methodologies, management limits and authorities that govern the measurement and management of liquidity.
 Stress testing is also employed to assess the robustness of the control framework and inform liquidity contingency plans.


Risk measurement
 Liquidity risk is measured by applying scenario-specific assumptions against our assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet
 commitments to derive expected cash flow profiles over varying time horizons. For example, government bonds generally can
 be quickly and easily converted to cash without significant loss of value regardless of their contractual maturity. Similarly,
 while relationship-based deposits contractually can be withdrawn immediately, in practice, these balances can be relatively
 stable sources of funding depending on several factors, such as the nature of the client and their intended use. Risk
 methodologies and underlying assumptions are periodically reviewed and validated to ensure their alignment with our
 operating environment, expected economic and market conditions, rating agency preferences, regulatory requirements and
 generally accepted industry practices.

 To manage liquidity risk within our liquidity risk appetite, we set limits on various metrics reflecting a range of time horizons
 and severity of stress conditions and develop contingency, recovery and resolution plans. Our liquidity risk measurement and
 control activities are divided into three categories as follows:

 Structural (longer-term) liquidity risk
 To guide our secured and unsecured wholesale term funding activities, we employ both internal and regulatory metrics to
 manage and control the structural alignment between long-term illiquid assets and longer-term funding sourced from
 wholesale investors and core relationship deposits.

 Tactical (shorter-term) liquidity risk
 To address potential immediate cash flow risks in times of stress, we use short-term net cash flow limits to control risk of
 material units, subsidiaries and currencies, and perform stress testing assessments. Net cash flow positions are determined
 by applying internally-derived risk assumptions and parameters to known and anticipated cash flows for all material
 unencumbered assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet activities. Encumbered assets are not considered a source of available
 liquidity. We also control tactical liquidity by adhering to relevant regulatory standards, such as LCR.

  Contingency liquidity risk
  Contingency liquidity risk planning assesses the impact of sudden stress events and our planned responses. Our ELCP,
  maintained and administered by Corporate Treasury, has been developed to guide our potential responses to liquidity crises.
  Under leadership of Corporate Treasury, both enterprise and regional Liquidity Crisis Teams (LCT) meet regularly to assess
  our liquidity status, approve the ELCP, and in times of stress provide valuable linkages to front line and risk functions to
  support the crisis management process. LCT’s include members from key business segments, GRM, Finance, Operations, and
  Communications with relevant subject matter expertise.
     Our stress tests, which include elements of scenario and sensitivity analyses, measure our prospective exposure to systemic
and RBC-specific events over a period of several weeks. Different levels of severity are considered for each type of crisis with
some scenarios reflecting multiple-downgrades to our credit ratings.
     The contingency liquidity risk planning process identifies contingent funding needs (e.g., draws on committed credit and
liquidity lines, demands for more collateral and deposit run-off) and sources (e.g., contingent liquid asset sales and incremental
wholesale funding capacity) under various stress scenarios, and as a result, informs requirements for our earmarked
unencumbered liquid asset portfolios.
     Our unencumbered liquid asset portfolios consist of diversified, highly rated and liquid marketable securities, overnight
government reverse repos and deposits with central banks. These portfolios are subject to minimum asset quality levels and, as
appropriate, other eligibility guidelines (e.g., maturity, diversification and eligibility for central bank advances) to maximize ready
access to additional cash should it be required. These securities, when added to other unencumbered liquid assets that we hold
as a result of capital markets or other activities, contribute to our liquidity reserve, and are reflected in the asset encumbrance
disclosures shown below.




82    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Liquidity reserve and asset encumbrance
The following tables provide summaries of our liquidity reserve and asset encumbrance. In both tables, unencumbered assets
represent, to varying degrees, a ready source of funding. Unencumbered assets are the difference between total and encumbered
assets from both on- and off-balance sheet sources. The encumbered assets include: (i) bank-owned liquid assets that are either
pledged as collateral (e.g., repo financing and derivative pledging) or not freely available due to regulatory or internal policy
requirements (e.g., earmarked to satisfy mandatory reserve or regional capital adequacy requirements and to maintain
continuous access to payment and settlement systems); (ii) securities received as collateral from securities financing and
derivative transactions which have either been re-hypothecated where permissible (e.g., to obtain financing through repos or to
cover securities sold short) or have no liquidity value since re-hypothecation is prohibited; and (iii) illiquid assets that have been
securitized and sold into the market or that have been pledged as collateral in support of structured term funding vehicles. As
per our liquidity management framework and practice, encumbered assets are not considered a source of liquidity.

Liquidity reserve
Our liquidity reserve consists of available unencumbered liquid assets. Although unused wholesale funding capacity, which is
regularly assessed, could be another potential source of liquidity to mitigate stressed conditions, it is excluded in the
determination of the liquidity reserve. Similarly, uncommitted and undrawn central bank borrowing facilities that could be
accessed subject to satisfying certain preconditions as set by various central banks (e.g., BoC, the Fed, Bank of England, and
Bank of France), as well as amounts that qualify as eligible collateral at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) and
Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) are also excluded from the determination of the liquidity reserve.

      Liquidity reserve                                                                                                                                                       Table 53

                                                                                                                             As at October 31, 2022

                                                                                                               Securities
                                                                                                             received as
                                                                                                          collateral from
                                                                                                               securities
                                                                                                           financing and
                                                                                       Bank-owned              derivative            Total liquid         Encumbered      Unencumbered
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                         liquid assets        transactions                 assets           liquid assets     liquid assets

Cash and deposits with banks                                                       $ 180,408              $             –      $     180,408          $        3,601      $ 176,807
Securities issued or guaranteed by sovereigns, central
  banks or multilateral development banks (1)                                           246,916               326,089                573,005               373,893            199,112
Other securities                                                                        110,057               119,129                229,186               135,349             93,837
Other liquid assets (2)                                                                  42,090                     –                 42,090                40,318              1,772
Total liquid assets                                                                $ 579,471              $ 445,218            $ 1,024,689            $ 553,161           $ 471,528


                                                                                                                             As at October 31, 2021

                                                                                                                Securities
                                                                                                              received as
                                                                                                          collateral from
                                                                                                                securities
                                                                                                           financing and
                                                                                       Bank-owned              derivative            Total liquid         Encumbered      Unencumbered
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                         liquid assets        transactions                 assets           liquid assets     liquid assets

Cash and deposits with banks                                                       $     193,484          $             –      $      193,484         $        3,405      $    190,079
Securities issued or guaranteed by sovereigns, central
  banks or multilateral development banks (1)                                            214,326              313,732                 528,058               357,927            170,131
Other securities                                                                         114,692              115,396                 230,088               132,360             97,728
Other liquid assets (2)                                                                   27,600                    –                  27,600                25,981              1,619
Total liquid assets                                                                $     550,102          $   429,128          $      979,230         $     519,673       $    459,557


                                                                                                  As at

                                                                                         October 31           October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                          2022                       2021
Royal Bank of Canada                                                               $ 186,855              $   233,342
Foreign branches                                                                      90,910                   68,567
Subsidiaries                                                                         193,763                  157,648
Total unencumbered liquid assets                                                   $ 471,528              $   459,557
(1)     Includes liquid securities issued by provincial governments and U.S. government-sponsored entities working under U.S. Federal government’s conservatorship (e.g.,
        Federal National Mortgage Association and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation).
(2)     Encumbered liquid assets amount represents cash collateral and margin deposit amounts pledged related to OTC and exchange-traded derivative transactions.


The liquidity reserve is typically most affected by routine flows of client banking activity where liquid asset portfolios reflect
changes in deposit and loan balances, as well as by activities in Capital Markets and Investor & Treasury Services, where
business strategies and client flows may also affect liquidity reserve balances. Corporate Treasury also affects liquidity reserves
through the management of funding issuances where reserves absorb timing mismatches between debt issuances and
deployment into business activities.




                                                                                   Management’s Discussion and Analysis               Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022         83
2022 vs. 2021
Total unencumbered liquid assets increased $12 billion or 3% from last year, mainly due to an increase in on-balance sheet
securities reflecting higher wholesale funding and client deposit levels.

Asset encumbrance
The table below provides a summary of our on- and off-balance sheet amounts for cash, securities and other assets,
distinguishing between those that are encumbered or available for sale or use as collateral in secured funding transactions.
Other assets, such as mortgages and credit card receivables, can also be monetized, albeit over longer timeframes than those
required for marketable securities. As at October 31, 2022, our unencumbered assets available as collateral comprised 24% of
total assets (October 31, 2021 – 26%).

      Asset encumbrance                                                                                                                                               Table 54
                                                                                                          As at

                                                                    October 31                                                              October 31
                                                                      2022                                                                    2021
                                         Encumbered                   Unencumbered                                  Encumbered                 Unencumbered

                                    Pledged as                   Available as                                 Pledged as                 Available as
(Millions of Canadian dollars)       collateral     Other (1)   collateral (2)   Other (3)            Total    collateral   Other (1)   collateral (2)    Other (3)        Total
Cash and deposits
  with banks                       $          – $     3,601     $    176,807 $           – $      180,408     $         – $    3,405    $     190,079 $          – $ 193,484
Securities
  Trading                               62,941             –          91,738        3,303         157,982          56,602           –          87,311        3,633      147,546
  Investment, net of
    applicable allowance                 7,996             –         162,022             –        170,018          12,055           –         133,429            –      145,484
Assets purchased under
  reverse repurchase
  agreements and
  securities borrowed (4)              456,292       21,709            9,192        3,409         490,602         437,408     18,310           17,436        5,343      478,497
Loans
  Retail
    Mortgage securities                 28,208             –          27,263           –           55,471          29,370           –          30,778           –        60,148
    Mortgage loans                      62,905             –          26,696     273,724          363,325          46,699           –          29,858     243,627       320,184
    Non-mortgage loans                   6,066             –               –     124,889          130,955           3,213           –           8,110     111,943       123,266
  Wholesale                                  –             –           9,119     264,848          273,967               –           –               –     218,066       218,066
Allowance for loan losses                    –             –               –      (3,753)          (3,753)              –           –               –      (4,089)       (4,089)
Segregated fund net assets                   –             –               –       2,638            2,638               –           –               –       2,666         2,666
Other
  Derivatives                                –             –               –     154,439          154,439               –           –               –      95,541        95,541
  Others (5)                            40,318             –           1,772      81,611          123,701          25,981           –           1,619      76,830       104,430
Total assets                       $ 664,726 $ 25,310           $    504,609 $ 905,108 $ 2,099,753            $ 611,328 $ 21,715        $     498,620 $ 753,560 $1,885,223

(1)    Includes assets restricted from use to generate secured funding due to legal or other constraints.
(2)    Represents assets that are readily available for use as collateral, including NHA MBS, our unencumbered mortgage loans that qualify as eligible collateral at FHLB, as
       well as loans that qualify as eligible collateral for discount window facility available to us and lodged at the FRBNY.
(3)    Other unencumbered assets are not subject to any restrictions on their use to secure funding or as collateral but would not be considered readily available.
(4)    Includes bank-owned liquid assets and securities received as collateral from off-balance sheet securities financing, derivative transactions, and margin lending. Includes
       $22 billion (October 31, 2021 – $18 billion) of collateral received through reverse repurchase transactions that cannot be rehypothecated in its current legal form.
(5)    The Pledged as collateral amount represents cash collateral and margin deposit amounts pledged related to OTC and exchange-traded derivative transactions.


Funding
  Funding strategy
  Core funding, comprising capital, longer-term wholesale liabilities and a diversified pool of personal and, to a lesser extent,
  commercial and institutional deposits, is the foundation of our structural liquidity position.

Deposit and funding profile
As at October 31, 2022, relationship-based deposits, which are the primary source of funding for retail and commercial lending,
were $819 billion or 54% of our total funding (October 31, 2021 – $771 billion or 55%). The remaining portion is comprised of
short-and long-term wholesale funding.
    Funding for highly liquid assets consists primarily of short-term wholesale funding that reflects the monetization period of
those assets. Long-term wholesale funding is used mostly to fund less liquid wholesale assets and to support liquid asset buffers.
    Senior long-term debt issued by the bank on or after September 23, 2018, that has an original term greater than 400 days and
is marketable, subject to certain exceptions, is subject to the Canadian Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) regime. Under the Bail-in
regime, in circumstances when the Superintendent of Financial Institutions has determined that a bank may no longer be viable,
the Governor in Council may, upon a recommendation of the Minister of Finance that he or she is of the opinion that it is in the
public interest to do so, grant an order directing the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC) to convert all or a portion of
certain shares and liabilities of that bank into common shares. As at October 31, 2022, the notional value of issued and
outstanding long-term debt subject to conversion under the Bail-in regime was $85 billion (October 31, 2021 – $53 billion).
    For further details on our wholesale funding, refer to the Composition of wholesale funding tables below.




84       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Long-term debt issuance
During 2022, we continued to experience favourable unsecured wholesale funding access and pricing. We issued, either directly
or through our subsidiaries, unsecured long-term funding of $43 billion in various currencies and markets.

  We primarily use residential mortgage and credit card securitization programs as alternative sources of funding and for
  liquidity and asset/liability management purposes. Our total secured long-term funding includes outstanding MBS sold,
  covered bonds that are collateralized with residential mortgages and securities backed by credit card receivables.
     Compared to 2021, our outstanding MBS sold decreased $190 million. Our covered bonds and securitized credit card
receivables increased $10 billion and $3 billion, respectively.
     For further details, refer to the Off-balance sheet arrangements section.

                            Long-term funding sources*(1)                                                                                    Table 55
                                                                                                                                 As at
                                                                                                                        October 31           October 31
                      (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                         2022                2021
                      Unsecured long-term funding                                                                  $ 119,241             $    89,447
                      Secured long-term funding                                                                       68,953                  56,688
                      Subordinated debentures                                                                         10,639                   9,620
                                                                                                                   $ 198,833             $ 155,755
                      *       This table represents an integral part of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
                      (1)     Based on original term to maturity greater than 1 year.


Our wholesale funding activities are well-diversified by geography, investor segment, instrument, currency, structure and
maturity. We maintain an ongoing presence in different funding markets which allows us to continuously monitor market
developments and trends, identify opportunities and risks, and take appropriate and timely actions. We operate long-term debt
issuance registered programs. The following table summarizes these programs with their authorized limits by geography.

  Programs by geography                                                                                                                                             Table 56


Canada                                                 U.S.                                              Europe/Asia
• Canadian Shelf Program – $25 billion                 • U.S. Shelf Program – US$50 billion              • European Debt Issuance Program – US$40 billion
                                                                                                         • Global Covered Bond Program – €75 billion
                                                                                                         • Japanese Issuance Programs – ¥1 trillion


We also raise long-term funding using Canadian Senior Notes, Canadian National Housing Act MBS, Canada Mortgage Bonds,
credit card receivable-backed securities, Kangaroo Bonds (issued in the Australian domestic market by foreign firms) and Yankee
Certificates of Deposit (issued in the U.S. domestic market by foreign firms). We continuously evaluate opportunities to expand
into new markets and untapped investor segments since diversification expands our wholesale funding flexibility, minimizes
funding concentration and dependency, and generally reduces financing costs. As presented in the following charts, our current
long-term debt profile is well-diversified by both currency and product. Maintaining competitive credit ratings is also critical to
cost-effective funding.

      Long-term debt (1) – funding mix by currency of issuance                                   Long-term debt (1) – funding mix by product


                                                                                                                   MBS/CMB (2)
                                                                                                                           8%
                                                     Euro
                                                     18%                                                                                             Covered Bonds
               U.S. dollar                                                                                                                           23%
                     46%

                                                              Other                                                                                       Cards
                                                              10%                                                                                         securitization
                                                                                                                                                          3%
                                                                                                                                                          Subordinated
                                                                                                                                                          debentures
                                                                                                                                                          5%

                                                                                                            Unsecured
                        Canadian dollar                                                                       funding
                                  26%                                                                             61%

     (1)   Includes unsecured and secured long-term funding and subordinated                    (1)   Includes unsecured and secured long-term funding and subordinated
           debentures with an original term to maturity greater than 1 year                           debentures with an original term to maturity greater than 1 year
                                                                                                (2)   Mortgage-backed securities and Canada Mortgage Bonds




                                                                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     85
The following table provides our composition of wholesale funding based on remaining term to maturity:

      Composition of wholesale funding (1)                                                                                                                             Table 57

                                                                                                                As at October 31, 2022

                                                                                                                              Less than
                                                                        Less than      1 to 3       3 to 6        6 to 12        1 year      1 year to 2 years and
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                            1 month     months       months        months       sub-total        2 years     greater               Total

Deposits from banks (2)                                             $     5,758 $     34 $    311 $ 1,766 $                     7,869 $      – $      – $                  7,869
Certificates of deposit and commercial paper                              9,482   16,575   23,676  39,674                      89,407        –        –                   89,407
Asset-backed commercial paper (3)                                         3,488    2,373    6,646     722                      13,229        –      323                   13,552
Senior unsecured medium-term notes (4)                                      375    5,968    2,846  13,189                      22,378   19,108   48,556                   90,042
Senior unsecured structured notes (5)                                       404      721    2,136   4,091                       7,352    2,363    9,898                   19,613
Mortgage securitization                                                       –    1,238      421   2,614                       4,273    2,402    9,697                   16,372
Covered bonds/asset-backed securities (6)                                     –    1,016    1,960   2,838                       5,814    4,575   42,194                   52,583
Subordinated liabilities                                                     60        –        –     110                         170    1,483    8,986                   10,639
Other (7)                                                                 7,241    2,934    8,673   4,387                      23,235   10,219      409                   33,863
Total                                                               $ 26,808 $ 30,859 $ 46,669 $ 69,391 $ 173,727 $ 40,150 $ 120,063 $ 333,940
Of which:
– Secured                                                           $     9,030 $ 6,641 $ 15,367 $ 7,536 $ 38,574 $ 6,977 $ 52,605 $ 98,156
– Unsecured                                                              17,778   24,218  31,302   61,855  135,153  33,173  67,458   235,784



                                                                                                                 As at October 31, 2021

                                                                                                                              Less than
                                                                        Less than       1 to 3       3 to 6       6 to 12         1 year     1 year to   2 years and
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                            1 month     months        months       months        sub-total       2 years       greater             Total

Deposits from banks (2)                                             $      5,202 $      – $      – $      – $                    5,202 $      – $                – $        5,202
Certificates of deposit and commercial paper                               7,118   17,013   19,046   27,053                     70,230      918                  –         71,148
Asset-backed commercial paper (3)                                          2,378    2,563    4,076    3,697                     12,714        –                  –         12,714
Senior unsecured medium-term notes (4)                                        27      939    8,944    2,622                     12,532   16,296             37,617         66,445
Senior unsecured structured notes (5)                                        118      825      817      714                      2,474    2,914              5,879         11,267
Mortgage securitization                                                        –      354    1,302      917                      2,573    4,260              9,729         16,562
Covered bonds/asset-backed securities (6)                                      –      847      495    5,189                      6,531    6,087             27,521         40,139
Subordinated liabilities                                                       –        –        –      188                        188      165              9,267          9,620
Other (7)                                                                  6,637    2,194    1,448      827                     11,106    7,531                466         19,103
Total                                                               $ 21,480 $ 24,735 $ 36,128 $ 41,207 $                      123,550 $ 38,171 $           90,479 $      252,200
Of which:
– Secured                                                           $     8,467 $  4,017 $  6,108 $  9,803 $                    28,395 $ 10,347 $           37,695 $       76,437
– Unsecured                                                              13,013   20,718   30,020   31,404                      95,155   27,824             52,784        175,763

(1)     Excludes bankers’ acceptances and repos.
(2)     Excludes deposits associated with services we provide to banks (e.g., custody, cash management).
(3)     Only includes consolidated liabilities, including our collateralized commercial paper program.
(4)     Includes deposit notes.
(5)     Includes notes where the payout is tied to movements in foreign exchange, commodities and equities.
(6)     Includes credit card and mortgage loans.
(7)     Includes tender option bonds (secured) of $6,038 million (October 31, 2021 – $7,020 million), bearer deposit notes (unsecured) of $5,805 million (October 31, 2021 –
        $3,798 million), other long-term structured deposits (unsecured) of $12,411 million (October 31, 2021 – $8,285 million), and FHLB advances (secured) of $9,609 million
        (October 31, 2021 – $nil).




86        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Credit ratings
Our ability to access unsecured funding markets and to engage in certain collateralized business activities on a cost-effective
basis are primarily dependent upon maintaining competitive credit ratings. Credit ratings and outlooks provided by rating
agencies reflect their views and methodologies. Ratings are subject to change, based on a number of factors including, but not
limited to, our financial strength, competitive position, liquidity and other factors not completely within our control.

The following table presents our major credit ratings:

                Credit ratings (1)                                                                                                                             Table 58

                                                                                            As at November 29, 2022
                                                 Short-term debt Legacy senior long-term debt (2) Senior long-term debt (3) Outlook
         Moody’s (4)                                             P-1                                            Aa1                                       A1     stable
         Standard & Poor’s (5)                                  A-1+                                            AA-                                        A     stable
         Fitch Ratings (6)                                       F1+                                             AA                                      AA-     stable
         DBRS (7)                                         R-1 (high)                                      AA (high)                                       AA     stable
          (1)     Credit ratings are not recommendations to purchase, sell or hold a financial obligation inasmuch as they do not comment on market price or suitability
                  for a particular investor. Ratings are determined by the rating agencies based on criteria established from time to time by them, and are subject to
                  revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
          (2)     Includes senior long-term debt issued prior to September 23, 2018 and senior long-term debt issued on or after September 23, 2018 which is excluded from
                  the Bail-in regime.
          (3)     Includes senior long-term debt issued on or after September 23, 2018 which is subject to conversion under the Bail-in regime.
          (4)     On January 27, 2022, Moody’s upgraded our long-term debt ratings and assessments, as well as affirmed our short-term debt ratings. Following this rating
                  action, our outlook is stable. This rating action concludes the review for upgrade initiated by Moody’s on October 7, 2021.
          (5)     On May 13, 2022, Standard & Poor’s affirmed our ratings with a stable outlook.
          (6)     On July 11, 2022, Fitch Ratings affirmed our ratings with a stable outlook.
          (7)     On May 13, 2022, DBRS affirmed our ratings with a stable outlook.



Additional contractual obligations for rating downgrades
We are required to deliver collateral to certain counterparties in the event of a downgrade to our current credit rating. The
following table provides the additional collateral obligations required at the reporting date in the event of a one-, two- or three-
notch downgrade to our credit ratings. These additional collateral obligations are incremental requirements for each successive
downgrade and do not represent the cumulative impact of multiple downgrades. The amounts reported change periodically as a
result of several factors, including the transfer of trading activity to centrally cleared financial market infrastructures and
exchanges, the expiration of transactions with downgrade triggers, the imposition of internal limitations on new agreements to
exclude downgrade triggers, as well as normal course mark-to-market. There is no outstanding senior debt issued in the market
that contains rating triggers that would lead to early prepayment of principal.

      Additional contractual obligations for rating downgrades                                                                                                       Table 59
                                                                                                                               As at
                                                                                                    October 31                                       October 31
                                                                                                        2022                                             2021
                                                                                     One-notch       Two-notch      Three-notch         One-notch     Two-notch      Three-notch
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                      downgrade       downgrade        downgrade         downgrade     downgrade        downgrade

Contractual derivatives funding or margin requirements                             $      236       $     146       $      304         $    312      $         112   $       140
Other contractual funding or margin requirements (1)                                       38              21               25              157                 13             –
(1)     Includes GICs issued by our municipal markets business out of New York.




                                                                                       Management’s Discussion and Analysis       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      87
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
The LCR is a Basel III metric that measures the sufficiency of high-quality liquid assets (HQLA) available to meet liquidity needs
over a 30-day period in an acute stress scenario. The BCBS and OSFI regulatory minimum coverage level for LCR is 100%.
    OSFI requires Canadian banks to disclose the LCR using the standard Basel disclosure template and calculated using the
average of daily LCR positions during the quarter.

      Liquidity coverage ratio common disclosure template (1)                                                                                                       Table 60
                                                                                                                                            For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                    October 31
                                                                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                                                       Total unweighted           Total weighted
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                                                             value (average) (2)        value (average)

High-quality liquid assets
  Total high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                                                                    $       364,478
Cash outflows
  Retail deposits and deposits from small business customers, of which:                                                              $        375,324        $        34,797
    Stable deposits (3)                                                                                                                       127,692                  3,831
    Less stable deposits                                                                                                                      247,632                 30,966
  Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:                                                                                                      431,484                201,688
    Operational deposits (all counterparties) and deposits in networks of cooperative banks (4)                                               180,787                 43,066
    Non-operational deposits                                                                                                                  220,941                128,866
    Unsecured debt                                                                                                                             29,756                 29,756
  Secured wholesale funding                                                                                                                                           31,881
  Additional requirements, of which:                                                                                                          334,060                 78,395
    Outflows related to derivative exposures and other collateral requirements                                                                 75,312                 21,750
    Outflows related to loss of funding on debt products                                                                                       10,214                 10,214
    Credit and liquidity facilities                                                                                                           248,534                 46,431
  Other contractual funding obligations (5)                                                                                                    22,080                 22,080
  Other contingent funding obligations (6)                                                                                                    710,472                 11,498
Total cash outflows                                                                                                                                          $       380,339
Cash inflows
  Secured lending (e.g., reverse repos)                                                                                              $        286,914        $        50,441
  Inflows from fully performing exposures                                                                                                      15,716                  9,934
  Other cash inflows                                                                                                                           28,346                 28,346
Total cash inflows                                                                                                                                           $        88,721
                                                                                                                                                                  Total adjusted
                                                                                                                                                                           value

Total HQLA                                                                                                                                                   $       364,478
Total net cash outflows                                                                                                                                              291,618
Liquidity coverage ratio                                                                                                                                                125%
                                                                                                                                                       July 31
                                                                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                                                                                  Total adjusted
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                                                                                                  value

Total HQLA                                                                                                                                                   $        353,406
Total net cash outflows                                                                                                                                               287,871
Liquidity coverage ratio                                                                                                                                                 123%
(1)     The LCR is calculated in accordance with OSFI’s LAR guideline, which, in turn, reflects liquidity-related requirements issued by the BCBS. The LCR for the quarter ended
        October 31, 2022 is calculated as an average of 62 daily positions.
(2)     With the exception of other contingent funding obligations, unweighted inflow and outflow amounts are items maturing or callable in 30 days or less. Other contingent
        funding obligations also include debt securities with remaining maturity greater than 30 days.
(3)     As defined by the BCBS, stable deposits from retail and small business customers are deposits that are insured and are either held in transactional accounts or the bank
        has an established relationship with the client making the withdrawal unlikely.
(4)     Operational deposits from customers other than retail and small and medium-sized enterprises, are deposits which clients need to keep with the bank in order to
        facilitate their access and ability to use payment and settlement systems primarily for clearing, custody and cash management activities.
(5)     Other contractual funding obligations primarily include outflows from unsettled securities trades and outflows from obligations related to securities sold short.
(6)     Other contingent funding obligations include outflows related to other off-balance sheet facilities that carry low LCR runoff factors (0% – 5%).




88        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Management’s Discussion and Analysis
We manage our LCR position within a target range that reflects our liquidity risk tolerance and takes into account business mix,
asset composition and funding capabilities. The range is subject to periodic review in light of changes to internal requirements
and external developments.
     We maintain HQLAs in major currencies with dependable market depth and breadth. Our treasury management practices
ensure that the levels of HQLA are actively managed to meet target LCR objectives. Our Level 1 assets, as calculated according to
OSFI LAR and the BCBS LCR requirements, represent 89% of total HQLA. These assets consist of cash, placements with central
banks and highly rated securities issued or guaranteed by governments, central banks and supranational entities.
     LCR captures cash flows from on- and off-balance sheet activities that are either expected or could potentially occur within
30 days in an acute stress scenario. Cash outflows result from the application of withdrawal and non-renewal factors to demand
and term deposits, differentiated by client type (wholesale, retail and small- and medium-sized enterprises). Cash outflows also
arise from business activities that create contingent funding and collateral requirements, such as repo funding, derivatives, short
sales of securities and the extension of credit and liquidity commitments to clients. Cash inflows arise primarily from maturing
secured loans, interbank loans and non-HQLA securities.
     LCR does not reflect any market funding capacity that we believe would be available in a stress situation. All maturing
wholesale debt is assigned 100% outflow in the LCR calculation.

Q4 2022 vs. Q3 2022
The average LCR for the quarter ended October 31, 2022 was 125%, which translates into a surplus of approximately $73 billion,
compared to 123% and a surplus of approximately $66 billion in the prior quarter. LCR has increased compared to last quarter as
loan growth was more than offset by an increase in volume and change in mix of client deposits, as well as by issuances of term
funding.

Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)
NSFR is a Basel III metric that measures the sufficiency of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable
funding. The BCBS and OSFI regulatory minimum coverage level for NSFR is 100%.
     Available stable funding is defined as the portion of capital and liabilities expected to be reliable over the time horizon
considered by the NSFR, which extends to one year. Required stable funding is a function of the liquidity characteristics and
residual maturities of the various assets held by the bank as well as those of its off-balance sheet exposures.
     OSFI requires Canadian D-SIBs to disclose the NSFR using the standard Basel disclosure template. Amounts presented in this
disclosure template are determined in accordance with the requirements of OSFI’s LAR guideline and are not necessarily aligned
with the classification requirements prescribed under IFRS.




                                                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   89
      Net Stable Funding Ratio common disclosure template (1)                                                                                                           Table 61
                                                                                                                              As at October 31, 2022
                                                                                                           Unweighted value by residual maturity (2)
                                                                                                                                     6 months to                         Weighted
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                         No maturity       < 6 months           < 1 year         > 1 year          value

Available Stable Funding (ASF) Item
  Capital:                                                                                       $ 108,053 $       – $        – $   9,608 $ 117,661
    Regulatory Capital                                                                             108,053         –          –     9,608   117,661
    Other Capital Instruments                                                                            –         –          –         –         –
  Retail deposits and deposits from small business customers:                                      326,492    71,417    37,631     32,190   431,963
    Stable deposits (3)                                                                            106,488    32,742    20,284     14,246   165,785
    Less stable deposits                                                                           220,004    38,675    17,347     17,944   266,178
  Wholesale funding:                                                                               312,346   438,928    79,690    121,004   340,812
    Operational deposits (4)                                                                       186,282         –          –         –    93,141
    Other wholesale funding                                                                        126,064   438,928    79,690    121,004   247,671
  Liabilities with matching interdependent assets (5)                                                    –     3,298      4,950    21,456         –
  Other liabilities:                                                                                41,545            214,175                14,020
    NSFR derivative liabilities                                                                                        34,934
    All other liabilities and equity not included in the
      above categories                                                                               41,545         164,329              1,785          13,127            14,020
Total ASF                                                                                                                                                            $ 904,456
Required Stable Funding (RSF) Item
  Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                                                                                                                       $ 38,537
  Deposits held at other financial institutions for
    operational purposes                                                                                 –            1,403                 –                –              701
  Performing loans and securities:                                                                 198,407          295,131           107,266          507,939          661,461
    Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
      Level 1 HQLA                                                                                           –      111,525            15,189                  15         14,312
    Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
      non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing loans to
      financial institutions                                                                           4,000          99,000           26,949           26,099            54,587
    Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients, loans to
      retail and small business customers, and loans to sovereigns,
      central banks and PSEs, of which:                                                            121,583            63,827           30,277          156,711          279,382
         With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35% under the
           Basel II standardized approach for credit risk                                                 –              843              691            3,181            2,834
    Performing residential mortgages, of which:                                                      38,539           17,969           33,986          298,856          259,881
         With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35% under the
           Basel II standardized approach for credit risk                                            38,539           17,952           33,951          297,918          259,057
    Securities that are not in default and do not qualify as HQLA,
      including exchange-traded equities                                                             34,285             2,810            865            26,258            53,299
  Assets with matching interdependent liabilities (5)                                                     –             3,298          4,950            21,456                 –
  Other assets:                                                                                       1,772                         300,342                               81,558
    Physical traded commodities, including gold                                                       1,772                                                                1,506
    Assets posted as initial margin for derivative contracts and
      contributions to default funds of CCPs                                                                                         26,604                               22,613
    NSFR derivative assets                                                                                                           26,795                                    –
    NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of variation
      margin posted                                                                                                                  70,722                                3,536
    All other assets not included in the above categories                                                    –      123,852                    8        52,361            53,903
      Off-balance sheet items                                                                                                       711,922                               26,997
Total RSF                                                                                                                                                            $ 809,254
Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                                                                               112%


                                                                                                                        As at July 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                          Weighted
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)                                                                                                                    value

Total ASF                                                                                                                                                            $ 884,887
Total RSF                                                                                                                                                                784,537
Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                                                                                113%
(1)     The NSFR is calculated in accordance with OSFI’s Liquidity Adequacy Requirements (LAR) guideline, which, in turn, reflects liquidity-related requirements issued by the
        BCBS.
(2)     Totals for the following rows encompass the residual maturity categories of less than 6 months, 6 months to less than 1 year, and greater than or equal to 1 year in
        accordance with the requirements of the common disclosure template prescribed by OSFI: Other liabilities, NSFR derivative liabilities, Other assets, Assets posted as
        initial margin for derivative contracts and contributions to default funds of CCPs, NSFR derivative assets, NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of variation margin
        posted, and Off-balance sheet items.
(3)     As defined by the BCBS, stable deposits from retail and small business customers are deposits that are insured and are either held in transactional accounts or the bank
        has an established relationship with the client making the withdrawal unlikely.
(4)     Operational deposits from customers other than retail and small and medium-sized enterprises, are deposits which clients need to keep with the bank in order to
        facilitate their access and ability to use payment and settlement systems primarily for clearing, custody and cash management activities.
(5)     Interdependent assets and liabilities represent National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) liabilities, including liabilities arising from transactions
        involving the Canada Mortgage Bond program and their corresponding encumbered mortgages.

90        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Available stable funding is comprised primarily of a diversified pool of personal and commercial deposits, capital, as well as
long-term wholesale liabilities. Required stable funding is driven mainly by the bank’s mortgage and loan portfolio, secured loans
to financial institutions and to a lesser extent by other less liquid assets. NSFR does not reflect any unused market funding
capacity that we believe is available to the bank.
     Volume and composition of available stable funding is actively managed to optimize our structural funding position and
meet NSFR objectives. Our NSFR is managed in accordance with our comprehensive LRMF.

Q4 2022 vs. Q3 2022
The NSFR as at October 31, 2022 was 112%, which translates into a surplus of approximately $95 billion, compared to 113% and a
surplus of approximately $100 billion in the prior quarter. NSFR remained relatively flat compared to last quarter as growth in
loans and securities was offset by issuance of term funding and increases in client deposits.

Contractual maturities of financial assets, financial liabilities and off-balance sheet items
The following tables provide remaining contractual maturity profiles of all our assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet items at
their carrying value (e.g., amortized cost or fair value) at the balance sheet date. Off-balance sheet items are allocated based on
the expiry date of the contract.
     Details of contractual maturities and commitments to extend funds are a source of information for the management of
liquidity risk. Among other purposes, these details form a basis for modelling a behavioural balance sheet with effective
maturities to calculate liquidity risk measures. For further details, refer to the Risk measurement section.

      Contractual maturities of financial assets, financial liabilities and off-balance sheet items                                                                Table 62

                                                                                                    As at October 31, 2022

                                                                                                                                                         With no
                                               Less than        1 to 3      3 to 6      6 to 9      9 to 12        1 year      2 years     5 years      specific
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                   1 month       months      months      months      months      to 2 years   to 5 years and greater      maturity           Total
Assets
Cash and deposits with banks                  $ 177,946 $            2 $         – $         – $         – $           – $          – $           – $     2,460 $     180,408
Securities
  Trading (1)                                      86,491         592          71            8           –           104         170         8,710       52,059       148,205
  Investment, net of applicable
    allowance                                       3,250       7,490       7,390       3,537       4,873        12,303       50,979       79,387           809       170,018
Assets purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements and
  securities borrowed (2)                         122,836      76,590      58,750      19,246      17,212         1,131            –            –        22,080       317,845
Loans, net of applicable allowance                 31,203      21,795      29,253      39,919      34,658       150,826      348,411       75,091        88,809       819,965
Other
  Customers’ liability
    under acceptances                              11,632       6,235           5           –           –             –            –            –           (45)       17,827
  Derivatives                                      13,100      19,753      10,184       7,004       6,009        20,709       36,081       41,571            28       154,439
  Other financial assets                           48,485       1,964       1,666         199         457           246          231        2,364         3,025        58,637
Total financial assets                            494,943     134,421    107,319       69,913      63,209       185,319      435,872      207,123       169,225     1,867,344
Other non-financial assets                          6,744       1,609        196         (357)      2,647         1,691        2,510        5,192        29,643        49,875
Total assets                                  $ 501,687 $ 136,030 $107,515 $ 69,556 $ 65,856 $ 187,010 $ 438,382 $                        212,315 $ 198,868 $ 1,917,219
Liabilities and equity
Deposits (3)
  Unsecured borrowing                         $    91,052 $    56,920 $ 52,671 $ 64,685 $ 83,220 $               39,327 $     60,161 $     18,500 $ 645,195 $ 1,111,731
  Secured borrowing                                 4,343       6,271    7,365    2,007    4,626                  6,059       15,400        7,824         –      53,895
  Covered bonds                                         –       1,016    1,960    1,993        –                  3,839       28,692        5,688         –      43,188
Other
  Acceptances                                      11,632       6,235            5           –           –             –            –             –            –        17,872
  Obligations related to securities
    sold short                                     35,511            –           –           –           –             –            –             –            –       35,511
  Obligations related to assets sold
    under repurchase agreements
    and securities loaned (2)                     211,929      35,600       7,743       1,055         313           946            –            –        16,361       273,947
  Derivatives                                      13,096      22,073      10,994       7,097       5,244        20,135       34,226       40,626             –       153,491
  Other financial liabilities                      57,152       1,390       1,353         656         958           892        2,378       11,411         1,117        77,307
Subordinated debentures                                 –           –           –         110           –             –        1,881        8,034             –        10,025
Total financial liabilities                       424,715     129,505      82,091      77,603      94,361        71,198      142,738       92,083       662,673     1,776,967
Other non-financial liabilities                     1,021       6,585         298         156         178         1,046        1,073       12,357         9,363        32,077
Equity                                                  –           –           –           –           –             –            –            –       108,175       108,175
Total liabilities and equity                  $ 425,736 $ 136,090 $ 82,389 $ 77,759 $ 94,539 $                   72,244 $ 143,811 $       104,440 $ 780,211 $ 1,917,219
Off-balance sheet items
Financial guarantees                          $       545 $     2,211 $ 3,745 $ 3,274 $ 3,446 $                   1,415 $   4,550 $         1,068 $          37 $      20,291
Commitments to extend credit                        7,016       6,879   14,184  21,094  17,133                   49,135   193,990          19,269         4,516       333,216
Other credit-related commitments                    1,934       1,135    1,674   1,448   1,469                      541       520              85        90,821        99,627
Other commitments                                      24          11       16      16      16                       60       136             187           849         1,315
Total off-balance sheet items                 $     9,519 $    10,236 $ 19,619 $ 25,832 $ 22,064 $               51,151 $ 199,196 $        20,609 $      96,223 $     454,449

(1)     Trading debt securities classified as FVTPL have been included in the less than 1 month category as there is no expectation to hold these assets to their contractual
        maturity.
(2)     Open reverse repo and repo contracts, which have no set maturity date and are typically short term, have been included in the with no specific maturity category.
(3)     A major portion of relationship-based deposits are repayable on demand or at short notice on a contractual basis while, in practice, these customer balances form a core
        base for our operations and liquidity needs, as explained in the preceding Deposit and funding profile section.




                                                                                     Management’s Discussion and Analysis       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      91
                                                                                                         As at October 31, 2021

                                                                                                                                                                  With no
                                           Less than           1 to 3        3 to 6        6 to 9        9 to 12        1 year       2 years        5 years       specific
(Millions of Canadian dollars)               1 month         months         months        months        months     to 2 years     to 5 years    and greater       maturity           Total
Assets
Cash and deposits with banks              $ 190,995      $         2    $        1    $        –    $         –    $        –     $        –    $        –    $     2,486    $    193,484
Securities
  Trading (1)                                  67,655             46            87            41              6            20            169          9,845        61,371         139,240
  Investment, net of applicable
    allowance                                   7,220          4,811         5,546         5,832          5,514         22,368         31,393        62,289           511         145,484
Assets purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements and
  securities borrowed (2)                     104,301         89,612        51,664        22,982        16,987              98              –             –        22,259         307,903
Loans, net of applicable allowance             28,517         21,630        26,094        31,910        26,921         139,050        298,659        62,215        82,579         717,575
Other
  Customers’ liability
    under acceptances                          12,654          7,209             5             –             –               5              –             –           (75)         19,798
  Derivatives                                   5,325         10,788         4,318         4,334         3,005          10,139         17,890        39,733             9          95,541
  Other financial assets                       33,149          1,523         1,942           145           135             270            277         2,044         3,351          42,836
Total financial assets                        449,816        135,621        89,657        65,244        52,568         171,950        348,388       176,126       172,491        1,661,861
Other non-financial assets                      6,079          1,681           164           217           185           1,957          2,377         5,898        25,904           44,462
Total assets                              $ 455,895      $ 137,302      $ 89,821      $ 65,461      $ 52,753       $ 173,907      $ 350,765     $   182,024   $ 198,395      $ 1,706,323
Liabilities and equity
Deposits (3)
  Unsecured borrowing                     $    82,183    $    44,058    $ 56,519      $ 36,342      $ 35,792       $    30,625    $    45,745   $    18,320   $ 661,924      $ 1,011,508
  Secured borrowing                             2,442          4,244       7,543         4,362         2,804             9,557         15,040         6,118           –           52,110
  Covered bonds                                     1            848           –         2,693         1,878             5,350         18,321         8,122           –           37,213
Other
  Acceptances                                  12,653          7,207             5             2              –             5              –             –              1          19,873
  Obligations related to securities
    sold short                                 37,841              –             –             –              –             –              –             –              –          37,841
  Obligations related to assets sold
    under repurchase agreements
    and securities loaned (2)                 168,763         62,338         5,610         4,742           848             668              –             –        19,232         262,201
  Derivatives                                   5,456          9,903         4,938         3,747         2,723           9,211         18,727        36,733             1          91,439
  Other financial liabilities                  33,489          1,299         1,048           439           373           1,000          2,115        10,226           795          50,784
Subordinated debentures                             –              –             –             –           188             110          1,912         7,383             –           9,593
Total financial liabilities                   342,828        129,897        75,663        52,327        44,606          56,526        101,860        86,902       681,953        1,572,562
Other non-financial liabilities                 1,663          6,907           434           290           155           1,108          1,172        13,360         9,910           34,999
Equity                                              –              –             –             –             –               –              –             –        98,762           98,762
Total liabilities and equity              $ 344,491      $ 136,804      $ 76,097      $ 52,617      $ 44,761       $    57,634    $ 103,032     $   100,262   $ 790,625      $ 1,706,323
Off-balance sheet items
Financial guarantees                      $       387    $     1,950    $    2,999    $    2,928    $    2,206     $     1,829    $     3,326   $     1,181   $        61    $     16,867
Commitments to extend credit                    5,964          5,538        11,400        16,231        12,024          56,688        160,789        16,733         4,544         289,911
Other credit-related commitments                  966          1,064         1,569         1,536         1,376             370            726            38        99,815         107,460
Other commitments                                 101             11            20            21            21              64            144           278           618           1,278
Total off-balance sheet items             $     7,418    $     8,563    $ 15,988      $ 20,716      $ 15,627       $    58,951    $ 164,985     $    18,230   $ 105,038      $    415,516

(1)   Trading debt securities classified as FVTPL have been included in the less than 1 month category as there is no expectation to hold these assets to their contractual
      maturity.
(2)   Open reverse repo and repo contracts, which have no set maturity date and are typically short term, have been included in the with no specific maturity category.
(3)   A major portion of relationship-based deposits are repayable on demand or at short notice on a contractual basis while, in practice, these customer balances form a core
      base for our operations and liquidity needs, as explained in the preceding Deposit and funding profile section.




92      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Contractual maturities of financial liabilities and off-balance sheet items – undiscounted basis
 The following tables provide remaining contractual maturity analysis of our financial liabilities and off-balance sheet items. The
 amounts disclosed in the following table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows of all financial liabilities (e.g., par value or
 amount payable upon maturity). The amounts do not reconcile directly with those in our consolidated balance sheets as the table
 incorporates only cash flows relating to payments on maturity and do not recognize premiums, discounts or mark-to-market
 adjustments recognized in the instruments’ carrying values as at the balance sheet date. Financial liabilities are based upon the
 earliest period in which they are required to be paid. For off-balance sheet items, the undiscounted cash flows potentially payable
 under financial guarantees and commitments to extend credit are classified on the basis of the earliest date they can be called.


      Contractual maturities of financial liabilities and off-balance sheet items – undiscounted basis*                                                             Table 63
                                                                                                                   As at October 31, 2022
                                                                                      On             Within          1 year         2 years          5 years
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    demand             1 year      to 2 years      to 5 years      and greater                Total
Financial liabilities
Deposits (1)                                                                $ 562,288 $ 463,711 $ 50,169 $106,568 $                                 37,260 $ 1,219,996
Other
  Acceptances                                                                            –         17,872                  –                 –             –           17,872
  Obligations related to securities sold short                                           –         35,395                  –                 –             –           35,395
  Obligations related to assets sold under repurchase
    agreements and securities loaned                                             16,367          256,756               948              –                –            274,071
  Other liabilities                                                                 508           61,420               220            709            9,191             72,048
    Lease liabilities                                                                 –              654               630          1,609            2,217              5,110
Subordinated debentures                                                               –              110                 –          1,884            8,042             10,036
                                                                                579,163          835,918          51,967        110,770             56,710         1,634,528
Off-balance sheet items
Financial guarantees (2)                                                    $    20,289 $               2 $               – $           – $               – $          20,291
Other commitments (3)                                                                 –                73                60           136               187               456
Commitments to extend credit (2)                                                284,606            48,573                 1            36                 –           333,216
                                                                                304,895            48,648                61           172               187           353,963
Total financial liabilities and off-balance sheet items                     $ 884,058 $ 884,566 $ 52,028 $110,942 $                                 56,897 $ 1,988,491


                                                                                                                    As at October 31, 2021
                                                                                       On            Within            1 year       2 years          5 years
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                     demand            1 year       to 2 years     to 5 years      and greater                Total

Financial liabilities
Deposits (1)                                                                $   576,161 $         367,389 $        44,951 $        78,071 $         33,063 $        1,099,635
Other
  Acceptances                                                                            1         19,867                  5                 –             –            19,873
  Obligations related to securities sold short                                           –         37,462                  –                 –             –            37,462
  Obligations related to assets sold under repurchase
    agreements and securities loaned                                              19,234          242,314              669              –                 –           262,217
  Other liabilities                                                                  620           35,984              384            544             7,873            45,405
    Lease liabilities                                                                  –              631              582          1,522             2,342             5,077
Subordinated debentures                                                                –              188              110          1,916             7,392             9,606
                                                                                596,016           703,835          46,701          82,053           50,670          1,479,275
Off-balance sheet items
Financial guarantees (2)                                                    $    16,867 $               – $               – $            – $              – $          16,867
Other commitments (3)                                                                 –                81                82            209              344               716
Commitments to extend credit (2)                                                248,594            41,238                77              2                –           289,911
                                                                                265,461            41,319              159             211              344           307,494
Total financial liabilities and off-balance sheet items                     $   861,477 $         745,154 $        46,860 $        82,264 $         51,014 $        1,786,769
*       This table represents an integral part of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
(1)     A major portion of relationship-based deposits are repayable on demand or at short notice on a contractual basis while, in practice, these customer balances form a core
        base for our operations and liquidity needs, as explained in the preceding Deposit and funding profile.
(2)     We believe that it is highly unlikely that all or substantially all of these guarantees and commitments will be drawn or settled within one year, and contracts may expire
        without being drawn or settled. The management of the liquidity risk associated with potential extensions of funds is outlined in the preceding Risk measurement section.
(3)     Includes commitments related to short-term and low-dollar value leases, leases not yet commenced, and lease payments related to non-recoverable tax.




                                                                                     Management’s Discussion and Analysis        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       93
     Insurance risk

Insurance risk refers to the potential financial loss that may arise where the amount, timing and/or frequency of benefit and/or
premium payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts are different than expected. Insurance risk is distinct from those
risks covered by other parts of our risk management framework (e.g., credit, market and operational risk) where those risks are
ancillary to, or accompany, the risk transfer. The five insurance sub-risks are: morbidity, mortality, longevity, policyholder
behaviour (lapse), and travel risk.
     Our Insurance Risk Management Framework provides an overview of our processes and tools for identifying, assessing,
managing, mitigating and reporting on the insurance risks that face the organization. These are also supported by our robust
three lines of defence governance structure, which is consistent with our Enterprise Risk Management Framework.

     Operational/regulatory compliance risk drivers

     Operational risk

Operational risk is the risk of loss or harm resulting from people, inadequate or failed internal processes, controls and systems
or from external events. Operational risk is inherent in all of our activities and third-party activities and failure to manage
operational risk can result in direct or indirect financial loss, reputational impact or regulatory scrutiny and proceedings in the
various jurisdictions where we operate.

Our management of operational risk follows the three lines of defence governance model, encompassing the organizational roles
and responsibilities for a coordinated enterprise-wide approach. For further details, refer to the Risk management – Enterprise
risk management section.

Operational risk framework
We have an Enterprise Operational Risk Framework which sets out the processes to identify, assess, monitor, measure, report
and communicate on operational risk. The processes are established through the following:
•   Risk identification and assessment tools, including the collection and analysis of risk event data, help risk owners
    understand and proactively manage operational risk exposures. Risk assessments are intended to ensure alignment
    between risk exposures and efforts to manage them. Management uses outputs of these tools to make informed risk
    decisions.
•   Risk monitoring tools alert management to changes in the operational risk profile. When paired with escalation and
    monitoring triggers, risk monitoring tools can identify risk trends, warn management of risk levels that approach or exceed
    defined limits, as well as prompt actions and mitigation plans to be undertaken.
•   Risk capital measurement is designed to provide credible estimation of potential risk exposure, including surfacing risk
    vulnerabilities, and informs strategic and capital planning decisions, which are ultimately intended to ensure that the bank is
    sufficiently resilient to withstand operational risk losses both in normal times and under stress situations.
•   Risk reporting and communication processes seek to ensure that relevant operational risk information is made available to
    management in a timely manner to support risk-informed business decisions.

Conclusions from our operational risk programs enable learning based on what has occurred, insights into whether it could
happen elsewhere in the organization, and what controls we need to amend or implement. These conclusions support the
articulation of our operational risk appetite and are used to inform the overall level of operational risk exposure which thereby
defines our operational risk profile. This profile includes significant operational risk exposures, potential new and emerging
exposures and trends, and overall conclusions on the control environment and risk outlook.
     We consider the potential risks and rewards of our decisions to strike a balance between accepting potential losses versus
incurring costs of mitigation, the expression of which is in the form of our operational risk appetite. Our operational risk appetite
is established at the Board level and cascaded throughout each of our business segments. We proactively identify and
investigate corporate insurance opportunities to mitigate and reduce potential future impacts of operational risk.
     Management reports have been implemented at various levels to support proactive management of operational risk and
transparency of risk exposures. These reports are provided to senior management on a regular basis and provide detail on the
main drivers of the risk status and trend for each of our business segments and the bank overall. In addition, changes to the
operational risk profile that are not aligned to our business strategy or operational risk appetite are identified and discussed at
GRC and the Risk Committee of the Board.




94      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
    Our operations expose us to many different operational risks, which may adversely affect our businesses and financial
results. The following list is not exhaustive, as other factors could also adversely affect our results.


  Operational risk           Management strategy

  Information technology     Information technology risk is the risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, and adoption
    and cybersecurity risk   of information systems that can result in business interruptions, client service disruptions and loss
                             of confidential information causing financial loss, reputational damage and regulatory fines and
                             penalties. We maintain a risk driven program to address the risks following our operational risk
                             framework supported by a global team of technology risk management experts.

                             Cybersecurity risk is the risk to the business associated with cyber-attacks initiated to disrupt or
                             disable our operations or to expose or damage data. We have a dedicated team of technology and
                             cybersecurity professionals that manage a comprehensive program to help protect the
                             organization against breaches and other incidents by ensuring appropriate security and
                             operational controls are in place. We continue to strengthen our cyber-control framework and to
                             improve our resilience and cybersecurity capabilities including 24 hour monitoring, cyber
                             intelligence analysis of internal and external threats and alerting of potentially suspicious security
                             events and incidents. Throughout the year, we continued to invest in our cybersecurity program,
                             and multiple scenarios, assessments and simulations were conducted to test our resiliency
                             strategy.

 Information management Information management risk is the risk of failing to manage information appropriately through its
      and privacy risk  lifecycle due to inadequate processes, controls and technology resulting in legal and regulatory
                        consequences, reputational damage and/or financial loss. We have made substantial investments
                        in the Enterprise Chief Data Office (CDO) and functional and regional data management and data
                        governance units to promote awareness of and effectively manage information management risk.
                        Managing information management risk is fundamental to realizing our Data Vision, which is to
                        become a data-driven organization that uses data effectively and efficiently to improve client
                        experience and decision-making. Privacy risk is the risk of improper creation or collection, use,
                        disclosure, retention or destruction of information. The collection, use and sharing of data, as well
                        as the management and governance of data, are increasingly important as we continue to invest in
                        digital solutions and innovation, as well as expanding our business activities. This is also reflected
                        through regulatory developments relating to data privacy. The CDO and the Chief Privacy Office
                        partner with cross-functional teams to develop and implement enterprise-wide standards and
                        practices that describe how data is used, protected, managed and governed.

   Money laundering and     Money laundering and Terrorist financing risk is the risk that our products and services are used to
   Terrorist financing risk facilitate the laundering of proceeds of crime or the financing of terrorist activity. We maintain an
                            enterprise-wide program designed to deter, detect and report suspected money laundering and
                            terrorist financing activities across our organization, while seeking to ensure compliance with the
                            laws and regulations of the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Our Enterprise Financial
                            Crimes program is dedicated to the continuous development and maintenance of robust policies,
                            guidelines, training, risk-assessment tools and models to enable our employees to manage
                            evolving money laundering and terrorist financing risks and regulatory expectations. The
                            Enterprise Financial Crimes program is regularly evaluated in an effort to ensure it remains aligned
                            with industry standards, best practices and all applicable laws, regulations and guidance. Risks of
                            non-compliance include enforcement actions, criminal prosecutions and reputational damage.

      Third-party risk       Third-party risk is the risk of failure to effectively manage third parties which may expose us to
                             service disruptions, regulatory action, financial loss, litigation or reputational damage. We have a
                             risk-based enterprise-wide program designed to provide oversight for third-party relationships
                             that enables us to respond effectively to events that can cause service disruptions, financial loss
                             or various other risks that could impact us. Our approach to third-party risk mitigation is outlined
                             in policies and standards that establish the minimum requirements for identifying and managing
                             risks throughout the engagement with a third-party, while ensuring compliance with global
                             regulatory expectations. We monitor third-party providers that we consider critical to our
                             operations for any impact on their ability to deliver services to us, including vendors of our third-
                             party providers.

  Business continuity risk   Business continuity risk is the risk of being unable to maintain, continue or restore essential
                             business operations during and/or after an event that prevents us from conducting business in the
                             normal course. Exposure to disruptive operational events interrupts the continuity of our business
                             operations and could negatively impact our financial results, reputation, client outcomes and/or
                             result in harm to our employees. These operational events could result from the impact of severe
                             weather, pandemics, failed processes, technology failures or cyber threats. Our risk-based
                             enterprise-wide business continuity management program considers multiple scenarios to
                             address the consequences of a disruption and its effects on the availability of our people,
                             processes, facilities, technology, and third-party arrangements. Our approach to business
                             continuity management is outlined in policies and standards embedded across the organization
                             and the related risks are regularly measured, monitored, reported and integrated in our
                             operational risk management and control framework.

                                                             Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   95
Operational risk capital
Requirements for operational risk capital are determined in accordance with OSFI issued guidelines. Currently, our operational
risk capital is assessed using the Standardized Approach (TSA) which is a formula-based calculation predicated on gross income.
Upon implementation of final Basel III reforms, OSFI will require deposit-taking institutions to adopt a new Standardized
Approach (SA) in Q2 2023 for measurement of operational risk capital. The SA methodology is based on the Business Indicator
Component (BIC), which is a financial statement-based proxy for operational risk, and the Internal Loss Multiplier, a scaling
factor that is based on the historical internal loss average relative to the BIC. Once implemented, SA will replace TSA. For further
details on operational risk capital, refer to the Capital management section.

Operational risk loss events
As at October 31, 2022, our operational risk losses remain within our risk appetite. For further details on our contingencies,
including litigation, refer to Notes 24 and 25 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.

Culture and conduct risk
Our values set the tone of our organizational culture and translate into desired behaviours as articulated in our Code of Conduct
and leadership model. We define conduct as the manifestation of culture through the behaviours, judgment, decisions, and
actions of the organization and its employees. Our organizational direction establishes the expectation of good conduct
outcomes as the operating norm for the organization, all employees, and third-party service providers operating on our behalf to
drive positive outcomes for our clients, employees, stakeholders, financial markets and our reputation. We hold ourselves to the
highest standards of conduct to build the trust of our clients, investors, colleagues and community. The desired outcomes from
effective culture and conduct practices align with our purpose and values and support our risk appetite statements.
     Risk culture is a subset of our overall culture that influences how, individually and collectively, we take and manage risks.
Our risk culture helps us identify and understand risks, openly discuss risks, and act on the organization’s current and perceived
future risks. Our risk culture practices are grounded in our existing risk management and human resource disciplines and
protocols. When combined with the elements of effective leadership and values, these practices provide a base from which the
resulting risk culture and conduct can be assessed, monitored, sustained and subjected to ongoing enhancement.
     Our Board-approved Enterprise Culture and Conduct Risks Framework provides organizational direction and describes our
approach to a set of related topics applicable to all risk categories such as fair outcomes for clients and other stakeholders,
culture, including accountability and risk culture, conduct risk, sales conduct and client practices, and misconduct.
     On a regular basis, management communicates behavioural expectations to our employees with an emphasis on conduct
and values. Our leadership model also supports and encourages effective challenge between the businesses and control
functions. These behavioural expectations are supported by tools and resources which are designed to help employees live our
values, report misconduct and raise concerns, including those that might have ethical implications. We are committed to
fostering an environment where employees feel safe to speak up without retaliation. Employees have the ability to report
matters through a global anonymous Conduct Hotline. In addition, our Code of Conduct outlines an employee’s responsibility to
be truthful, respect others, and comply with laws, regulations and our policies. Anyone who breaches or fails to report an actual
or possible breach of the Code of Conduct is subject to corrective or disciplinary action. This can range from reprimands and
impacts on performance ratings and compensation, to termination of employment relationships with the organization. Internal
audits, including behavioural science reviews with recommendations are also conducted to better understand and enhance
employee attitudes and behaviours as they relate to risk management.

                                                                               Outcomes for
                                                                               Stakeholders:
                                                                                   Clients
                                                   Sets expected                 Employees         Drives
                                                                             Financial Markets
                                                                                 Regulators
                                                                              Our Reputation
                                                                               Shareholders




                                                                             Culture Factors
              Organizational Direction                                   Influential to Managing                    Individual &
                articulated through:                                          Conduct Risk                       Collective Conduct
                       Values                                                                                     exhibited through:
                 Leadership Model                     Shapes                  Risk Awareness        Influences       Behaviours
                  Code of Conduct                                            Tone from Above                          Judgment
                    Risk Appetite                                             Accountability                          Decisions
                   Risk Principles                                             Speaking Up                             Actions
                                                                                 Incentives




                                                                          Apply lessons learned


     Regulatory compliance risk

Regulatory compliance risk is the risk of potential non-conformance with laws, rules, regulations and prescribed practices in any
jurisdiction in which we operate. Issues regarding compliance with laws and regulations can arise in a number of areas in large
complex financial institutions, such as ourselves, and are often the result of inadequate or failed internal processes, controls,
people or systems. We currently are, and may be at any given time, subject to a number of legal and regulatory proceedings and
subject to numerous governmental and regulatory examinations, investigations and other inquiries.

96      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Management’s Discussion and Analysis
     Laws and regulations are in place to protect the financial and other interests of our clients, investors and the public. As a
large-scale global financial institution, we are subject to numerous laws and extensive and evolving regulation by governmental
agencies, supervisory authorities and self-regulatory organizations in Canada, the U.S., the U.K., Europe and other jurisdictions in
which we operate. Such regulation continues to become increasingly extensive and complex. In addition, regulatory scrutiny and
expectations in Canada, the U.S., the U.K., Europe and other jurisdictions for large financial institutions with respect to, among
other things, governance, risk management practices and controls, and conduct, as well as the enforcement of regulatory
compliance matters, has intensified. Failure to comply with these regulatory requirements and expectations or to resolve any
identified deficiencies could result in increased regulatory oversight and restrictions. Resolution of such matters can also result
in the payment of substantial penalties, agreements with respect to future operation of our business, actions with respect to
relevant personnel, admission of wrongdoing, and guilty pleas with respect to criminal charges, which may in turn prohibit us
from conducting certain types of business absent regulatory relief.
     Operating in this increasingly complex regulatory environment and intense regulatory enforcement environment, we are and
have been subject to a variety of legal proceedings, including civil claims and lawsuits, criminal charges, regulatory scrutiny,
examinations and proceedings, investigations, audits and requests for information by various governmental regulatory agencies
and law enforcement authorities in various jurisdictions, and we anticipate that our ongoing business activities will give rise to
such matters in the future. The global scope of our operations also means that a single issue may give rise to overlapping
regulatory investigations, regulatory proceedings and or civil litigation claims in different jurisdictions. RBC can be subject to
such proceedings due to alleged violations of law or, if determined by regulators, allegedly inadequate policies, procedures,
controls or remediation of deficiencies. Changes to laws, including tax laws, regulations or regulatory policies, as well as the
changes in how they are interpreted, implemented or enforced, could adversely affect us, for example, by lowering barriers to
entry in the businesses in which we operate, increasing our costs of compliance, or limiting our activities and ability to execute
our strategic plans. In addition, the severity of the remedies sought in legal and regulatory proceedings to which RBC is subject
have increased. Further, there is no assurance that we always will be, or be deemed to be, in compliance with laws, regulations or
regulatory policies or expectations. Accordingly, it is possible that we could receive a judicial or regulatory enforcement
judgment or decision that results in significant fines, damages, penalties, and other costs or injunctions, criminal convictions, or
loss of licenses or registrations that would damage our reputation, and negatively impact our earnings and ability to conduct
some of our businesses. We are also subject to litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business and the adverse
resolution of any litigation could have a significant adverse effect on our results or could give rise to significant reputational
damage, which in turn could impact our future business prospects.
     Our Regulatory Compliance Management Framework outlines how we manage and mitigate the regulatory compliance risks
associated with failing to comply with, or adapt to, current and changing laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we
operate.
     Regulatory compliance risk includes the regulatory risks associated with financial crimes (which include, but are not limited
to, money laundering, bribery, and sanctions), privacy, market conduct, consumer protection, business conduct, as well as
prudential and other generally applicable non-financial requirements. Specific compliance policies, procedures and supporting
frameworks have been developed to seek to manage regulatory compliance risk.

  Strategic risk drivers

  Strategic risk

Strategic risk is the risk that the enterprise or particular business areas will make inappropriate strategic choices, or will be
unable to successfully implement selected strategies or achieve the expected benefits. Business strategy is a major driver of our
risk appetite and consequently the strategic choices we make in terms of business mix determine how our risk profile changes.
     Responsibility for selecting and successfully implementing business strategies is mandated to the individual heads of each
business segment. Oversight of strategic risk is the responsibility of the heads of the business segments and their operating
committees, the Enterprise Strategy & Transformation group, the GE, and the Board. The Enterprise Strategy & Transformation
group supports the management of strategic risk through the strategic planning process, articulated within our Enterprise
Strategic Planning Policy, ensuring alignment across our business, financial, capital and risk planning.
     Our annual business portfolio review and project approval request processes help to identify and mitigate strategic risk by
seeking to ensure that strategies for new initiatives, lines of business, and the enterprise as a whole align with our risk appetite
and risk posture. GRM provides oversight of strategic risk by providing independent reviews of these processes, establishing
enterprise risk frameworks, and independently monitoring and reporting on the level of risk established against our risk appetite
metrics in accordance with the three lines of defence governance model.
     For details on the key strategic priorities for our business segments, refer to the Business segment results section.

  Reputation risk

Reputation risk is the risk of an adverse impact on stakeholders’ perception of the bank due to i) the actions or inactions of the
bank, its employees, third-party service providers, or clients, ii) the perceived misalignment of these actions or inactions with
stakeholder expectations of the bank, or iii) negative public sentiment towards a global or industry issue. Our reputation is
rooted in the perception of our stakeholders, and the trust and loyalty they place in us is core to our Purpose of helping clients
thrive and communities prosper. A strong and trustworthy reputation will generally strengthen our market position, reduce the
cost of capital, increase shareholder value, strengthen our resiliency, and help attract and retain top talent. Conversely, damage
to our reputation can result in reduced share price and market capitalization, increased cost of capital, loss of strategic
flexibility, inability to enter or expand into markets, loss of client loyalty and business, regulatory fines and penalties, restrictive
agreements with regulators or prosecutors, or criminal prosecutions. The sources of reputation risk are widespread. Reputation
risk is a transverse risk which can manifest as an outcome of other risk types including but not limited to credit, regulatory, legal,
operational, and environmental and social risks. We can also experience reputation risk from a failure to maintain an effective
control environment, exhibit good conduct and maintain appropriate culture practices.
     Managing our reputation risk is an integral part of our organizational culture and our overall enterprise risk management
approach, as well as a priority for employees and our Board. Our Board-approved Reputation Risk Management Framework
                                                                Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   97
provides an overview of our approach to identify, assess, manage, monitor and report on reputation risk. This framework outlines
governance authorities, roles and responsibilities, and controls and mechanisms to manage our reputation risk, including our
culture of integrity, compliance with our Code of Conduct and operating within our risk appetite.
     Our governance of reputation risk aims to be holistic and provides an integrated view of potential reputation issues across
the organization. This governance structure is designed to ensure that ownership and accountability for reputation risk are
understood across the enterprise, both proactive and reactive reputation risk decisions are escalated to senior management for
review and evaluation, and reporting on reputation risk is comprehensive and integrated.

     Legal and regulatory environment risk

Legal and regulatory environment risk is the risk that new or modified laws and regulations, and the interpretation or application
of laws and regulations, will negatively impact the way in which we operate, both in Canada and in the other jurisdictions in
which we conduct business. The full impact of some of these changes on our business will not be known until final rules are
implemented and market practices have developed in response. We continue to respond to these and other developments and
are working to minimize any potential adverse business or economic impact. The following provides a high-level summary of
some of the key regulatory changes that have potential to increase or decrease our costs, impact our profitability and increase
the complexity of our operations.

Global uncertainty
Significant uncertainty about inflationary and trade pressures, geopolitical tensions and supply chain disruptions all pose risks
to the global economic outlook. In October 2022, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) projected global growth of 3.2% in
calendar 2022 which remains unchanged from its July forecast. The October 2022 forecast is down from 4.9% in October 2021 and
reflects the ongoing economic effects of inflationary pressures and tightening monetary policy, a worse-than-anticipated
slowdown in China resulting from COVID-19 containment measures, and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. While
the outcome of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine remains uncertain, our exposure to Russia and Ukraine is extremely
limited, as we do not have operations in these countries, consistent with our strategy and risk appetite. Our diversified business
model, as well as our product and geographic diversification, continue to help mitigate the risks posed by global uncertainty.

Government of Canada Budget 2022
On April 7, 2022, the Government of Canada presented its 2022 budget, which included measures focused on ensuring banking
and life insurers’ groups help pay a portion of the costs of the Canadian federal government’s COVID-19 pandemic response. On
November 22, 2022, Bill C-32, Fall Economic Statement Implementation Act, 2022 (the Bill) received second reading in the House
of Commons. The Bill includes a Canada Recovery Dividend (CRD) and a permanent increase in the corporate income tax rate.
The CRD is a one-time 15% tax for 2022 determined based on the average taxable income above $1 billion for taxation years 2020
and 2021 and payable in equal installments over five years. The permanent increase in the corporate income tax rate is 1.5% on
taxable income above $100 million and would apply to taxation years that end after April 7, 2022.
    The Bill is not yet substantively enacted and timing of enactment remains uncertain. Based on the draft legislation, which
remains subject to amendments prior to enactment, the CRD is expected to reduce net income by approximately $1 billion and
other comprehensive income by approximately $0.1 billion when substantively enacted. The CRD is also expected to reduce our
CET1 ratio by approximately 20 bps.

Climate-related regulatory activity
Climate change regulations, frameworks, and guidance that apply to banks, insurers and asset managers are rapidly evolving.
We continue to monitor the development of applicable laws in this area and the evolution of disclosure requirements for public
issuers. In Canada this includes OSFI’s Draft Guideline B-15 Climate Risk Management, which encompasses both climate risk
management guidance and disclosure requirements that, if approved, would apply to RBC for fiscal 2023 at the earliest, and the
Canadian Securities Administrators’ proposed National Instrument 51-107 on disclosure of climate-related matters which would
introduce climate-related disclosure requirements for Canadian reporting issuers. In the U.S., the SEC has proposed rule changes
which would require many registrants to include certain climate-related disclosures in their regulatory filings, including the
financial statements. Internationally, the European Parliament recently approved the Corporate Sustainability Reporting
Directive which will require disclosure under the European Sustainability Reporting Standards, and the International
Sustainability Standards Board has also proposed standards for climate-related disclosures and general sustainability related
disclosures.

Canadian Housing Market and Consumer Debt
In June 2022, OSFI released a new Advisory - Clarification on the Treatment of Innovative Real Estate Secured Lending Products
under Guideline B-20 (the Advisory). The Advisory complements existing expectations under Guideline B-20 – Residential
Mortgage Underwriting Practices and Procedures, which articulates OSFI’s expectations regarding underwriting practices and
procedures for reverse residential mortgages, residential mortgages with shared equity features and combined loan plans
(CLPs). We do not originate reverse residential mortgages or residential mortgages with shared equity features, but we do
originate CLPs through our RBC Homeline Plan® products. The Advisory is not expected to have an effect on how most borrowers
with CLPs use their products.
     The Advisory will come into effect for us on October 31, 2023. New CLPs originated after this date will need to meet the new
requirements. CLPs originated before October 31, 2023 are not subject to the new requirements unless certain contractual
changes are made that would trigger application of the requirements. We have assessed the requirements and initiated a project
to meet the requirements by the effective date.

Interest rate benchmark reform
On May 16, 2022, Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited (RBSL), the administrator of the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate
(CDOR), announced that the calculation and publication of all remaining tenors of CDOR will permanently cease after June 28,
2024. Concurrently, OSFI published their expectation that federally regulated financial institutions (FRFIs) transition all new
derivatives and securities to an alternative benchmark rate by June 30, 2023, with no new CDOR exposure after that date, with
98      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
limited exceptions for risk management requirements. Furthermore, OSFI also expects all loan agreements referencing CDOR to
be transitioned by June 28, 2024. The cessation of CDOR will be managed within our enterprise-wide interest rate benchmark
reform program.
     For further details, refer to Note 2 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.

U.S. regulatory initiatives
On September 29, 2022, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) issued a final rule
implementing the beneficial ownership information reporting requirements of the Corporate Transparency Act, which was part of
the Anti- Money Laundering Act of 2020 (AMLA). The AMLA made significant revisions to the U.S.’s anti-money laundering/
anti-terrorist financing compliance framework, including by requiring FinCEN to issue the final rule. The final rule implements
sweeping beneficial ownership disclosure requirements applicable to U.S. companies (excluding trusts) and foreign companies
doing business in the U.S., in each case subject to certain exceptions. The final rule goes into effect January 1, 2024. As part of
these broad changes to the U.S. AML regulatory regime, FinCEN has stated that it plans to update its Customer Due Diligence
rule, which requires covered financial institutions to identify and verify the beneficial owners of legal entity customers. We are
currently assessing the impact of the final rule and do not anticipate any issues in complying with the requirements.

Technology and cyber risk management
In July 2022, OSFI released final Guideline B-13 – Technology and Cyber Risk Management, which sets out expectations for the
sound management of technology and cyber risk for FRFIs.
     This guideline will be effective on January 1, 2024. We have assessed the requirements and do not anticipate any issues in
complying with the requirements by the effective date.

Privacy
In June 2022, the Canadian government released Bill C-27, the Digital Charter Implementation Act, 2022, with principles focused
on strengthening consumer privacy protection in Canada. The Bill introduced three new federal Acts: the Consumer Privacy
Protection Act, the Personal Information and Data Protection Tribunal Act, and the Artificial Intelligence and Data Act. These new
Acts aim to strengthen Canada’s data privacy framework and create new regulations for responsible development and use of AI.
     The Consumer Privacy Protection Act is a private sector law that will repeal and replace the current Personal Information
Protection and Electronic Documents Act. The Personal Information and Data Protection Tribunal Act will establish an
administrative tribunal to review decisions and impose penalties, and the Artificial Intelligence and Data Act will create a
risk-based approach to regulating AI systems.
     While it remains uncertain when and if Bill C-27 will be enacted, this new legislation could result in significant reforms that
may impact our processes and privacy risk management practices. Our Global Privacy Program is responsible for overseeing the
implementation of these evolving privacy principles in our organization.
     For further details on regulatory capital and related requirements, refer to the risk and Capital management sections of this
2022 Annual Report.

  Competitive risk

Competitive risk is the risk of an inability to build or maintain a sustainable competitive advantage in a given market or markets,
and includes the potential for loss of market share due to competitors offering superior products and services. Competitive risk
can arise within or outside the financial sector, from traditional or non-traditional competitors, domestically or globally. There is
intense competition for clients among financial services companies in the markets in which we operate. Client loyalty and
retention can be influenced by a number of factors, including new technology used or services offered by our competitors,
relative service levels and prices, product and service attributes, our reputation, actions taken by our competitors, and
adherence with competition and anti-trust laws. Other companies, such as insurance companies and non-financial companies, as
well as new technological applications, are increasingly offering services traditionally provided by banks. This competition could
also reduce our revenue which could adversely affect our results.
     We identify and assess competitive risks as part of our overall risk management process. Our products and services are
regularly benchmarked against existing and potential competitors. In addition, we regularly conduct risk reviews of our products,
services, mergers and acquisitions strategy, as well as we seek to ensure adherence to competition and anti-trust laws. Our
annual strategy-setting process also plays an integral role in managing competitive risk.

  Macroeconomic risk drivers

  Systemic risk

Systemic risk is the risk that the financial system as a whole, or a major part of it – either in an individual country, a region, or
globally – is put in real and immediate danger of collapse or serious damage due to an unforeseen event causing a substantive
shock to the financial system with the likelihood of material damage to the economy, and which would result in financial,
reputation, legal or other risks for us.
    Systemic risk is considered to be the least controllable risk facing us, leading to increased vulnerabilities as experienced
during the 2008 global financial crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic. Our ability to mitigate systemic risk when undertaking
business activities is limited, other than through collaborative mechanisms between key industry participants, and, as
appropriate, the public sector and regulators to reduce the frequency and impact of these risks. The two most significant
measures in mitigating the impact of systemic risk are diversification and stress testing.
    Our diversified business model, portfolios, products, activities and funding sources help mitigate the potential impacts from
systemic risk as well as having established risk limits to ensure our portfolio is diversified, and concentration risk is reduced and
remains within our risk appetite.
    Stress testing involves consideration of the simultaneous movements in a number of risk factors. It is used to ensure our
business strategies and capital planning are robust by measuring the potential impacts of credit, market, liquidity, and
                                                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   99
operational risks on us, under adverse economic conditions. Our enterprise-wide stress testing program evaluates the potential
effects of a set of specified changes in risk factors, corresponding to exceptional but plausible adverse economic and financial
market events. These stress scenarios are evaluated across the organization, and results are integrated to develop an
enterprise-wide view of the impacts on our financial results and capital requirements. For further details on our stress testing,
refer to the Enterprise risk management section.
     Our financial results are affected by the business and economic conditions in the geographic regions in which we operate.
These conditions include consumer saving and spending habits as well as consumer borrowing and repayment patterns,
business investment, government spending, exchange rates, sovereign debt risks, the level of activity and volatility of the capital
markets, strength of the economy and inflation. Given the importance of our Canadian and U.S. operations, an economic
downturn may largely affect our personal and business lending activities and may result in higher provisions for credit losses.
Deterioration and uncertainty in global capital markets could result in continued high volatility that would impact results in
Capital Markets, while in Wealth Management weaker market conditions could lead to lower average fee-based client assets and
transaction volumes. In addition, worsening financial and credit market conditions may adversely affect our ability to access
capital markets on favourable terms and could negatively affect our liquidity, resulting in increased funding costs and lower
transaction volumes in Capital Markets and Investor & Treasury Services.
     Our financial results are also sensitive to changes in interest rates. To address growing inflation pressures, major central
banks started to increase benchmark interest rates in early fiscal 2022 and further increases are expected. While our NIM can
potentially benefit from rate increases, rising interest rates, coupled with elevated inflation, could increase market volatility and
reduce asset values, and could adversely impact household and corporate balance sheets. This could lead to credit deterioration
and impact our financial results, particularly in our Personal & Commercial Banking, Wealth Management, and Capital Markets
businesses.

  Overview of other risks

In addition to the risks described in the risk sections, there are other risk factors, described below, which may affect our
businesses and financial results. The following discussion is not exhaustive as other factors could also adversely affect our
results.

  Government fiscal, monetary and other policies

Our businesses and earnings are affected by monetary policies that are adopted by the BoC, the Fed in the U.S., the ECB in the
European Union (EU), the BoE in the U.K. and monetary authorities in other jurisdictions in which we operate, as well as the fiscal
policies of the governments of Canada, the U.S., the U.K., Europe and such other jurisdictions. Such policies can also adversely
affect our clients and counterparties in Canada, the U.S. and internationally, which may increase the risk of default by such
clients and counterparties.

  Tax risk and transparency

Tax risk refers to the risk of loss related to unexpected tax liabilities. The tax laws and systems that are applicable to us are
complex and wide-ranging. As a result, we seek to ensure that any decisions or actions related to tax always reflect our
assessment of the long-term costs and risks involved, including their impact on our reputation and our relationship with clients,
shareholders, and regulators.
     Our approach to taxation is grounded in principles which are reflected in our Code of Conduct, is governed by our Enterprise
Tax Risk Management Policy, and incorporates the fundamentals of our risk drivers. Oversight of our tax policy and the
management of tax risk is the responsibility of the GE, the CFO and the Senior Vice President, Taxation. We discuss our tax
strategy with the Audit Committee annually and provide updates on our tax position on a regular basis.
     Our tax strategy is designed to provide transparency and support our business strategy, and is aligned with our corporate
vision and values. We seek to maximize shareholder value by structuring our businesses in a tax-efficient manner while
considering reputation risk by being in compliance with all laws and regulations. Our policy requires that we:
     •    Act with integrity and in a straightforward, open and honest manner in all tax matters;
     •    Ensure tax strategy is aligned with our business strategy supporting only bona fide transactions with a business purpose
          and economic substance;
     •    Ensure all intercompany transactions are conducted in accordance with applicable transfer pricing requirements;
     •    Ensure our full compliance and full disclosure to tax authorities of our statutory obligations; and
     •    Endeavour to work with the tax authorities to build positive long-term relationships and where disputes occur, address
          them constructively.

With respect to assessing the needs of our clients, we consider a number of factors including the purpose of the transactions. We
seek to ensure that we only support bona fide client transactions with a business purpose and economic substance. Should we
become aware of client transactions that are aimed at evading their tax obligations, we will not proceed with the transactions.
     We operate in 29 countries worldwide. Our activities in these countries are subject to both Canadian and international tax
legislation and other regulations, and are fully disclosed to the relevant tax authorities. The Taxation group and GRM both
regularly review the activities of all entities in an effort to ensure compliance with tax requirements and other regulations.
     Given that we operate globally, complex tax legislation and accounting principles have resulted in differing legal
interpretations between the respective tax authorities we deal with and ourselves, and we are at risk of tax authorities
disagreeing with prior positions we have taken for tax purposes. When this occurs, we are committed to an open and transparent
dialogue with the tax authorities to facilitate a quick assessment and prompt resolution of the issues where possible. Failure to
adequately manage tax risk and resolve issues with tax authorities in a satisfactory manner could adversely impact our results,
potentially to a material extent in a particular period, and/or significantly impact our reputation.




100   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Tax contribution
In 2022, total income and other tax expense, including income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income and Changes in Equity, to various levels of governments globally totalled $6 billion (2021 – $8 billion). In Canada,
total income and other tax expense for the year ended October 31, 2022 to various levels of government totalled $5 billion
(2021 – $7 billion).

   Income and other tax expense – by category                                     Income and other tax expense – by geography
   (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                 (Millions of Canadian dollars)

   9,000                                                                          9,000
   8,000                                                                          8,000
   7,000                                                                          7,000
   6,000                                                                          6,000
   5,000                                                                          5,000
   4,000                                                                          4,000
   3,000                                                                          3,000
   2,000                                                                          2,000
   1,000                                                                          1,000
       0                                                                              0
                            2022             2021                                                         2022           2021

           Business taxes    Insurance premium taxes   Property taxes                       Other International         U.S.       Canada
           Capital taxes     Payroll taxes             Value added and
                                                       sales taxes
           Income taxes


For further details on income and other tax expense, refer to the Financial performance section.

  Environmental and social risk (including climate change)

Environmental and Social (E&S) risk is the potential for an E&S issue associated with us, a client, transaction, product, supplier
or activity, to have a negative impact on our financial position, operations, legal and regulatory compliance, or reputation. It
refers to the risk that we face as a result of the manner in which we, a supplier or a client manages E&S issues or relationships
with stakeholders and communities.
     E&S issues include, but are not limited to, site contamination, waste management, land and resource use, biodiversity, water
quality and availability, climate change, environmental regulation, human rights (including, but not limited to social and racial
inequality and Indigenous Peoples’ rights), and community engagement.
     E&S risks, including climate change, are each unique and transverse risks impacting our principal risk types in different ways
and to varying degrees. While E&S risk manifests itself through credit, reputation, and regulatory compliance risks, the impact of
E&S risk also extends to our other principal risks, including systemic, competitive, strategic, legal and regulatory environment,
operational, market, liquidity and insurance risks.
     The following sets out our governance and risk management in respect of environmental and social risks more broadly; see
the Climate risk section below for additional information specific to climate risk.

E&S risk – governance
The Board oversees how we manage our E&S risks, our enterprise approach to E&S risks, and how we conduct our business to
meet high standards of E&S responsibility. The Committees of the Board have oversight of E&S risks that are specific to their
respective responsibilities, with the Governance Committee playing a specific oversight and coordination role over ESG matters,
including certain of our ESG disclosures. For further details on risk governance, refer to the Enterprise risk management – Risk
governance section and the Climate risk – Governance section.
     Senior management is responsible for managing E&S risks and opportunities, which include climate change, and
implementing our enterprise strategies for E&S matters.

E&S risk – risk management
Roles and responsibilities related to E&S risk management are governed by the three lines of defence governance model and the
Enterprise Risk Management Framework.
     The E&S Risk team within GRM is responsible for identifying, assessing, measuring, managing, mitigating, monitoring and
reporting E&S issues that may pose a risk to the bank, and for developing and maintaining policies on a regular basis to manage
E&S risk. Business segments and functional areas are responsible for incorporating E&S risk management requirements within
their operations. A bottom-up approach is taken to identifying E&S risk at the client, transaction, and supplier level, as well as
when evaluating business strategies, acquisitions, projects/initiatives, products, or services. A top-down approach is also taken
to identifying and monitoring evolving E&S risks by monitoring E&S risk in various businesses, portfolios and geographies.
     Our Enterprise Policy on Environmental (including Climate) and Social Risk (E&S Risk Policy) serves as the foundation for our
approach to managing E&S risks arising from our activities. It outlines our principles for E&S risk management, as well as the
minimum requirements on how E&S risks arising from our activities are identified, assessed, measured, managed, mitigated,
monitored and reported. The E&S Risk Policy also requires that clients operating in industries of elevated environmental risk be
subjected to an environmental and social review. The E&S Risk Policy is supported by additional policies and procedures on
E&S risk management for business segments. We also have policy guidelines in place for sensitive sectors and activities, which
address our financing activities to clients and projects operating in the coal-fired power and coal mining sectors, the Arctic
ecosystem, the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, and United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO)
World Heritage Sites.
     Our E&S Risk Policy also sets the minimum requirement for how we identify, assess, manage, and mitigate human rights
issues, and is supported by additional polices and position statements that reflect our approach to managing our businesses in a
responsible manner.


                                                                         Management’s Discussion and Analysis      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   101
     Our Code of Conduct establishes standards of desired behaviours that apply to all directors, employees, and contract
workers of the bank and its subsidiaries. In addition, our principles-based Supplier Code of Conduct articulates our expectations
with respect to a supplier’s business integrity, responsible business practices and responsible treatment of individuals and the
environment.
     Our published Human Rights Position Statement sets out our commitment to respect internationally-recognized human
rights in line with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. In addition, our Modern Slavery Act
Statement, which is published annually, sets out the policies and processes that are designed to prevent slavery and human
trafficking from taking place in our operations and supply chains.
     We are a participant or signatory to various industry principles and initiatives that are designed to help mitigate E&S risk
within our business activities or advance responsible business practices, including, but not limited to the following:
     •    The bank is a signatory to the Equator Principles (EP), which is a benchmark for determining, assessing and managing
          E&S risks for project finance. We report annually on projects assessed according to the EP framework.
     •    RBC GAM1, BlueBay Asset Management LLP and Brewin Dolphin Holdings Limited are signatories to the United Nations
          Principles for Responsible Investment (UN PRI) and report annually on their responsible investment activities to the UN PRI.

Climate risk
Climate risk is the risk related to the global transition to a net-zero economy (transition risk) and the physical impacts of climate
change (physical risk), which includes both chronic (longer-term) and acute (event driven) risks. We may be exposed to
transition risk including through emerging regulatory and legal requirements changing business and consumer sentiments
towards and the products and services we provide to our clients. Both we and our clients may also be exposed to transition risk
through technological and societal change and market forces. Additionally, we and our clients may also be vulnerable to physical
risk including through disruptions to operations and services.

The following section is informed by the pillars of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD).

Climate risk – governance
The Board provides oversight of the bank’s strategic approach to climate change, which includes how we manage climate-related
risks and opportunities. The Board approved our updated climate strategy, the RBC Climate Blueprint, which was published in
February 2022, and engaged with management on a range of climate-related topics including the measurement of financed
emissions, scenario analysis, and our initial interim emissions reduction targets. The Committees of the Board also engaged with
management on climate-related issues, which included emerging perspectives in Board oversight of ESG including climate, the
increased regulatory and stakeholder focus, and further incorporation of climate risks in risk appetite, risk management
frameworks and enterprise-wide stress testing.
     GE is responsible for implementing the RBC Climate Blueprint. Responsibility for climate is incorporated into our
management structure and business models throughout the enterprise, and key businesses have an executive with responsibility
for climate change and are configured to address the sustainable financing, investment and client needs associated with the net-
zero transition as applicable to their business. Since 2021, we have had a Climate Strategy Steering Committee which includes
executive representation from Capital Markets, Wealth Management, GAM®, Personal & Commercial Banking, GRM and
Corporate Communications, and a Climate Strategy and Governance team which provides enterprise-wide strategic direction on
advancing our understanding and developing strategies to address climate-related risks and opportunities for us and our clients.




1     RBC GAM includes the following affiliates: BlueBay Asset Management LLP (BlueBay), RBC Global Asset Management Inc. (including Phillips, Hager & North Investment
      Management), RBC Global Asset Management (U.S.) Inc., RBC Global Asset Management (UK) Limited, and RBC Global Asset Management (Asia) Limited, which are
      separate, but affiliated subsidiaries of RBC.

102     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Climate risk – strategy
We recognize we have a role to play in accelerating the transition to a net-zero economy and mitigating the risks associated with
climate change. Our climate strategy is underpinned by our belief that the transition to net-zero should be just, orderly and
inclusive. The RBC Climate Blueprint outlines our strategic climate priorities, including helping our clients as they transition to a
net-zero future and holding ourselves accountable to achieve net-zero in our lending by 2050. RBC GAM has an approach to
climate change that supports the RBC Climate Blueprint and lays out its commitments and actions related to climate change.
     In 2021, we made a commitment to provide $500 billion in sustainable financing by 20252. In October 2022, we published our
approach and methodology for classifying, tracking, and disclosing progress towards our sustainable finance commitment and to
support the identification of new growth opportunities for our clients and our business. Financing activities that help to address
environmental issues are included as one aspect of sustainable finance. Our commitment to sustainable finance therefore allows
us to build on our support for the growth of the green bond market through our issuance of green bonds under our Sustainable
Bond Framework. In addition, RBC Europe Limited (RBCEL), a wholly owned subsidiary of the bank, is a member of the Green
Bond Principles, and RBC reports annually on its green bond underwriting activities, globally. We also provide products, services
and client solutions across our business segments to help businesses and individuals accelerate their climate goals and
overcome barriers for adoption.
     RBC is a member of the Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA), which is a global industry-led initiative to accelerate and support
efforts to address climate change by aligning member banks’ lending and investment portfolios with net-zero emissions by 20503.
We are also a member of the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF), which is an industry-led partnership to
facilitate transparency and enable financial institutions to assess and disclose greenhouse gas emissions of loans and
investments. As a member of the NZBA, we made a commitment to setting and disclosing interim emissions reduction targets for
certain of our key high-emitting sectors. In March 2022, we published our initial measurement of financed emissions using the
PCAF methodology, and in October 2022, in accordance with our NZBA commitment, we published our initial interim emissions
reduction targets for the oil and gas, power generation and automotive sectors3.
     Our ability to achieve our climate and sustainable finance-related commitments, goals and targets, including those
discussed above, will depend on the collective efforts and actions across a wide range of stakeholders outside of our control, and
there can be no assurance that they will be achieved4.

Climate risk – risk management
We regard climate risk as a transverse risk, which impacts all of our principal risk types in different ways and to varying degrees,
and requires us to consider how financial and non-financial factors may impact us and our clients.
    Global practices in the identification, assessment, measurement and management of climate risks and opportunities are
rapidly evolving. We are continuing to advance our climate risk measurement, management, monitoring and reporting
capabilities and to advance our understanding of the impact climate-related risks may have on our business and our clients’
businesses. In particular:
    •    We conduct portfolio, client and scenario analyses to assess our exposure to, and the impact of, climate-related risks.
    •    We continue to refine our climate risk appetite and, as noted above, we have published initial interim emissions
         reduction targets for certain key high-emitting sectors in connection with our goal to achieve net-zero emissions in our
         lending by 2050.
    •    As part of our annual stress testing and analysis, we continue to integrate components of climate risk through transition
         and physical risk stresses and assess its impact on our key portfolios.
    •    We seek to improve data quality to further identify those sectors within our wholesale portfolio that are most affected
         by physical and transition risk, which allows us to better focus ongoing monitoring of climate risk.
    •    We are expanding our climate data inventory and enhancing our data governance processes to improve our climate risk
         analytical capabilities.




2   Sustainable finance refers to financial activities that take into account environmental, social and governance factors.
3   Our NZBA commitment, our initial measurement of financed emissions and our initial interim emissions reduction targets exclude the practices of: (a) RBC GAM and
    RBC Wealth Management. RBC Wealth Management includes the following affiliates: RBC Dominion Securities Inc. (Member – Canadian Investor Protection Fund), RBC
    Direct Investing Inc. (Member–Canadian Investor Protection Fund), Royal Mutual Funds Inc., RBC Wealth Management Financial Services Inc., Royal Trust Corporation of
    Canada and The Royal Trust Company, which are separate but affiliated subsidiaries of RBC; and (b) Brewin Dolphin Holdings PLC and its subsidiaries.
4   External factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations expressed in such commitments, goals and targets include the need for
    more and better climate data and standardization of climate-related measurement methodologies, our ability to gather and verify data, our ability to successfully
    implement various initiatives throughout our enterprise under expected time frames, difficulty in identifying transactions, products and services that meet the
    sustainable finance classification criteria, the risk that eligible transactions or related initiatives will not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the
    results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by us, our ability to track transactions and report on them as performance against our climate or sustainable
    finance commitment, the compliance of various third parties with our policies and procedures and their commitment to us, the need for active and continuing
    participation and action of various stakeholders, technological advancements, the evolution of consumer behaviour, varying decarbonization efforts across economies,
    the need for thoughtful climate policies around the world, the challenges of balancing emission reduction targets with an orderly, just and inclusive transition and
    geopolitical factors that impact global energy needs, the legal and regulatory environment, and regulatory compliance considerations. Our climate- or sustainable
    finance-related commitments, goals and targets are aspirational and may need to be changed or recalibrated as data improve and as climate science, transition
    pathways and market practices regarding standards, methodologies, metrics and measurements evolve.

                                                                                   Management’s Discussion and Analysis         Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        103
     As with risk appetite, our continued development of our climate risk measurement capabilities will inform the steps we take
to further the implementation of climate-related risk limits and advance the integration of climate risks into our policies and
procedures.
     In addition, we regularly review the risks that we face and reflect on those that affect our clients. We also continue to explore
opportunities to expand the products and services we provide to respond to the evolving ESG landscape, help our clients
navigate their transition to a net-zero economy, and advance their sustainability strategies:

                       • Climate change regulations, frameworks, and guidance that apply to banks, insurers and asset managers
    Emerging             are rapidly evolving. Several central banks and regulators have taken steps to introduce or have already
 regulatory and          introduced rules to address the financial and economic risks of climate change. As regulations and
      legal              formal requirements evolve, we will continue to monitor such developments and update our risk
  requirements           management practices and disclosures as necessary. See the Legal and regulatory environment risk
                         section for further details.
                       • We identify properties that we lease or own, which contain business processes and supporting
                         applications that require enhanced facility infrastructure to mitigate site disruptions, such as those
                         caused by extreme weather events. We classify critical environment sites based on our business risk
  Disruptions to
                         tolerance for site-specific downtime and, among other things, site location, power supply, exposure to
   operations
                         flooding, geological stability and other hazards.
    and client         • We take steps to mitigate and adapt to climate change through our building design and our purchasing
     services            decisions.
                       • As required, we assess the impact of climate-related events (e.g., floods, hurricanes) on our businesses
                         and client operations.
                       • We maintain a diversified lending portfolio, which improves our resilience to geographic or sectoral
                         downturns and limits concentrations of credit exposure to climate risk.
                       • Each business segment is responsible for identifying material climate-related risks and opportunities,
                         which are integrated into risk management processes as necessary.
                       • We continue to deliver advice and solutions to our clients to support their transition to a net-zero
                         economy and the advancement of their sustainability strategies. For example, we provide sustainable
                         finance products such as green, social and sustainability bond underwriting, sustainability-linked bonds
                         and loans, as well as advisory services to integrate ESG factors for companies that are in the pre-initial
                         public offering or pre-acquisition stage. Our offerings also include ESG-integrated investment solutions,
                         structured products, carbon trading services, and ESG research and thought leadership. While we
  Products and           finance sectors across the economy, we are working to accelerate sustainable finance and to provide
   services we           ESG advisory services to clients, inclusive of energy transition opportunities.
     provide           • RBC GAM integrates material ESG factors in its investment processes for applicable investment
                         strategies to help mitigate risk and/or enhance long-term, risk-adjusted returns.
                       • RBC Insurance® (through its insurance agency) sells property and casualty insurance products that are
                         underwritten and insured by Aviva Canada Inc. As such, RBC Insurance is not directly exposed to climate-
                         related risks associated with these products. The property and casualty insurance industry as a whole
                         has exposure to longer-term shifts in climate patterns and extreme weather events, which may indirectly
                         impact our Insurance business results. We are continuing to advance our understanding of the impact of
                         acute and longer term weather events on travel insurance, and for life and health insurance products
                         sold to group/business clients.
                       • Our Personal & Commercial Banking businesses continue to provide products to support clients in the
                         net-zero transition, including financing for hybrid and electric vehicles, home energy retrofit financing,
                         ESG market-linked GICs and advisory and lending solutions for clean technology.

Climate risk – metrics & targets
We report annually on environmental performance metrics, including metrics for the value of sustainable financing,
environmental philanthropy through RBC Tech for Nature, financed emissions, and emissions reduction in our own operations.
We also published our initial interim emissions reduction targets for certain key high-emitting sectors in October 2022.




104    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
  Capital management
We actively manage our capital to maintain strong capital ratios and high ratings while providing strong returns to our
shareholders. In addition to the regulatory requirements, we consider the expectations of credit rating agencies, depositors and
shareholders, as well as our business plans, stress tests, peer comparisons and our internal capital ratio targets. Our goal is to
optimize our capital usage and structure, and to provide support for our business segments and clients. We also aim to generate
optimal returns for our shareholders, while protecting depositors and creditors.

Capital management framework
Our capital management framework establishes policies and processes for defining, measuring, raising and investing all forms of
capital in a coordinated and consistent manner. It sets our overall approach to capital management, including guiding principles
and roles and responsibilities relating to capital adequacy and transactions, dividends, solo capital, management of RWA,
leverage ratio exposures, TLAC capital and TLAC leverage ratios. We manage and monitor capital from several perspectives,
including regulatory capital, solo capital and TLAC.
     Our capital planning process is dynamic and involves various teams including Finance, Corporate Treasury, GRM, Economics
and our businesses, and covers internal capital ratio targets, potential capital transactions as well as projected dividend payouts
and share repurchases. This process considers our business operating plans, enterprise-wide stress testing and ICAAP,
regulatory capital changes and supervisory requirements, accounting changes, internal capital requirements, rating agency
metrics and solo capital.
     Our capital plan is established on an annual basis and is aligned with the management actions included in the annual
business operating plan, which includes forecast growth in assets and earnings taking into account our business strategies, the
projected market and economic environment, and peer positioning. This includes incorporating potential capital transactions
based on our projected internal capital generation, business forecasts, market conditions and other developments, such as
accounting and regulatory changes that may impact capital requirements. All of the components in the capital plan are
monitored throughout the year and are revised as deemed appropriate.
                                                                              Capital impacts of stress scenarios




                                  Capital impacts of                             Total capital requirements
                                  stress scenarios                                                             Capital Plan and
            Enterprise-wide
                                                               ICAAP                                              Business
             Stress Testing
                                                                                                                Operating Plan
                                                                                Capital available and target
                                                                                capital ratios


     Our enterprise-wide stress testing and annual ICAAP processes provide key inputs for capital planning, including setting
internal capital ratio targets. The stress scenarios are evaluated across the organization, and results are integrated to develop
an enterprise-wide view of financial impacts and capital requirements, which in turn facilitate the planning of mitigating actions
to absorb adverse events. ICAAP assesses capital adequacy and requirements covering all material risks, with a cushion for
plausible contingencies. In accordance with OSFI guidelines, major components of our ICAAP process include comprehensive risk
assessment, stress testing, capital assessment and planning, Board and senior management oversight, monitoring and reporting
and internal control review.
     Our internal capital targets are established to maintain robust capital positions in excess of OSFI’s Basel III regulatory
targets. The results of our enterprise-wide stress testing and ICAAP processes are incorporated into the OSFI Capital Buffers,
D-SIB/Globally Systemically Important Banks (G-SIB) surcharge, and Domestic Stability Buffer (DSB), with a view to ensure that
the bank has adequate capital to underpin risks and absorb losses under all plausible stress scenarios, including situations like
the recent COVID-19 pandemic, given our risk profile and appetite. In addition, we include a discretionary cushion on top of OSFI’s
regulatory targets to reflect our risk appetite, our forecasts of potential negative downturns and to maintain our capital strength
for forthcoming regulatory and accounting changes, peer comparatives, rating agencies sensitivities and solo capital level.
     The Board is responsible for the ultimate oversight of capital management, including the annual review and approval of the
capital plan. ALCO and GE share responsibility for capital management and receive regular reports detailing our compliance with
approved limits and guidelines. The Audit and Risk Committees jointly approve the ICAAP process.

Basel III
Our consolidated regulatory capital requirements are determined by guidelines issued by OSFI, which are based on the minimum
Basel III capital ratio requirements adopted by the BCBS.
     Under Basel III, banks select from two main approaches, the Standardized Approach (SA) or the IRB Approach, to calculate
their minimum regulatory capital required to support credit, market and operational risks. We adopted the Basel III IRB approach
to calculate credit risk capital for consolidated regulatory reporting purposes. While the majority of our credit risk exposures are
reported under the Basel III IRB Approach for regulatory capital purposes, certain portfolios continue to use the Basel III SA for
credit risk (for example, our Caribbean Banking operations and City National). For consolidated regulatory reporting of market
risk capital, we use both the Internal Models-based and Standardized Approaches, and for consolidated regulatory reporting of
operational risk capital we use the SA. We determine our regulatory leverage ratio based on OSFI’s LR Guideline, which reflects
the BCBS Basel III leverage ratio requirements.




                                                             Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   105
     All federally regulated banks with a Basel III leverage ratio total exposure exceeding €200 billion at their financial year-end
are required, at a minimum, to publicly disclose in the first quarter following their year-end, the twelve indicators used in the
G-SIB assessment methodology, with the goal of enhancing the transparency of the relative scale of banks’ potential global
systemic importance and data quality. The FSB publishes an updated list of G-SIBs annually. On November 21, 2022, we were
re-designated as a G-SIB by the FSB. This designation requires us to maintain a higher loss absorbency requirement (common
equity as a percentage of RWA) of 1% consistent with the D-SIB requirement.
     Effective November 1, 2021, OSFI’s TLAC guideline established two minimum standards: the risk-based TLAC ratio, which
builds on the risk-based capital ratios described in the CAR guideline, and the TLAC leverage ratio, which builds on the leverage
ratio described in OSFI’s LR guideline. The TLAC requirement is intended to address the sufficiency of a D-SIB’s loss absorbing
capacity in supporting its recapitalization in the event of its failure. TLAC is defined as the aggregate of Tier 1 capital, Tier 2
capital, and external TLAC instruments, which allow conversion in whole or in part into common shares under the CDIC Act and
meet all of the eligibility criteria under the TLAC guideline.
     OSFI requires all D-SIBs to publicly disclose their Pillar 2 DSB as part of their quarterly disclosures, similar to other current
capital-related disclosure requirements. The level of the Pillar 2 buffer ranges between 0% and 2.5% of the entity’s total RWA for
each of the six systemically important banks in Canada. The DSB requirements must be met at the CET1 capital level. OSFI
undertakes a review of the DSB on a semi-annual basis, in June and December, and will publicly announce any changes at that
time. On June 17, 2021, OSFI announced an increase in the DSB from 1.0% to 2.5% of total RWA effective October 31, 2021 and
reaffirmed this DSB level on June 22, 2022. The 2.5% continues to reflect the highest DSB requirement under OSFI capital
requirements.

In Q2 2020, OSFI announced a series of regulatory adjustments and guidance to support the financial and operational resilience
of the banking sector in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and continues, as needed, to release regulations implementing,
clarifying, updating or unwinding certain aspects or requirements. Such measures and guidance include:
•    Modifications for increases in expected credit loss provisions on CET1 capital by applying a 25% after-tax exclusion rate for
     growth in Stage 1 and Stage 2 allowances between Q1 2020 and the respective quarters of fiscal 2022. The exclusion rate was
     reduced to the current 25% in fiscal 2022 from 50% in fiscal 2021, and will cease to apply at the beginning of fiscal 2023. These
     modifications are not available for a financial institution’s IRB portfolio in any quarter in which the financial institution has a
     shortfall in allowances.
•    Exclusion of central bank reserves and sovereign-issued securities that qualify as HQLA from leverage ratio exposure
     amounts until December 31, 2021. On August 12, 2021, OSFI announced that the exclusion of sovereign-issued securities that
     qualify as HQLA from the leverage ratio exposure measure will not extend beyond December 31, 2021 and that central bank
     reserves will continue to be excluded from the leverage ratio exposure measure. On September 13, 2022, OSFI announced
     that exclusion of these central bank reserves from the leverage ratio will cease effective April 1, 2023.
•    Reduction in the current regulatory capital floor for financial institutions using the IRB approach from 75% to 70% of RWA
     under the SA. The reduced floor factor will remain in place until the adoption of the Basel III reforms in Q2 2023.
•    Clarification of the applicable capital and leverage ratio treatment of certain government relief programs.

    OSFI has assessed and will continue to assess the need for these relief measures. We have incorporated the above
adjustments and guidance, as applicable, into our results and in our ongoing capital planning activities.

The following table provides a summary of OSFI’s current regulatory target ratios under Basel III and Pillar 2 requirements. We
are in compliance with all current capital, leverage and TLAC requirements imposed by OSFI:

   Basel III – OSFI regulatory targets                                                                                                                                  Table 64

                                                                                                                                                                  Minimum
                                                                                                                                                                  including
                                                     OSFI regulatory target requirements
                                                                                                                            RBC capital                            Capital
                                                       for large banks under Basel III
                                                                                                                                and                                Buffers,
          Basel III                                                                                                                      Domestic                D-SIB/G-SIB
         capital and                                                                                                         leverage
                                                                                                                                         Stability              surcharge and
       leverage ratios                                                                                                      ratios as at
                                                                                                         Minimum                         Buffer (3)               Domestic
                                                       Minimum                                           including          October 31,
                                                                                                                                2022                               Stability
                                             Capital including D-SIB/G-SIB                                Capital
                                    Minimum Buffers (1) Capital surcharge (2)                          Buffers and                                                Buffer as at
                                                        Buffers                                        D-SIB/G-SIB                                                October 31,
                                                                                                       surcharge (2)                                                 2022
Common Equity Tier 1                    4.5%           2.5%           7.0%             1.0%                 8.0%                12.6%              2.5%               10.5%
Tier 1 capital                          6.0%           2.5%           8.5%             1.0%                 9.5%                13.8%              2.5%               12.0%
Total capital                           8.0%           2.5%          10.5%             1.0%                11.5%                15.4%              2.5%               14.0%
Leverage ratio                          3.0%            n.a.          3.0%              n.a.                3.0%                 4.4%               n.a.               3.0%
TLAC ratio (4)                         21.5%            n.a.         21.5%              n.a.               21.5%                26.4%              2.5%               24.0%
TLAC leverage ratio (4)                6.75%            n.a.         6.75%              n.a.               6.75%                 8.5%               n.a.              6.75%
(1)    The capital buffers include the capital conservation buffer and the countercyclical capital buffer as prescribed by OSFI.
(2)    A capital surcharge, equal to the higher of our D-SIB surcharge and the BCBS’s G-SIB surcharge, is applicable to risk-weighted capital.
(3)    The Domestic Stability Buffer can range from 0% to 2.5% of total RWA and is currently set at 2.5%, reaffirmed by OSFI on June 22, 2022.
(4)    Effective November 1, 2021, OSFI requires D-SIBs to meet minimum risk-based TLAC ratio and TLAC leverage ratio requirements which are calculated using OSFI’s TLAC guideline.
n.a.   not applicable




106       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Regulatory capital, TLAC available, RWA, capital and TLAC ratios
Under Basel III, capital consists of CET1, Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 capital, and external TLAC instruments.
     CET1 capital comprises the highest quality of capital. Regulatory adjustments under Basel III include full deductions of
certain items and additional capital components that are subject to threshold deductions.
     Tier 1 capital comprises predominantly CET1 and Additional Tier 1 items including non-cumulative preferred shares and
limited recourse capital notes (LRCNs) that meet certain criteria. Tier 2 capital primarily includes subordinated debentures that
meet certain criteria and certain loan loss allowances. Total capital is defined as the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. Preferred
shares, LRCNs, and subordinated debentures issued after January 1, 2013 require Non-viability contingent capital (NVCC) features
to be included into regulatory capital. NVCC requirements ensure that non-common regulatory capital instruments bear losses
before banks seek government funding.
     TLAC available is defined as the sum of Total capital and external TLAC instruments. External TLAC instruments comprise
predominantly senior bail-in debt, which includes eligible senior unsecured debt with an original term to maturity of greater than
400 days and remaining term to maturity of greater than 365 days.
     Capital ratios are calculated by dividing CET1, Tier 1, Total capital and TLAC available by total RWA.

The following chart provides a summary of the major components of CET1, Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 capital and external TLAC instruments.


                                                                                             TLAC Available

                                                                          Total Capital

                                                        Tier 1 Capital

                                   Common Equity                                                                                                        External TLAC
                                    Tier 1 (CET1) (1)           +   Additional Tier 1 Capital         +         Tier 2 Capital               +           Instruments

                               Common shares                        Preferred shares                      Subordinated debentures less            Senior bail-in debt
                               Retained earnings                    Limited recourse capital notes        amortization                            Amortized portion of subordinated
                               Other components of equity           Non-controlling interests in          Certain loan loss allowances            debentures
                               Non-controlling interests in         subsidiaries Tier 1 instruments       Non-controlling interests in
                               subsidiaries CET1 instruments                                              subsidiaries Tier 2 instruments


                               Goodwill and other intangibles       Non-significant investments in        Non-significant investments in          Investments in own TLAC
                               Deferred tax assets on loss          Tier 1 instruments of Financial       Tier 2 and TLAC instruments             instruments
                               carryforwards                        Institutions (3)                      of Financial Institutions (3)


               Deductions
                               Defined benefit pension fund         Significant investments in            Significant investments in
                               assets                               other Financial Institutions          other Financial Institutions
                               Non-significant investments          and Insurance subsidiaries            and Insurance subsidiaries
                               in CET1 instruments of               Tier 1 instruments                    Tier 2 and TLAC instruments
                               financial institutions (3)
                               Shortfall of provisions to
                               expected losses

                               Significant investments in

               Threshold
                               Insurance subsidiaries and
                               CET1 instruments in other
                               financial institutions

              Deductions (2)
                               Mortgage servicing rights
                               Deferred tax assets relating
                               to temporary differences

                                Higher quality                                                                                                                  Lower quality
                                   capital                                                                                                                        capital


    (1)   In accordance with OSFI’s regulatory adjustments announced in Q2 2020, and as discussed above, this includes capital modifications associated with Stage 1
          and 2 allowances which were subject to a 25% after-tax exclusion rate in fiscal 2022, and 50% in fiscal 2021. This guidance will cease to apply at the beginning of
          fiscal 2023.
    (2)   First level: The amount by which each of the items exceeds a 10% threshold of CET1 capital (after all deductions but before threshold deductions) will be
          deducted from CET1 capital. Second level: The aggregate amount of the three items not deducted from the first level above and in excess of 15% of CET1 capital
          after regulatory adjustments will be deducted from capital, and the remaining balance not deducted will be risk-weighted at 250%.
    (3)   Non-significant investments are subject to certain CAR criteria that drive the amount eligible for deduction.




                                                                                          Management’s Discussion and Analysis             Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   107
The following tables provide details on our regulatory capital, TLAC available, RWA, and on ratios for capital, leverage and TLAC.
Our capital position remains strong and our capital, leverage and TLAC ratios remain well above OSFI regulatory targets:
                  Regulatory capital, TLAC available, RWA and capital, leverage and TLAC ratios                                                    Table 65
                                                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                                                          October 31               October 31
            (Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts and as otherwise noted)                                 2022                     2021
            Capital (1)
              CET1 capital                                                                                           $     76,945              $     75,583
              Tier 1 capital                                                                                               84,242                    82,246
              Total capital                                                                                                93,850                    92,026
            Risk-weighted assets (RWA) used in calculation of capital ratios (1)
              Credit risk                                                                                            $ 496,898                 $ 444,142
              Market risk                                                                                               35,342                    34,806
              Operational risk                                                                                          77,639                    73,593
            Total RWA                                                                                                $ 609,879                 $ 552,541
            Capital ratios and Leverage ratio (1)
              CET1 ratio                                                                                                    12.6%                    13.7%
              Tier 1 capital ratio                                                                                          13.8%                    14.9%
              Total capital ratio                                                                                           15.4%                    16.7%
              Leverage ratio                                                                                                 4.4%                     4.9%
              Leverage ratio exposure (billions)                                                                     $      1,898              $      1,662
            TLAC available and ratios (2), (3)
              TLAC available                                                                                         $ 160,961                          n.a.
              TLAC ratio                                                                                                 26.4%                          n.a.
              TLAC leverage ratio                                                                                         8.5%                          n.a.
            (1)     Capital, RWA, and capital ratios are calculated using OSFI’s CAR guideline and the Leverage ratio is calculated using OSFI’s Leverage
                    Requirements (LR) guideline as updated in accordance with the regulatory guidance issued by OSFI in response to the COVID-19
                    pandemic. Both the CAR guideline and LR guideline are based on the Basel III framework.
            (2)     Effective November 1, 2021, OSFI requires D-SIBs to meet minimum risk-based TLAC ratio and TLAC leverage ratio requirements which are
                    calculated using OSFI’s TLAC guideline.
            (3)     The TLAC standard is applied at the resolution entity level which for us is deemed to be Royal Bank of Canada and its subsidiaries. A
                    resolution entity and its subsidiaries are collectively called a resolution group. Both the TLAC ratio and TLAC leverage ratio are
                    calculated using the TLAC available as percentage of total RWA and leverage exposure, respectively.
            n.a.    not applicable

                  Regulatory capital and TLAC available                                                                                            Table 66
                                                                                                                                       As at
                                                                                                                           October 31              October 31
            (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                    2022                    2021
            CET1 capital: instruments and reserves and regulatory adjustments
            Directly issued qualifying common share capital (and equivalent for
              non-joint stock companies) plus related stock surplus                                                   $     17,162             $     17,887
            Retained earnings                                                                                               77,859                   71,563
            Accumulated other comprehensive income (and other reserves)                                                      5,725                    2,533
            Directly issued capital subject to phase out from CET1 (only applicable to
              non-joint stock companies)                                                                                            –                      –
            Common share capital issued by subsidiaries and held by third parties
              (amount allowed in group CET1)                                                                                    11                       11
            Regulatory adjustments applied to CET1 under Basel III                                                         (23,812)                 (16,411)
            Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1)                                                                       $     76,945             $     75,583
            Additional Tier 1 capital: instruments and regulatory adjustments
            Directly issued qualifying Additional Tier 1 instruments plus related
              stock surplus                                                                                           $       7,294            $      6,661
            Directly issued capital instruments to phase out from Additional Tier 1                                               –                       –
            Additional Tier 1 instruments issued by subsidiaries and held by third parties
              (amount allowed in group AT1)                                                                                         3                      2
            Regulatory adjustments applied to Additional Tier 1 under Basel III                                                     –                      –
            Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1)                                                                           $       7,297            $      6,663
            Tier 1 capital (T1 = CET1 + AT1)                                                                          $     84,242             $     82,246
            Tier 2 capital: instruments and provisions and regulatory adjustments
            Directly issued qualifying Tier 2 instruments plus related stock surplus                                  $       8,587            $      8,443
            Directly issued capital instruments subject to phase out from Tier 2                                                  –                     448
            Tier 2 instruments issued by subsidiaries and held by third parties (amount
              allowed in group Tier 2)                                                                                            3                      26
            Collective allowance                                                                                              1,018                     863
            Regulatory adjustments applied to Tier 2 under Basel III                                                              –                       –
            Tier 2 capital (T2)                                                                                       $       9,608            $      9,780

            Total capital (T1 + T2)                                                                                   $     93,850             $     92,026
            External TLAC: instruments and regulatory adjustments
            External TLAC instruments                                                                                 $     66,528                      n.a.
            Amortised portion of T2 instruments where remaining maturity > 1 year                                              818                      n.a.
            Regulatory adjustments applied to TLAC under Basel III                                                            (235)                     n.a.
            TLAC available (Total capital + External TLAC)                                                            $ 160,961                         n.a.
            n.a.    not applicable

108   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Management’s Discussion and Analysis
2022 vs. 2021

          Continuity of CET1 ratio (Basel III)

                               286 bps         (130) bps


                                                                (109) bps

                                                                                  (98) bps
               13.7%
                                                                                                   (41) bps
                                                                                                                    (40) bps          27 bps            12.6%




            October 31,      Net income        Dividends      RWA growth       Share               Brewin          Fair value        Other (3)       October 31,
              2021 (1)            (2)              (2)       (excluding FX) repurchases           Dolphin             OCI                             2022 (1)
                                                                                                 acquisition      adjustments


    (1)    Represents rounded figures.
    (2)    Represents net internal capital generation of $9 billion or 156 bps consisting of Net income available to shareholders, less common and preferred share
           dividends and distributions on other equity instruments.
    (3)    Includes net credit migration of 14 bps, model updates of 13 bps and other movements.


Our CET1 ratio was 12.6%, down 110 bps from last year, mainly reflecting RWA growth (excluding FX), share repurchases, the
impact of our Brewin Dolphin acquisition, and the unfavourable impact of fair value OCI adjustments. These factors were
partially offset by net internal capital generation, favourable net credit migration and model updates.
    Our Tier 1 capital ratio of 13.8% was down 110 bps, reflecting the factors noted above under the CET1 ratio and a favourable
impact from the net issuance of preferred shares.
    Our Total capital ratio of 15.4% was down 130 bps, reflecting the factors noted above under the Tier 1 capital ratio and a
favourable impact from the net issuance of subordinated debentures.

Our Leverage ratio of 4.4% was down 50 bps, mainly reflecting share repurchases, business-driven growth in leverage exposures,
lower regulatory modifications, the unfavourable impact of fair value OCI adjustments, and the impact of our Brewin Dolphin
acquisition. These factors were partially offset by net internal capital generation.
    Leverage exposures increased by $236 billion mainly driven by business growth in retail and wholesale loans, and undrawn
commitments. The impact of foreign exchange translation and lower regulatory modifications, mainly due to the reversal of the
sovereign-issued securities qualifying as HQLA, also contributed to the increase.

Our TLAC ratio of 26.4% was up 70 bps from 25.7% as at October 31, 2021, reflecting a favourable impact from the net issuance of
external TLAC instruments, partially offset by the factors noted above under the Total capital ratio.
     Our TLAC leverage ratio of 8.5% was down 10 bps from 8.6%, as at October 31, 2021, reflecting the factors noted above under
the Leverage ratio, partially offset by a favourable impact from the net issuance of external TLAC instruments.
     External TLAC instruments include long-term senior debt subject to conversion into common shares under the Bail-in regime.
For further details, refer to Deposit and funding profile in the Liquidity and funding risk section.

Basel III RWA
OSFI requires banks to meet minimum risk-based capital requirements for exposures to credit risk, operational risk, and where
they have significant trading activity, market risk. RWA is calculated for each of these risk types and added together to determine
total RWA. In addition, a minimum capital floor requirement must be maintained as prescribed under OSFI’s CAR guidelines which
is currently set to 70% of RWA as calculated under current Basel III standardized credit risk and market risk approaches as
defined in the CAR guidelines. If the capital requirement is less than the required threshold, a floor adjustment to RWA must be
applied to the reported RWA as prescribed by OSFI’s CAR guidelines.




                                                                                 Management’s Discussion and Analysis        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   109
      Total risk-weighted assets                                                                                                                                Table 67

                                                                                                         2022                                                          2021
                                                                                                                  Risk-weighted assets
                                                                                Average
As at October 31 (Millions of Canadian dollars,                                   of risk-     Standardized       Advanced
except percentage amounts)                                       Exposure (1) weights (2)         approach        approach           Other            Total            Total
Credit risk
  Lending-related and other
    Residential mortgages (3)                                $    500,986             8% $ 13,518 $ 28,144 $                             – $ 41,662            $    34,958
    Other retail (3)                                              245,633            27%    8,307   57,199                               –   65,506                 63,422
    Business                                                      476,896            50%   72,399  166,424                               –  238,823                200,553
    Sovereign                                                     340,529             5%    3,034   12,876                               –   15,910                 14,412
    Bank                                                           30,348            18%    1,484    3,999                               –    5,483                  4,756
      Total lending-related and other                        $ 1,594,392             23% $ 98,742 $ 268,642 $                            – $ 367,384           $ 318,101
      Trading-related
        Repo-style transactions                              $    987,066             1% $             18 $ 8,557 $     93 $ 8,668                             $     9,537
        Derivatives                                               137,865            29%            2,284   21,566  16,288   40,138                                 42,377
      Total trading-related                                  $ 1,124,931               4% $         2,302 $ 30,123 $ 16,381 $ 48,806                           $    51,914
      Total lending-related and other and
        trading-related                                      $ 2,719,323            15% $ 101,044 $ 298,765 $ 16,381 $ 416,190                                 $ 370,015
      Bank book equities                                           4,346           131%         –     5,682        –     5,682                                     5,474
      Securitization exposures                                    74,839            17%     5,912     6,631        –    12,543                                    10,328
      Regulatory scaling factor                                      n.a.            n.a.     n.a.   18,267      n.a.   18,267                                    16,485
      Other assets                                                31,620           140%       n.a.      n.a.  44,216    44,216                                    41,840
Total credit risk                                            $ 2,830,128             18% $ 106,956 $ 329,345 $ 60,597 $ 496,898                                $ 444,142
Market risk
 Interest rate                                                                                 $    2,321         10,935                 –        13,256       $    14,380
 Equity                                                                                             2,538          1,463                 –         4,001             4,178
 Foreign exchange                                                                                   3,394            341                 –         3,735             3,083
 Commodities                                                                                        1,630            120                 –         1,750               762
 Specific risk                                                                                      7,370          1,041                 –         8,411             7,601
 Incremental risk charge                                                                                –          4,189                 –         4,189             4,802
Total market risk                                                                              $ 17,253 $ 18,089 $                       – $ 35,342            $    34,806
Operational risk                                                                               $ 77,639                   –           n.a. $ 77,639            $    73,593
Total risk-weighted assets                                   $ 2,830,128                       $ 201,848 $ 347,434 $ 60,597 $ 609,879                          $ 552,541
(1)     Total exposure represents EAD which is the expected gross exposure upon the default of an obligor. This amount is before any allowance against impaired loans or
        partial write-offs and does not reflect the impact of credit risk mitigation and collateral held.
(2)     Represents the average of counterparty risk weights within a particular category.
(3)     Home equity line of credit (HELOC) exposures under the IRB Approach reported as “Other Retail” in this table have now been grouped with Residential Mortgages to
        ensure consistent classification between the Standardized Approach and the IRB Approach. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with this
        presentation.
n.a.    not applicable


2022 vs. 2021
During the year, RWA was up $57 billion, mainly reflecting business growth in commercial and corporate lending, and residential
mortgages, as well as the impact of foreign exchange translation. These factors were partially offset by favourable net credit
migration, primarily in our wholesale portfolios, and model updates. The model updates mainly reflect the impact of the Q2 2020
period of significant market volatility no longer being reflected in our two-year historical VaR period. In our CET1 ratio the impact
of foreign exchange translation on RWA is largely mitigated with economic hedges.




110       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Selected capital management activity

                   Selected capital management activity                                                                                    Table 68
                                                                                                   For the year ended October 31, 2022

                                                                                           Issuance or                 Number of
             (Millions of Canadian dollars, except number of shares)                   redemption date              shares (000s)           Amount
             Tier 1 capital
             Common shares activity
               Issued in connection with share-based
                 compensation plans (1)                                                                                   1,270             $     99
               Purchased for cancellation (2)                                                                           (40,866)                (509)
             Issuance of preferred shares, Series BT (2), (3)                        November 5, 2021                       750                  750
             Redemption of preferred shares, Series BJ (2), (3)                      February 24, 2022                   (6,000)                (150)
             Tier 2 capital
             Issuance of May 3, 2032 subordinated
               debentures (3), (4)                                                     January 25, 2022                                         1,000
             (1)     Amounts include cash received for stock options exercised during the period and fair value adjustments to stock options.
             (2)     For further details, refer to Note 20 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
             (3)     NVCC instruments.
             (4)     For further details, refer to Note 19 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.


On December 6, 2021, we announced a normal course issuer bid (NCIB) to purchase up to 45 million of our common shares,
commencing on December 8, 2021 and continuing until December 7, 2022, or such earlier date as we complete the repurchase of
all shares permitted under the bid. Since the inception of this NCIB, the total number of common shares repurchased and
cancelled was approximately 41 million, at a cost of approximately $5,426 million.
     We determine the amount and timing of purchases under the NCIB, subject to prior consultation with OSFI. Purchases may
be made through the TSX, the NYSE and other designated exchanges and alternative Canadian trading systems. The price paid
for repurchased shares is the prevailing market price at the time of acquisition.
     On November 5, 2021, we issued 750 thousand of Non-Cumulative 5-Year Fixed Rate Reset First Preferred Shares Series BT to
certain institutional investors at a price of $1,000 per share.
     On January 25, 2022, we issued $1,000 million of NVCC subordinated debentures. The notes bear interest at a fixed rate of
2.94% per annum until May 3, 2027, and at the three-month CDOR plus 0.76% thereafter until their maturity on May 3, 2032.
     On February 24, 2022, we redeemed all 6 million of our issued and outstanding Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares
Series BJ at a price of $25.75 per share.

Dividends
Our common share dividend policy reflects our earnings outlook, payout ratio objective and the need to maintain adequate
levels of capital to support business plans. In 2022, our dividend payout ratio was 45%. Common share dividends paid during the
year were $7 billion.




                                                                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   111
      Selected share data (1)                                                                                                                                          Table 69

                                                                                         2022                                                         2021
                                                                                                          Dividends                                                   Dividends
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except number of shares              Number of                              declared              Number of                             declared
and as otherwise noted)                                          shares (000s)            Amount          per share           shares (000s)           Amount          per share
Common shares issued                                                  1,385,591          $17,318             $ 4.96                 1,425,187         $ 17,728           $ 4.32
Treasury shares – common shares (2)                                      (2,680)            (334)                                        (662)             (73)
Common shares outstanding                                             1,382,911          $16,984                                    1,424,525         $ 17,655
Stock options and awards
  Outstanding                                                               7,535                                                         7,653
  Exercisable                                                               3,502                                                         3,273
  Available for grant                                                       4,696                                                         5,847
First preferred shares issued
  Non-cumulative Series AZ (3), (4)                                       20,000         $     500         $ 0.93                       20,000        $      500        $ 0.93
  Non-cumulative Series BB (3), (4)                                       20,000               500            0.91                      20,000               500           0.91
  Non-cumulative Series BD (3), (4)                                       24,000               600            0.80                      24,000               600           0.80
  Non-cumulative Series BF (3), (4)                                       12,000               300            0.75                      12,000               300           0.75
  Non-cumulative Series BH (4)                                             6,000               150            1.23                       6,000               150           1.23
  Non-cumulative Series BI (4)                                             6,000               150            1.23                       6,000               150           1.23
  Non-cumulative Series BJ (4)                                                 –                 –            0.33                       6,000               150           1.31
  Non-cumulative Series BO (3), (4)                                       14,000               350            1.20                      14,000               350           1.20
  Non-cumulative Series BT (3), (4), (5)                                     750               750          4.20%                            –                 –              –
  Non-cumulative Series C-2 (6)                                               15                23       US$ 67.50                          15                23      US$ 67.50
Other equity instruments issued
  Limited recourse capital notes
     Series 1 (3), (4), (7), (8)                                            1,750            1,750             4.50%                      1,750           1,750            4.50%
  Limited recourse capital notes
     Series 2 (3), (4), (7), (8)                                            1,250            1,250             4.00%                      1,250           1,250            4.00%
  Limited recourse capital notes
     Series 3 (3), (4), (7), (8)                                            1,000            1,000             3.65%                      1,000           1,000            3.65%
Preferred shares and other equity
  instruments issued                                                    106,765          $ 7,323                                      112,015         $ 6,723
Treasury instruments – preferred shares
  and other equity instruments (2)                                             (12)               (5)                                      (164)             (39)
Preferred shares and other equity
  instruments outstanding                                               106,753          $ 7,318                                      111,851         $ 6,684
Dividends on common shares                                                               $ 6,946                                                      $ 6,158
Dividends on preferred shares and
  distributions on other equity
  instruments (9)                                                                              247                                                           257
(1)     For further details about our capital management activity, refer to Note 20 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
(2)     Positive amounts represent a short position and negative amounts represent a long position.
(3)     Dividend rate will reset every five years.
(4)     NVCC instruments.
(5)     The dividends declared per share represent per annum dividend rate applicable to the shares issued as at the reporting date.
(6)     Represents 615,400 depositary shares relating to preferred shares Series C-2. Each depositary share represents one-fortieth interest in a share of Series C-2.
(7)     For Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN) Series, the number of shares represent the number of notes issued and the dividends declared per share represent the annual
        interest rate percentage applicable to the notes issued as at the reporting date.
(8)     In connection with the issuance of LRCN Series 1, on July 28, 2020, we issued $1,750 million of First Preferred Shares Series BQ (Series BQ); in connection with the issuance
        of LRCN Series 2, on November 2, 2020, we issued $1,250 million of First Preferred Shares Series BR (Series BR); and in connection with the issuance of LRCN Series 3, on
        June 8, 2021, we issued $1,000 million of First Preferred Shares Series BS (Series BS). The Series BQ, BR and BS preferred shares were issued at a price of $1,000 per share
        and were issued to a consolidated trust to be held as trust assets in connection with the LRCN structure. For further details, refer to Note 20 of our 2022 Annual
        Consolidated Financial Statements.
(9)     Excludes distributions to non-controlling interests.




112       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Management’s Discussion and Analysis
As at November 25, 2022, the number of outstanding common shares was 1,382,866,527, net of treasury shares held of 2,788,345,
and the number of stock options and awards was 7,471,143.
     NVCC provisions require the conversion of the capital instrument into a variable number of common shares in the event that
OSFI deems a bank to be non-viable or a federal or provincial government in Canada publicly announces that a bank has
accepted or agreed to accept a capital injection. If a NVCC trigger event were to occur, our NVCC capital instruments as at
October 31, 2022, which were the preferred shares Series AZ, BB, BD, BF, BH, BI, BO, BT, LRCN Series 1, LRCN Series 2, LRCN
Series 3 and subordinated debentures due on January 27, 2026, July 25, 2029, December 23, 2029, June 30, 2030, January 28, 2033,
November 3, 2031, and May 3, 2032 would be converted into common shares pursuant to an automatic conversion formula with a
conversion price based on the greater of: (i) a contractual floor price of $5.00, and (ii) the current market price of our common
shares at the time of the trigger event (10-day weighted average). Based on a floor price of $5.00 and including an estimate for
accrued dividends and interest, these NVCC capital instruments would convert into a maximum of 4,541 million common shares,
in aggregate, which would represent a dilution impact of 76.66% based on the number of common shares outstanding as at
October 31, 2022.

Attributed capital
Our methodology for allocating capital to our business segments is based on the Basel III regulatory capital requirements, with
the exception of Insurance. For Insurance, the allocation of capital is based on fully diversified economic capital. Risk-based
capital attribution provides a uniform base for performance measurement among business segments, which compares to our
overall corporate return objective and facilitates management decisions in resource allocation in conjunction with other factors.
     The calculation and attribution of capital involves a number of assumptions and judgments by management which are
monitored to ensure that the regulatory capital framework remains comprehensive and consistent. The models are benchmarked
to leading industry practices via participation in surveys, reviews of methodologies and ongoing interaction with external risk
management industry professionals.

For additional information on the risks highlighted below, refer to the Risk management section.

                                                                                                             RWA (C$ millions) (1)             Attributed capital (1)
                                                                                                             Credit       $496,898             Credit           63%
                                                                                                             Market         35,342             Market              6
                                                                                                             Operational 77,639                Operational       11
                                                                                                                          $609,879             Goodwill
                                                                            Royal Bank of                                                      and other
                                                                              Canada                                                           intangibles       16
                                                                                                                                               Other (2)           4




         Personal &
                                            Wealth                                                             Investor &
         Commercial                                                             Insurance                                                       Capital Markets
                                          Management                                                        Treasury Services
          Banking




      RWA (C$ millions) (1)             RWA (C$ millions) (1)              RWA (C$ millions) (1), (3)        RWA (C$ millions) (1)              RWA (C$ millions) (1)
      Credit       $179,465             Credit       $100,949              Credit        $15,507             Credit        $16,478              Credit       $174,661
      Market              272           Market              693            Market                     –      Market          3,727              Market         28,820
      Operational 30,347                Operational 22,637                 Operational                –      Operational     4,587              Operational 19,774
                   $210,084                          $124,279                            $15,507                           $24,792                           $223,255




      Attributed capital (1)            Attributed capital (1)             Attributed capital (1)            Attributed capital (1)             Attributed capital (1)
      Credit           67%              Credit           50%               Based on Economic                 Credit           57%               Credit           69%
      Market              –             Market              –              Capital:                          Market            10               Market            13
      Operational       12              Operational       12               Credit           12%              Operational       16               Operational         8
      Goodwill                          Goodwill                           Market            14              Goodwill                           Goodwill
      and other                         and other                          Operational         8             and other                          and other
      intangibles        16             intangibles       36               Goodwill                          intangibles       15               intangibles         7
      Other (2)           5             Other (2)           2              and other                         Other (2)           2              Other (2)           3
                                                                           intangibles       10
                                                                           Other (2)         56

(1)   RWA amount represents period-end spot balances. Attributed Capital represents average balances.
(2)   Other includes (a) non-Insurance segments: equity required to underpin Basel III regulatory capital deductions other than Goodwill and other intangibles as well as
      capital modifications for expected loss provisioning and (b) Insurance segment: equity required to underpin risks associated with business, fixed assets and insurance
      risks.
(3)   Insurance RWA represents our investments in the insurance subsidiaries capitalized at the regulatory prescribed rate as required under the OSFI CAR guideline.




                                                                                   Management’s Discussion and Analysis      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022          113
Other considerations affecting capital
Capital treatment for equity investments in other entities is determined by a combination of accounting and regulatory
guidelines based on the size or nature of the investment. Three broad approaches apply as follows:
•   Consolidation: entities which we control are consolidated on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
•   Deduction: certain holdings are deducted from our regulatory capital. These include all unconsolidated “substantial
    investments,” as defined by the Bank Act (Canada) in the capital of financial institutions, as well as all investments in
    insurance subsidiaries.
•   Risk-weighting: equity investments that are not deducted from capital are risk-weighted at a prescribed rate for
    determination of capital charges.

Regulatory capital approach for securitization exposures
Our securitization regulatory capital approach reflects Chapter 7 of OSFI’s CAR guidelines. For our securitization exposures, we
use an internal assessment approach (IAA) for exposures related to our ABCP business, and as per regulatory guidelines for
other securitization exposures we use a combination of approaches including an external ratings based approach, an IRB
approach and a standardized approach.
     While our IAA rating methodologies are based in large part on criteria that are published by External Credit Assessment
Institutions (ECAIs) such as S&P and therefore are similar to the methodologies used by these institutions, they are not identical.
Our ratings process includes a comparison of the available credit enhancement in a securitization structure to a stressed level of
projected losses. The stress level used is determined by the desired risk profile of the transaction. As a result, we stress the cash
flows of a given transaction at a higher level in order to achieve a higher rating. Conversely, transactions that only pass lower
stress levels achieve lower ratings.
     Most of the other securitization exposures (non-ABCP) carry external ratings and we use the external rating for determining
the proper capital allocation for these positions. We periodically compare our own ratings to ECAIs ratings to ensure that the
ratings provided by ECAIs are reasonable.
     GRM is responsible for providing risk assessments for capital purposes in respect of all our banking book exposures. GRM is
independent of the business originating the securitization exposures and performs its own analysis, sometimes in conjunction
with but always independent of the applicable business. GRM has developed asset class specific criteria guidelines which
provide the rating methodologies for each asset class. The guidelines are reviewed periodically and are subject to the ratings
replication process mandated by Pillar I of the Basel rules.

Regulatory developments
Basel III reforms
On November 11, 2021, BCBS finalized the disclosure requirements for the Minimum capital requirements for market risk
standards published in January 2019.
     On January 31, 2022, OSFI announced revised capital, leverage, liquidity and disclosure rules that incorporate the final BCBS
Basel III reforms. The revised rules include new CAR, LR, LAR guidelines and related Pillar 3 disclosure requirements. The revised
CAR (other than credit valuation adjustment and market risk), LR and Pillar 3 guidelines come into effect for us in Q2 2023. The
revised LAR guidelines are effective for us on April 1, 2023. The revised CVA and market risk chapters of the CAR guidelines are
effective for us in Q1 2024. We continue to assess the impact of the revised frameworks and are taking appropriate steps to ensure
we are ready for adoption in Q2 2023 and Q1 2024. We do not anticipate any issues in complying with the new framework
requirements. We expect to continue to engage with OSFI on the domestic implementation of the Basel III reforms and are taking
appropriate steps to ensure required adoption readiness based on guidance provided to date.

Assurance on Capital, Leverage and Liquidity Returns
On November 7, 2022, OSFI released a new guideline – Assurance on Capital, Leverage and Liquidity Returns, which establishes
expectations on OSFI’s assurance requirements over regulatory returns. This guideline provides principles-based and risk-based
guidance to external auditors and institutions in an effort to enhance and align these expectations across all federally regulated
financial institutions (FRFIs). This guidance will be effective for us beginning in fiscal 2023. We are assessing the finalised
requirements and we do not anticipate any issues in meeting OSFI’s minimum assurance requirements for our regulatory filings
related to our capital (including TLAC), leverage and liquidity returns.

      Accounting and control matters

      Critical accounting policies and estimates

Application of critical accounting policies, judgments, estimates and assumptions
Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain of
these policies and related estimates are recognized as critical because they require us to make particularly subjective or
complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and significantly different amounts could be reported under
different conditions or using different assumptions. Our critical accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions relate to the
fair value of financial instruments, ACL, goodwill and other intangible assets, employee benefits, consolidation, derecognition of
financial assets, application of the effective interest method, provisions, insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities, and
income taxes. Our critical accounting policies and estimates have been reviewed and approved by our Audit Committee, in
consultation with management, as part of their review and approval of our significant accounting policies, judgments, estimates
and assumptions.

Fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of a financial instrument is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We determine fair value by incorporating factors that
market participants would consider in setting a price, including commonly accepted valuation approaches.


114       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
     We give priority to third-party pricing services and valuation techniques with the highest and most consistent accuracy. The level
of accuracy is determined over time by comparing third-party price values to traders’ or system values, other pricing service values
and, when available, actual trade data. Other valuation techniques are used when a price or quote is not available. Some valuation
processes use models to determine fair value. We have a systematic and consistent approach to control the use of models.
     In determining fair value, a hierarchy is used which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques. The fair value hierarchy
gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. Fair
values established based on this hierarchy require the use of observable market data whenever available. Level 1 inputs are
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access at the
measurement date. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for
identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and model inputs that are either observable, or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 inputs include one or
more inputs that are unobservable and significant to the fair value of the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs are used to
measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available at the measurement date. The availability of inputs for
valuation may affect the selection of valuation techniques. The classification of a financial instrument in the fair value hierarchy
for disclosure purposes is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement of fair value.
     Where observable prices or inputs are not available, management judgment is required to determine fair values by
assessing other relevant sources of information such as historical data, proxy information from similar transactions, and through
extrapolation and interpolation techniques. For more complex or illiquid instruments, significant judgment is required to
determine the model used, select the model inputs, and in some cases, apply valuation adjustments to the model value or quoted
price for inactively traded financial instruments. The selection of model inputs may be subjective and the inputs may be
unobservable. Unobservable inputs are inherently uncertain as there is little or no market data available from which to
determine the level at which the transaction would occur under normal business circumstances. Appropriate parameter
uncertainty and market risk valuation adjustments for such inputs and other model risk valuation adjustments are assessed in all
such instances.
     Valuation adjustments may be subjective as they require significant judgment in the input selection, such as the PD and
recovery rate, and are intended to arrive at a fair value that is determined based on assumptions that market participants would
use in pricing the financial instrument. The realized price for a transaction may be different from its recorded value that was
previously estimated using management judgment, and may therefore impact unrealized gains and losses recognized in
Non-interest income – Trading revenue or Other.
     For further information on the fair value of financial instruments, refer to Notes 2 and 3 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Allowance for credit losses
An ACL is established for all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated as FVTPL and equity securities
designated as FVOCI, which are not subject to impairment assessment. Assets subject to impairment assessment include certain
loans, debt securities, interest-bearing deposits with banks, customers’ liability under acceptances, accounts and accrued
interest receivable, and finance and operating lease receivables. Off-balance sheet items subject to impairment assessment
include financial guarantees and undrawn loan commitments.
     We measure the ACL on each balance sheet date according to a three-stage expected credit loss impairment model:
     •    Performing financial assets
          •   Stage 1 – From initial recognition of a financial asset to the date on which the asset has experienced a significant
              increase in credit risk relative to its initial recognition, a loss allowance is recognized equal to the credit losses
              expected to result from defaults occurring over the 12 months following the reporting date.
          •   Stage 2 – Following a significant increase in credit risk relative to the initial recognition of the financial asset, a loss
              allowance is recognized equal to the credit losses expected over the remaining lifetime of the asset.
     •    Impaired financial assets
          •   Stage 3 – When a financial asset is considered to be credit-impaired, a loss allowance is recognized equal to credit
              losses expected over the remaining lifetime of the asset. Interest income is calculated based on the carrying
              amount of the asset, net of the loss allowance, rather than on its gross carrying amount.

The ACL is a discounted probability-weighted estimate of the cash shortfalls expected to result from defaults over the relevant
time horizon. For loan commitments, credit loss estimates consider the portion of the commitment that is expected to be drawn
over the relevant time period. For financial guarantees, credit loss estimates are based on the expected payments required under
the guarantee contract. For finance lease receivables, credit loss estimates are based on cash flows consistent with the cash
flows used in measuring the lease receivable.
     The ACL represents an unbiased estimate of expected credit losses on our financial assets as at the balance sheet date.
Judgment is required in making assumptions and estimations when calculating the ACL, including movements between the three
stages, the inclusion of forward looking information and the application of expert credit judgment. The underlying assumptions
and estimates may result in changes to the provisions from period to period that significantly affect our results of operations.
     For further information on ACL, refer to Notes 2, 4 and 5 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.

Goodwill and other intangible assets
We allocate goodwill to groups of cash-generating units (CGU). Goodwill is not amortized and is tested for impairment on an
annual basis, or more frequently if there are objective indications of impairment. We test for impairment by comparing the
recoverable amount of a CGU with its carrying amount.
     We estimate the value in use and fair value less costs of disposal of our CGUs primarily using a discounted cash flow method
which incorporates each CGU’s internal forecasts of revenues and expenses. Significant management judgment is applied in the
determination of expected future cash flows (uncertainty in timing and amount), discount rates (based on CGU-specific risks)
and terminal growth rates. CGU-specific risks include country risk, business/operational risk, geographic risk (including political
risk, devaluation risk and government regulation), currency risk and price risk (including product pricing risk and inflation). If the
future cash flows and other assumptions in future periods deviate significantly from the current amounts used in our impairment
testing, the value of our goodwill could become impaired.

                                                                 Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   115
    We assess for indicators of impairment of our other intangible assets at each reporting period. If there is an indication that
an asset may be impaired, an impairment test is performed by comparing the carrying amount of the intangible asset to its
recoverable amount. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, we estimate the
recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs. Significant judgment is applied in estimating the useful lives and
recoverable amounts of our intangible assets and assessing whether certain events or circumstances constitute objective
evidence of impairment. We do not have any intangible assets with indefinite lives.
    For further details, refer to Notes 2 and 11 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.

Employee benefits
We sponsor a number of benefit programs for eligible employees, including registered pension plans, supplemental pension
plans, health, dental, disability and life insurance plans.
    The calculation of defined benefit expenses and obligations depends on various assumptions such as discount rates,
healthcare cost trend rates, projected salary increases, retirement age, and mortality and termination rates. Discount rates are
determined using a yield curve based on spot rates from high quality corporate bonds. All other assumptions are determined by
us and are reviewed by the actuaries. Actual experience that differs from the actuarial assumptions will affect the amounts of
benefit obligations and remeasurements that we recognize. The weighted average assumptions used and the sensitivity of key
assumptions are presented in Note 17 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.

Consolidation of structured entities
Subsidiaries are those entities, including structured entities, over which we have control. We control an entity when we are
exposed, or have rights, to variable returns from our involvement with the entity and have the ability to affect those returns
through our power over the investee. We have power over an entity when we have existing rights that give us the current ability
to direct the activities that most significantly affect the entity’s returns (relevant activities). Power may be determined on the
basis of voting rights or, in the case of structured entities, other contractual arrangements.
     We are not deemed to control an entity when we exercise power over an entity as the agent of a third party or parties. In
determining whether we are acting as an agent, we consider the overall relationship between us, the investee and other parties
to the arrangement with respect to the following factors: (i) the scope of our decision-making power; (ii) the rights held by other
parties; (iii) the remuneration to which we are entitled; and (iv) our exposure to variability of returns.
     The determination of control is based on the current facts and circumstances and is continuously assessed. In some
circumstances, different factors and conditions may indicate that various parties control an entity depending on whether those
factors and conditions are assessed in isolation or in totality. Significant judgment is applied in determining whether we control
an entity, specifically, assessing whether we have substantive decision-making rights over the relevant activities and whether we
are exercising our power as a principal or an agent.
     We consolidate all subsidiaries from the date control is transferred to us, and cease consolidation when an entity is no
longer controlled by us. Our consolidation conclusions affect the classification and amount of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements.
     For further details, refer to Note 8 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.

Derecognition of financial assets
We periodically enter into transactions in which we transfer financial assets such as loans or MBS to structured entities or trusts
that issue securities to investors. We derecognize the assets when our contractual rights to the cash flows from the assets have
expired; when we retain the rights to receive the cash flows but assume an obligation to pay those cash flows to a third party
subject to certain pass-through requirements; or when we transfer our contractual rights to receive the cash flows and
substantially all of the risks and rewards of the assets have been transferred. When we retain substantially all of the risks and
rewards of the transferred assets, the transferred assets are not derecognized from our Consolidated Balance Sheets and are
accounted for as secured financing transactions. When we neither retain nor transfer substantially all risks and rewards of
ownership of the assets, we derecognize the assets if control over the assets is relinquished. If we retain control over the
transferred assets, we continue to recognize the transferred assets to the extent of our continuing involvement. Management
judgment is applied in determining whether we have transferred or retained substantially all risk and rewards of ownership of the
transferred financial asset.
     The majority of assets transferred under repurchase agreements, securities lending agreements, and in our Canadian
residential mortgage securitization transactions do not qualify for derecognition. As a result, we continue to record the
associated transferred assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and no gains or losses are recognized for those securitization
activities. Otherwise, a gain or loss is recognized on securitization by comparing the carrying amount of the transferred asset
with its fair value at the date of the transfer. For further information on derecognition of financial assets, refer to Notes 2 and 7 of
our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.

Application of the effective interest method
Interest is recognized in Interest income and Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income generally for all interest
bearing financial instruments using the effective interest method. The effective interest rate is the rate that discounts estimated
future cash flows over the expected life of the financial asset or liability to the net carrying amount upon initial recognition.
Significant judgment is applied in determining the effective interest rate due to uncertainty in the timing and amounts of future
cash flows.

Provisions
Provisions are liabilities of uncertain timing or amount and are recognized when we have a present legal or constructive
obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and a
reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are measured as the best estimate of the consideration
required to settle the present obligation at the reporting date. Significant judgment is required in determining whether a present
obligation exists and in estimating the probability, timing and amount of any outflows. We record provisions related to litigation,
asset retirement obligations and other items.


116   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
    The forward-looking nature of these estimates requires us to use a significant amount of judgment in projecting the timing
and amount of future cash flows. We record our provisions on the basis of all available information at the end of the reporting
period and make adjustments on a quarterly basis to reflect current expectations. Should actual results differ from our
expectations, we may incur expenses in excess of the provisions recognized.

Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities
Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities represent current claims and estimates for future insurance policy benefits.
Liabilities for life insurance contracts are determined using the Canadian Asset Liability Method, which incorporates
assumptions for mortality, morbidity, policy lapses and surrenders, investment yields, policy dividends, operating and policy
maintenance expenses, and provisions for adverse deviation. Key assumptions are reviewed annually and updated in response
to actual experience and market conditions. Liabilities for property and casualty insurance represent estimated provisions for
reported and unreported claims. Liabilities for life and property and casualty insurance are included in Insurance claims and
policy benefit liabilities. Changes in Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities are included in the Insurance policyholder
benefits, claims and acquisition expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income in the period in which the estimates change.
Refer to Note 15 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Income taxes
We are subject to income tax laws in various jurisdictions where we operate, and the complex tax laws are potentially subject to
different interpretations by us and the relevant taxation authority. Management judgment is applied in interpreting the relevant
tax laws, in assessing the probability of acceptance of our tax positions by the relevant tax authorities and in estimating the
expected timing and amount of the provision for current and deferred income taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is determined
for each temporary difference based on the tax rates that are expected to be in effect in the period that the asset is realized or
the liability is settled, except for earnings related to our subsidiaries, branches, associates and interests in joint ventures where
the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future and we have the ability to control the timing of reversal.
     On a quarterly basis, we review whether it is probable that the benefits associated with our deferred tax assets will be
realized, using both positive and negative evidence. Refer to Note 22 of our 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for
further information.

Future changes in accounting policy and disclosure
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17)
In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 to establish a comprehensive insurance standard which provides guidance on the
recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of insurance contracts. IFRS 17 requires entities to measure insurance
contract liabilities at their current fulfillment values using one of three approaches depending on the nature of the contract. In
June 2020, the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 17, including deferral of the effective date by two years. This new standard will be
effective for us on November 1, 2023 and will be applied retrospectively with restatement of comparatives. If full retrospective
application to a group of contracts is impracticable, the modified retrospective or fair value approach may be used. To manage
the transition to IFRS 17, we established a comprehensive program and governance structure led by Finance and the Insurance
business that focuses on the evaluation of the impacts of the standard and implementation of policies, systems and processes
required for the adoption. Significant progress has been made in preparing for the implementation of IFRS 17. We expect the
adoption of IFRS 17 to affect the timing of earnings recognition for our insurance contracts and the carrying amount of our
insurance contract liabilities. We continue to assess the impacts of adopting IFRS 17 on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

  Controls and procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports filed or submitted under Canadian and U.S. securities laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified under those laws and include controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer, and the
Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
     As of October 31, 2022, management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the President and Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined under
rules adopted by the U.S. SEC. Based on that evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October 31, 2022.

Internal control over financial reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. However, because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. See Management’s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
     There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended October 31, 2022 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

  Related party transactions

In the ordinary course of business, we provide normal banking services and operational services, and enter into other
transactions with associated and other related corporations, including our joint venture entities, on terms similar to those
offered to non-related parties. We grant loans to directors, officers and other employees at rates normally accorded to preferred
clients. In addition, we offer deferred share and other plans to non-employee directors, executives and certain other key
employees. For further information, refer to Notes 12 and 26 of our audited 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   117
      Supplementary information

      Selected annual information                                                                                          Table 70

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)                                          2022          2021          2020
Total revenue                                                                                $   48,985   $   49,693   $    47,181
Net income attributable to:
  Shareholders                                                                                   15,794       16,038        11,432
  Non-controlling interest                                                                           13           12             5
                                                                                             $   15,807   $   16,050   $    11,437
Basic earnings per share                                                                     $    11.08   $    11.08   $     7.84
Diluted earnings per share                                                                        11.06        11.06         7.82
Dividends declared per common shares                                                               4.96         4.32         4.29
Total assets                                                                                 $1,917,219   $1,706,323   $1,624,548
Deposits                                                                                      1,208,814    1,100,831    1,011,885




118      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Net interest income on average assets and liabilities                                                                                                            Table 71
                                                                                                          Average balances                   Interest              Average rate

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except for percentage amounts) (1)                                            2022            2021          2022           2021      2022      2021
Assets
Deposits with other banks
  Canada                                                                                            $     13,119 $         10,580    $      582 $         106     4.44%      1.00%
  U.S.                                                                                                    81,962           56,973           911            63       1.11       0.11
  Other International                                                                                     22,819           22,244           204           136       0.89       0.61
                                                                                                         117,900           89,797         1,697           305       1.44      0.34
Securities
  Trading                                                                                                135,117         128,977          4,754          3,736      3.52      2.90
  Investment, net of applicable allowance                                                                150,384         131,612          2,308          1,141      1.53      0.87
                                                                                                         285,501         260,589          7,062          4,877      2.47      1.87
Asset purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                              360,068         317,997          5,447          1,309      1.51      0.41
Loans (2)
  Canada
    Retail                                                                                               478,696         441,380         15,146         13,658      3.16      3.09
    Wholesale                                                                                            103,034          86,978          5,344          3,557      5.19      4.09
                                                                                                         581,730         528,358         20,490         17,215      3.52      3.26
  U.S.                                                                                                   136,937         110,314          4,037          2,880      2.95      2.61
  Other International                                                                                     49,630          40,619          2,038          1,559      4.11      3.84
                                                                                                         768,297         679,291         26,565         21,654      3.46      3.19
Total interest-earning assets                                                                           1,531,766      1,347,674         40,771         28,145      2.66      2.09
Non-interest-bearing deposits with other banks                                                             99,564        120,154              –              –         –         –
Customers’ liability under acceptances                                                                     18,354         19,410              –              –         –         –
Other assets                                                                                              237,167        190,963              –              –         –         –
Total assets                                                                                        $ 1,886,851 $ 1,678,200          $ 40,771 $ 28,145            2.16%      1.68%
Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Deposits (3)
  Canada                                                                                            $    684,452 $       626,549     $    8,660 $        4,700    1.27%      0.75%
  U.S.                                                                                                   153,039         132,833          1,044            231      0.68       0.17
  Other International                                                                                    101,058          97,355          1,047            517      1.04       0.53
                                                                                                         938,549         856,737         10,751          5,448      1.15      0.64
Obligations related to securities sold short                                                              39,079           33,566         2,409          1,809      6.16      5.39
Obligations related to assets sold under repurchase agreements and securities
  loaned                                                                                                 315,871         275,870          4,351           574       1.38      0.21
Subordinated debentures                                                                                   10,133           9,174            288           179       2.84      1.95
Other interest-bearing liabilities                                                                        26,000          23,486            255           133       0.98      0.57
Total interest-bearing liabilities                                                                      1,329,632      1,198,833         18,054          8,143      1.36      0.68
Non-interest-bearing deposits                                                                             226,376        202,316              –              –         –         –
Acceptances                                                                                                18,409         19,516              –              –         –         –
Other liabilities                                                                                         209,890        165,286              –              –         –         –
Total liabilities                                                                                   $ 1,784,307 $ 1,585,951          $ 18,054 $          8,143    1.01%      0.51%
Equity                                                                                              $    102,544 $         92,250           n.a.          n.a.       n.a.      n.a.
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                                          $ 1,886,851 $ 1,678,200          $ 18,054 $          8,143    0.96%      0.49%
Net interest income and margin                                                                      $ 1,886,851 $ 1,678,200          $ 22,717 $ 20,002            1.20%      1.19%
Net interest income and margin (average earning assets, net) (4)
 Canada                                                                                             $    870,147 $       793,130     $ 15,761 $ 13,947            1.81%      1.76%
 U.S.                                                                                                    437,357         349,840        5,423    4,447              1.24       1.27
 Other International                                                                                     224,261         204,706        1,533    1,608              0.68       0.79
Total                                                                                               $ 1,531,765 $ 1,347,676          $ 22,717 $ 20,002            1.48%      1.48%

(1)     Insurance segment assets and liabilities are included in Other assets and Other liabilities, respectively.
(2)     Interest income includes loan fees of $1,033 million (2021 – $888 million; 2020 – $797 million).
(3)     Deposits include personal chequing and savings deposits with average balances of $279 billion (2021 – $258 billion; 2020 – $218 billion), interest expense of $712 million
        (2021 – $175 million; 2020 – $498 million) and average rates of 0.26% (2021 – 0.07%; 2020 – 0.2%). Deposits also include term deposits with average balances of $500 billion
        (2021 – $437 billion; 2020 – $443 billion), interest expense of $7,323 million (2021 – $4,487 million; 2020 – $6,774 million) and average rates of 1.46% (2021 – 1.03%;
        2020 – 1.53%).
(4)     Geographic classification for selected assets and liabilities is based on the domicile of the booking point of the subject assets and liabilities.
n.a.    not applicable




                                                                                     Management’s Discussion and Analysis         Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        119
      Change in net interest income                                                                                                                                 Table 72

                                                                                    2022 vs. 2021                                       2021 vs. 2020
                                                                               Increase (decrease) due to                          Increase (decrease) due to
                                                                                      changes in                                           changes in

                                                                                   Average          Average                           Average           Average
(Millions of Canadian dollars) (1)                                               volume (2)          rate (2)    Net change         volume (2)           rate (2)       Net change

Assets
Deposits with other banks
  Canada (3)                                                                 $          25      $      451       $      476       $       (27)     $        18      $         (9)
  U.S. (3)                                                                              28             820              848                93             (190)              (97)
  Other international (3)                                                                4              64               68                 –              104               104
Securities
  Trading                                                                             178             840            1,018                (95)            (791)             (886)
  Investment, net of applicable allowance                                             163           1,004            1,167                 51             (776)             (725)
Asset purchased under reverse repurchase
  agreements and securities borrowed                                                  173           3,965            4,138              (583)           (2,776)           (3,359)
Loans
  Canada (3)
    Retail (3)                                                                     1,155              333            1,488             1,343            (2,219)             (876)
    Wholesale (3)                                                                    657            1,130            1,787              (281)             (341)             (622)
  U.S. (3)                                                                           695              462            1,157               (44)             (110)             (154)
  Other international (3)                                                            346              133              479               116              (230)             (114)
Total interest income                                                        $     3,424        $ 9,202          $ 12,626         $      573       $ (7,311)        $ (6,738)
Liabilities
Deposits
  Canada (3)                                                                          434           3,526            3,960               167            (2,845)           (2,678)
  U.S. (3)                                                                             35             778              813               167              (594)             (427)
  Other international (3)                                                              20             510              530                30              (260)             (230)
Obligations related to securities sold short                                          297             303              600              (145)             (246)             (391)
Obligations related to assets sold under repurchase
  agreements and securities loaned                                                      83          3,694            3,777              (279)           (1,769)           (2,048)
Subordinated debentures                                                                 19             90              109               (10)              (91)             (101)
Other interest-bearing liabilities                                                      14            108              122               (10)              (20)              (30)
Total interest expense                                                       $        902       $ 9,009          $ 9,911          $       (80)     $ (5,825)        $ (5,905)
Net interest income                                                          $     2,522        $      193       $ 2,715          $      653       $ (1,486)        $       (833)
(1)     Insurance segment assets and liabilities are included in Other assets and Other liabilities, respectively.
(2)     Volume/rate variance is allocated on the percentage relationships of changes in balances and changes in rates to the total net change in net interest income.
(3)     Geographic classification for selected assets and liabilities is based on the domicile of the booking point of the subject assets and liabilities.


      Loans and acceptances by geography                                                                                                                            Table 73

As at October 31 (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                         2022                 2021
Canada (1)
 Residential mortgages                                                                                                                           $ 383,797 $ 354,169
 Personal                                                                                                                                           79,422    78,232
 Credit cards                                                                                                                                       19,778    17,235
 Small business                                                                                                                                     12,669    12,003
  Retail                                                                                                                                          495,666               461,639
  Wholesale                                                                                                                                       126,751               107,750
                                                                                                                                                 $ 622,417 $ 569,389
U.S. (1)
 Retail                                                                                                                                            47,402                35,601
 Wholesale                                                                                                                                        114,799                86,041
                                                                                                                                                  162,201               121,642
Other International (1)
 Retail                                                                                                                                              6,683                6,358
 Wholesale                                                                                                                                          50,289               44,148
                                                                                                                                                    56,972               50,506
Total loans and acceptances                                                                                                                      $ 841,590 $ 741,537
Total allowance for credit losses                                                                                                                      (3,798)            (4,164)
Total loans and acceptances, net of allowance for credit losses                                                                                  $ 837,792 $ 737,373
(1)     Geographic information is based on residence of borrower.




120        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Management’s Discussion and Analysis
   Loans and acceptances by portfolio and sector                                                                                    Table 74

As at October 31 (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                        2022                 2021
  Residential mortgages                                                                                       $ 418,796           $ 380,332
  Personal                                                                                                       97,709              93,441
  Credit cards                                                                                                   20,577              17,822
  Small business                                                                                                 12,669              12,003
Retail                                                                                                        $ 549,751           $ 503,598
  Agriculture                                                                                                      10,105               9,250
  Automotive                                                                                                        8,770               6,198
  Banking                                                                                                           7,016               7,734
  Consumer discretionary                                                                                           19,405              14,806
  Consumer staples                                                                                                  6,940               6,142
  Oil and gas                                                                                                       5,959               5,283
  Financial services                                                                                               41,353              29,192
  Financing products                                                                                               13,781              10,273
  Forest products                                                                                                   1,094                 931
  Governments                                                                                                       5,632               6,677
  Industrial products                                                                                              10,537               7,193
  Information technology                                                                                            5,232               3,569
  Investments                                                                                                      19,952              19,392
  Mining and metals                                                                                                 2,223                 984
  Public works and infrastructure                                                                                   3,006               1,890
  Real estate and related                                                                                          79,506              66,798
  Other services                                                                                                   24,393              20,550
  Telecommunication and media                                                                                       7,176               5,047
  Transportation                                                                                                    6,542               6,251
  Utilities                                                                                                        11,847               8,699
  Other sectors                                                                                                     1,370               1,080
Wholesale                                                                                                     $ 291,839           $ 237,939
Total loans and acceptances                                                                                   $ 841,590           $ 741,537
Total allowance for credit losses                                                                                   (3,798)             (4,164)
Total loans and acceptances, net of allowance for credit losses                                               $ 837,792           $ 737,373




                                                          Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     121
      Gross impaired loans by portfolio and geography                                                                                                                    Table 75

As at October 31 (Millions of Canadian dollars, except for percentage amounts)                                                                                  2022             2021
  Residential mortgages                                                                                                                                   $       560       $    645
  Personal                                                                                                                                                        200            197
  Small business                                                                                                                                                  138            109
Retail                                                                                                                                                            898            951
  Agriculture                                                                                                                                             $        18       $     11
  Automotive                                                                                                                                                        9              8
  Banking                                                                                                                                                           1              –
  Consumer discretionary                                                                                                                                          254            274
  Consumer staples                                                                                                                                                122             32
  Oil and gas                                                                                                                                                      57            131
  Financial services                                                                                                                                               96             77
  Financing products                                                                                                                                                –              –
  Forest products                                                                                                                                                   7              4
  Governments                                                                                                                                                       3             25
  Industrial products                                                                                                                                              77             35
  Information technology                                                                                                                                            5              5
  Investments                                                                                                                                                       9             31
  Mining and metals                                                                                                                                                12              3
  Public works and infrastructure                                                                                                                                  16              6
  Real estate and related                                                                                                                                         322            314
  Other services                                                                                                                                                  246            220
  Telecommunication and media                                                                                                                                       8              6
  Transportation                                                                                                                                                    6            137
  Utilities                                                                                                                                                         –              –
  Other sectors                                                                                                                                                    27             32
Wholesale                                                                                                                                                       1,295           1,351
  Acquired credit-impaired loans                                                                                                                                     6                6
Total GIL (1)                                                                                                                                             $     2,199       $ 2,308
Canada (2)
  Residential mortgages                                                                                                                                   $       352       $    443
  Personal                                                                                                                                                        174            164
  Small business                                                                                                                                                  138            109
Retail                                                                                                                                                            664            716
  Agriculture                                                                                                                                                      17             11
  Automotive                                                                                                                                                        6              5
  Banking                                                                                                                                                           1              –
  Consumer discretionary                                                                                                                                           69            107
  Consumer staples                                                                                                                                                 40             25
  Oil and gas                                                                                                                                                      10             48
  Financial services                                                                                                                                                4              –
  Financing products                                                                                                                                                –              –
  Forest products                                                                                                                                                   7              4
  Governments                                                                                                                                                       3             25
  Industrial products                                                                                                                                              28             31
  Information technology                                                                                                                                            3              3
  Investments                                                                                                                                                       2              –
  Mining and metals                                                                                                                                                 4              3
  Public works and infrastructure                                                                                                                                   7              5
  Real estate and related                                                                                                                                          88            157
  Other services                                                                                                                                                   56            110
  Telecommunication and media                                                                                                                                       5              5
  Transportation                                                                                                                                                    6             16
  Utilities                                                                                                                                                         –              –
  Other sectors                                                                                                                                                     –              –
Wholesale                                                                                                                                                         356            555
Total                                                                                                                                                     $     1,020       $ 1,271
U.S. (2)
  Retail                                                                                                                                                  $        34       $     23
  Wholesale                                                                                                                                                       674            412
Total                                                                                                                                                     $       708       $    435
Other International (2)
  Retail                                                                                                                                                  $       200       $    212
  Wholesale                                                                                                                                                       271            390
Total                                                                                                                                                     $       471       $    602
Total GIL                                                                                                                                                 $     2,199       $ 2,308
Allowance on impaired loans                                                                                                                                      (669)           (697)
Net impaired loans                                                                                                                                        $     1,530       $ 1,611
GIL as a % of loans and acceptances
    Residential mortgages                                                                                                                                      0.13%            0.17%
    Personal                                                                                                                                                   0.20%            0.21%
    Small business                                                                                                                                             1.09%            0.91%
  Retail                                                                                                                                                       0.16%            0.19%
  Wholesale                                                                                                                                                    0.45%            0.57%
  Total                                                                                                                                                        0.26%            0.31%
Allowance on impaired loans as a % of GIL                                                                                                                     30.41%         30.21%

(1)     Past due loans greater than 90 days not included in impaired loans were $170 million in 2022 (2021 – $137 million). For further details, refer to Note 5 of our 2022 Annual
        Consolidated Financial Statements.
(2)     Geographic information is based on residence of borrower.




122       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022         Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Provision for credit losses by portfolio and geography                                                                                               Table 76

For the year ended October 31 (Millions of Canadian dollars, except for percentage amounts)                                                      2022              2021
  Residential mortgages                                                                                                                     $       13      $        34
  Personal                                                                                                                                         259              243
  Credit cards                                                                                                                                     333              296
  Small business                                                                                                                                    43               31
Retail                                                                                                                                             648              604
  Agriculture                                                                                                                               $        1      $        (5)
  Automotive                                                                                                                                         3               (5)
  Banking                                                                                                                                           (3)               –
  Consumer discretionary                                                                                                                            47                7
  Consumer staples                                                                                                                                  35              (14)
  Oil and gas                                                                                                                                       (2)             (51)
  Financial services                                                                                                                                 3                2
  Financing products                                                                                                                                 –                –
  Forest products                                                                                                                                    1               (5)
  Governments                                                                                                                                       (1)               2
  Industrial products                                                                                                                               (6)               2
  Information technology                                                                                                                            (8)              24
  Investments                                                                                                                                        3               (3)
  Mining and metals                                                                                                                                  9               (5)
  Public works and infrastructure                                                                                                                    5                2
  Real estate and related                                                                                                                           32               30
  Other services                                                                                                                                    25               53
  Telecommunication and media                                                                                                                       (1)               9
  Transportation                                                                                                                                   (16)              32
  Utilities                                                                                                                                          1               (1)
  Other sectors                                                                                                                                      3               (1)
Wholesale                                                                                                                                          131               73
  Acquired credit–impaired loans                                                                                                                     (1)              1
Total PCL on impaired loans                                                                                                                 $      778      $       678
Canada (1)
  Residential mortgages                                                                                                                     $       15      $        24
  Personal                                                                                                                                         271              254
  Credit cards                                                                                                                                     326              288
  Small business                                                                                                                                    43               31
Retail                                                                                                                                             655              597
  Agriculture                                                                                                                                        1               (4)
  Automotive                                                                                                                                         3               (5)
  Banking                                                                                                                                            1                –
  Consumer discretionary                                                                                                                            36               11
  Consumer staples                                                                                                                                   9                –
  Oil and gas                                                                                                                                      (21)             (19)
  Financial services                                                                                                                                 1                –
  Financing products                                                                                                                                 –                –
  Forest products                                                                                                                                    1               (5)
  Governments                                                                                                                                       (1)               2
  Industrial products                                                                                                                                9                2
  Information technology                                                                                                                             1                2
  Investments                                                                                                                                        2                –
  Mining and metals                                                                                                                                  2                –
  Public works and infrastructure                                                                                                                    –                2
  Real estate and related                                                                                                                           23               26
  Other services                                                                                                                                     9               62
  Telecommunication and media                                                                                                                        1                2
  Transportation                                                                                                                                     1               10
  Utilities                                                                                                                                          –                –
  Other sectors                                                                                                                                      –                –
Wholesale                                                                                                                                           78               86
Total                                                                                                                                       $      733      $       683
U.S. (1)
  Retail                                                                                                                                    $        2      $         7
  Wholesale                                                                                                                                         68              (10)
Total                                                                                                                                       $       70      $         (3)
Other International (1)
  Retail                                                                                                                                    $       (9)     $          –
  Wholesale                                                                                                                                        (16)               (2)
Total                                                                                                                                       $      (25)     $         (2)
Total PCL on impaired loans                                                                                                                 $      778      $       678
Total PCL on performing loans                                                                                                                     (281)           (1,350)
Total PCL on other financial assets                                                                                                                (13)             (81)
Total PCL                                                                                                                                   $      484      $      (753)
PCL on loans as a % of average net loans and acceptances                                                                                        0.06%         (0.10)%
PCL on impaired loans as a % of average net loans and acceptances (1)                                                                           0.10%             0.10%

(1)     Geographic information is based on residence of borrower.



                                                                                Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       123
      Allowance on loans by portfolio and geography (1)                                                         Table 77

As at and for the year ended October 31 (Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts)       2022         2021
Allowance against impaired loans
Canada (2)
  Residential mortgages                                                                             $     44    $     45
  Personal                                                                                                85          71
  Small business                                                                                          48          34
Retail                                                                                              $    177    $    150
      Agriculture                                                                                   $      2    $      3
      Automotive                                                                                           4           1
      Banking                                                                                              –           –
      Consumer discretionary                                                                              27           9
      Consumer staples                                                                                    10           5
      Oil and gas                                                                                          7          29
      Financial services                                                                                   1           –
      Financing products                                                                                   –           –
      Forest products                                                                                      1           1
      Governments                                                                                          1           3
      Industrial products                                                                                 12           9
      Information technology                                                                               2           1
      Investments                                                                                          1           –
      Mining and metals                                                                                    2           1
      Public works and infrastructure                                                                      4           2
      Real estate and related                                                                             25          27
      Other services                                                                                      12          81
      Telecommunication and media                                                                          1           1
      Transportation                                                                                       3           9
      Utilities                                                                                            –           –
      Other sectors                                                                                        –           –
Wholesale                                                                                           $    115    $    182
Total                                                                                               $    292    $    332
U.S. (2)
  Retail                                                                                            $      2    $      3
  Wholesale                                                                                              175         126
Total                                                                                               $    177    $    129
Other International (2)
  Retail                                                                                            $     98    $    107
  Wholesale                                                                                              102         129
Total                                                                                               $    200    $    236
Total allowance on impaired loans                                                                   $    669    $    697
Allowance on performing loans
  Residential mortgages                                                                             $    300    $    278
  Personal                                                                                               946         991
  Credit cards                                                                                           893         875
  Small business                                                                                         146         143
Retail                                                                                              $ 2,285     $ 2,287
Wholesale                                                                                           $ 1,227     $ 1,435
Total allowance on performing loans                                                                 $ 3,512     $ 3,722
Total allowance on loans                                                                            $ 4,181     $ 4,419
Key ratios
 Allowance on loans as a % of loans and acceptances                                                     0.50%       0.60%
 Net write-offs as a % of average net loans and acceptances                                             0.10%       0.11%
(1)     Includes loans, acceptances, and commitments.
(2)     Geographic information is based on residence of borrower.




124       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     Management’s Discussion and Analysis
      Credit quality information by Canadian province (1)                                                                                                 Table 78

As at and for the year ended October 31 (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                     2022                  2021
Loans and acceptances
  Atlantic provinces (2)                                                                                                          $    30,709         $    29,078
  Quebec                                                                                                                               73,743              68,595
  Ontario                                                                                                                             300,477             268,317
  Alberta                                                                                                                              73,638              71,506
  Other Prairie provinces (3)                                                                                                          35,699              33,956
  B.C. and territories (4)                                                                                                            108,151              97,937
Total loans and acceptances in Canada                                                                                             $ 622,417           $ 569,389
Gross impaired loans
  Atlantic provinces (2)                                                                                                          $          65       $           97
  Quebec                                                                                                                                    172                  198
  Ontario                                                                                                                                   323                  379
  Alberta                                                                                                                                   233                  321
  Other Prairie provinces (3)                                                                                                               121                  173
  B.C. and territories (4)                                                                                                                  106                  103
Total GIL in Canada                                                                                                               $      1,020        $         1,271
PCL on impaired loans
  Atlantic provinces (2)                                                                                                          $          20       $           22
  Quebec                                                                                                                                     47                   22
  Ontario                                                                                                                                   529                  483
  Alberta                                                                                                                                    48                   83
  Other Prairie provinces (3)                                                                                                                39                   39
  B.C. and territories (4)                                                                                                                   50                   34
Total PCL on impaired loans in Canada                                                                                             $         733       $          683
(1)     Geographic information is based on residence of borrower.
(2)     Comprises Newfoundland and Labrador, Prince Edward Island, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.
(3)     Comprises Manitoba and Saskatchewan.
(4)     Comprises British Columbia, Nunavut, Northwest Territories and Yukon.




                                                                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      125
      Glossary

Acceptances                                            Commercial mortgage-backed securities              Fair value
A bill of exchange or negotiable instrument            (CMBS)                                             Fair value of a financial instrument is the price
drawn by the borrower for payment at                   Securities created through the securitization      that would be received to sell an asset or paid
maturity and accepted by a bank. The                   of commercial mortgages.                           to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
acceptance constitutes a guarantee of                                                                     between market participants at the
payment by the bank and can be traded in the           Commitments to extend credit                       measurement date.
money market. The bank earns a “stamping               Unutilized amount of credit facilities available
fee” for providing this guarantee.                     to clients either in the form of loans, bankers’   Funding Valuation Adjustment
                                                       acceptances and other on-balance sheet             Funding valuation adjustments are calculated
Allowance for credit losses (ACL)                      financing, or through off-balance sheet            to incorporate cost and benefit of funding in
The amount deemed adequate by                          products such as guarantees and letters of         the valuation of uncollateralized and under-
management to absorb expected credit losses            credit.                                            collateralized OTC derivatives. Future
as at the balance sheet date. The allowance is                                                            expected cash flows of these derivatives are
established for all financial assets subject to        Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital                discounted to reflect the cost and benefit of
impairment assessment, including certain               A regulatory Basel III capital measure             funding the derivatives by using a funding
loans, debt securities, customers’ liability           comprised mainly of common shareholders’           curve, implied volatilities and correlations as
under acceptances, financial guarantees, and           equity less regulatory deductions and              inputs.
undrawn loan commitments. The allowance is             adjustments for goodwill and intangibles,
changed by the amount of provision for credit          defined benefit pension fund assets, shortfall     Guarantees and standby letters of credit
losses recorded, which is charged to income,           in allowances and other specified items.           These primarily represent irrevocable
and decreased by the amount of write-offs net                                                             assurances that a bank will make payments in
of recoveries in the period.                                                                              the event that its client cannot meet its
                                                       Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio
                                                       A risk-based capital measure calculated as         financial obligations to third parties. Certain
Asset-backed securities (ABS)                          CET1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.      other guarantees, such as bid and
Securities created through the securitization                                                             performance bonds, represent non-financial
of a pool of assets, for example auto loans or                                                            undertakings.
credit card loans.                                     Covered bonds
                                                       Full recourse on-balance sheet obligations
                                                       issued by banks and credit institutions that       Hedge
Assets under administration (AUA)                      are fully collateralized by assets over which      A risk management technique used to mitigate
Assets administered by us, which are                   investors enjoy a priority claim in the event of   exposure from market, interest rate or foreign
beneficially owned by clients, unless otherwise        an issuer’s insolvency.                            currency exchange risk arising from normal
noted. Services provided in respect of assets                                                             banking operations. The elimination or
under administration are of an administrative                                                             reduction of such exposure is accomplished by
nature, including safekeeping, collecting              Credit default swaps (CDS)                         establishing offsetting positions. For example,
investment income, settling purchase and sale          A derivative contract that provides the            assets denominated in foreign currencies can
transactions, and record keeping.                      purchaser with a one-time payment should the       be offset with liabilities in the same currencies
                                                       referenced entity/entities default (or a similar   or through the use of foreign exchange
                                                       triggering event occur).                           hedging instruments such as futures, options
Assets under management (AUM)
Assets managed by us, which are beneficially                                                              or foreign exchange contracts.
owned by clients, unless otherwise noted.              Derivative
Services provided in respect of assets under           A contract between two parties, which              Hedge funds
management include the selection of                    requires little or no initial investment and       A type of investment fund, marketed to
investments and the provision of investment            where payments between the parties are             accredited high net worth investors, that is
advice. We have assets under management                dependent upon the movements in price of an        subject to limited regulation and restrictions
that are also administered by us and included          underlying instrument, index or financial rate.    on its investments compared to retail mutual
in assets under administration.                        Examples of derivatives include swaps,             funds, and that often utilize aggressive
                                                       options, forward rate agreements and futures.      strategies such as selling short, leverage,
                                                       The notional amount of the derivative is the       program trading, swaps, arbitrage and
Attributed capital                                     contract amount used as a reference point to
Attributed capital is based on the Basel III                                                              derivatives.
                                                       calculate the payments to be exchanged
regulatory capital requirements and economic           between the two parties, and the notional
capital.                                               amount itself is generally not exchanged by        High-quality liquid assets (HQLA)
                                                       the parties.                                       Assets are considered to be HQLA if they can
Auction rate securities (ARS)                                                                             be easily and immediately converted into cash
Debt securities whose interest rates are                                                                  at little or no loss of value during a time of
                                                       Dividend payout ratio                              stress.
regularly reset through an auction process.            Common dividends as a percentage of net
                                                       income available to common shareholders.
Average earning assets, net                                                                               Impaired loans
Average earning assets include interest-                                                                  Loans are classified as impaired when there
                                                       Dividend yield                                     has been a deterioration of credit quality to
bearing deposits with other banks, securities,         Dividends per common share divided by the
net of applicable allowance, assets purchased                                                             the extent that management no longer has
                                                       average of the high and low share price in the     reasonable assurance of timely collection of
under reverse repurchase agreements and                relevant period.
securities borrowed, loans, net of allowance,                                                             the full amount of principal and interest in
cash collateral and margin deposits. Insurance                                                            accordance with the contractual terms of the
assets, and all other assets not specified are         Earnings per share (EPS), basic                    loan agreement. Credit card balances are not
excluded. The averages are based on the daily          Calculated as net income available to common       classified as impaired as they are directly
balances for the period.                               shareholders divided by the average number         written off after payments are 180 days past
                                                       of shares outstanding.                             due.
Basis point (bp)
One one-hundredth of a percentage point                Earnings per share (EPS), diluted                  International Financial Reporting Standards
(.01%).                                                Calculated as net income available to common       (IFRS)
                                                       shareholders divided by the average number         IFRS are principles-based standards,
                                                       of shares outstanding adjusted for the dilutive    interpretations and the framework adopted by
Collateral                                             effects of stock options and other convertible     the International Accounting Standards Board.
Assets pledged as security for a loan or other         securities.
obligation. Collateral can take many forms,
such as cash, highly rated securities, property,                                                          Leverage Ratio
inventory, equipment and receivables.                  Efficiency Ratio                                   A Basel III regulatory measure, the ratio
                                                       Non-interest expense as a percentage of total      divides Tier 1 capital by the sum of total assets
                                                       revenue.                                           plus specified off-balance sheet items.
Collateralized debt obligation (CDO)
Securities with multiple tranches that are
issued by structured entities and                      Expected credit losses                             Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
collateralized by debt obligations including           The difference between the contractual cash        The Liquidity Coverage Ratio is a Basel III
bonds and loans. Each tranche offers a varying         flows due to us in accordance with the             metric that measures the sufficiency of HQLA
degree of risk and return so as to meet                relevant contractual terms and the cash flows      available to meet net short-term financial
investor demand.                                       that we expect to receive, discounted to the       obligations over a thirty day period in an acute
                                                       balance sheet date.                                stress scenario.


126     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Loan-to-value (LTV) ratio                          RBC Homeline Plan® products                               Structured entities
Calculated based on the total facility amount      This is comprised of residential mortgages and            A structured entity is an entity in which voting
for the residential mortgage and RBC               secured personal loans whereby the borrower               or similar rights are not the dominant factor in
Homeline Plan® product divided by the value        pledges real estate as collateral.                        deciding who controls the entity, such as when
of the related residential property.                                                                         the activities that significantly affect the
                                                                                                             entity’s returns are directed by means of
                                                   Repurchase agreements                                     contractual arrangements. Structured entities
Master netting agreement                           These involve the sale of securities for cash             often have restricted activities, narrow and
An agreement between us and a counterparty         and the simultaneous repurchase of the                    well defined objectives, insufficient equity to
designed to reduce the credit risk of multiple     securities for value at a later date. These               finance their activities, and financing in the
derivative transactions through the creation of    transactions normally do not constitute                   form of multiple contractually-linked
a legal right of offset of exposure in the event   economic sales and therefore are treated as               instruments.
of a default.                                      collateralized financing transactions.

                                                                                                             Taxable equivalent basis (teb)
Net interest income                                Return on common equity (ROE)                             Income from certain specified tax advantaged
The difference between what is earned on           Net income available to common                            sources (eligible Canadian taxable corporate
assets such as loans and securities and what       shareholders, expressed as a percentage of                dividends) is increased to a level that would
is paid on liabilities such as deposits and        average common equity.                                    make it comparable to income from taxable
subordinated debentures.                                                                                     sources. There is an offsetting adjustment in
                                                   Reverse repurchase agreements                             the tax provision, thereby generating the same
Net interest margin (on average earning            These involve the purchase of securities for              after-tax net income.
assets, net)                                       cash and the simultaneous sale of the
Calculated as net interest income divided by       securities for value at a later date. These               Tier 1 capital
average earning assets, net.                       transactions normally do not constitute                   Tier 1 capital comprises predominantly of CET1
                                                   economic sales and therefore are treated as               capital, with additional Tier 1 items such as
                                                   collateralized financing transactions.                    preferred shares, limited recourse capital
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)
The Net Stable Funding Ratio is a Basel III                                                                  notes and non-controlling interests in
metric that measures the sufficiency of            Risk-weighted assets (RWA)                                subsidiaries Tier 1 instruments.
available stable funding to meet the minimum       Assets adjusted by a regulatory risk-weight
coverage level of required stable funding.         factor to reflect the riskiness of on and
                                                   off-balance sheet exposures. Certain assets               Tier 2 capital
                                                   are not risk-weighted, but deducted from                  Tier 2 capital consists mainly of subordinated
Normal course issuer bid (NCIB)                    capital. The calculation is defined by OSFI’s             debentures that meet certain criteria, certain
A program for the repurchase of our own            Capital Adequacy Requirements guidelines.                 loan loss allowances and non-controlling
shares for cancellation through a stock            For more details, refer to the Capital                    interests in subsidiaries’ Tier 2 instruments.
exchange that is subject to the various rules of   management section.
the relevant stock exchange and securities                                                                   Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)
commission.                                                                                                  The aggregate of Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital,
                                                   Securities lending
                                                   Transactions in which the owner of securities             and external TLAC instruments which allow
Notional amount                                    agrees to lend it under the terms of a                    conversion in whole or in part into common
The contract amount used as a reference point      prearranged contract to a borrower for a fee.             shares under the Canada Deposit Insurance
to calculate payments for derivatives.             Collateral for the loan consists of either high           Corporation Act and meet all of the eligibility
                                                   quality securities or cash and collateral value           criteria under the TLAC guideline.
Off-balance sheet financial instruments            must be at least equal to the market value of
A variety of arrangements offered to clients,      the loaned securities. Borrowers pay a                    TLAC ratio
which include credit derivatives, written put      negotiated fee for loans collateralized by                The risk-based TLAC ratio is defined as TLAC
options, backstop liquidity facilities, stable     securities, whereas for cash collateral lenders           divided by total risk-weighted assets.
value products, financial standby letters of       pay borrowers interest at a negotiated rate
credit, performance guarantees, credit             and reinvest the cash collateral to earn a
                                                   return. An intermediary such as a bank often              TLAC Leverage Ratio
enhancements, mortgage loans sold with                                                                       The TLAC leverage ratio is defined as TLAC
recourse, commitments to extend credit,            acts as agent lender for the owner of the
                                                   security in return for a share of the revenue             divided by the Leverage ratio exposure.
securities lending, documentary and
commercial letters of credit, sponsor member       earned by the owner from lending securities.
guarantees, securities lending                     Most often, agent lenders indemnify the owner             Total capital and total capital ratio
indemnifications and indemnifications.             against the risk of the borrower’s failure to             Total capital is defined as the total of Tier 1
                                                   redeliver the loaned securities – counterparty            and Tier 2 capital. The total capital ratio is
                                                   credit risk if a borrower defaults and market             calculated by dividing total capital by risk-
Office of the Superintendent of Financial          risk if the value of the non-cash collateral
Institutions Canada (OSFI)                                                                                   weighted assets.
                                                   declines. The agent lender does not indemnify
The primary regulator of federally chartered       against the investment risk of re-investing
financial institutions and federally               cash collateral which is borne by the owner.              Tranche
administered pension plans in Canada. OSFI’s                                                                 A security class created whereby the risks and
mission is to safeguard policyholders,                                                                       returns associated with a pool of assets are
depositors and pension plan members from           Securities sold short                                     packaged into several classes of securities
undue loss.                                        A transaction in which the seller sells                   offering different risk and return profiles from
                                                   securities and then borrows the securities in             those of the underlying asset pool. Tranches
                                                   order to deliver them to the purchaser upon               are typically rated by ratings agencies, and
Operating leverage                                 settlement. At a later date, the seller buys
The difference between our revenue growth                                                                    reflect both the credit quality of underlying
                                                   identical securities in the market to replace             collateral as well as the level of protection
rate and non-interest expense growth rate.         the borrowed securities.                                  based on the tranches’ relative subordination.

Options                                            Securitization
A contract or a provision of a contract that                                                                 Unattributed capital
                                                   The process by which various financial assets             Unattributed capital represents common
gives one party (the option holder) the right,     are packaged into newly issued securities
but not the obligation, to perform a specified                                                               equity in excess of common equity attributed
                                                   backed by these assets.                                   to our business segments and is reported in
transaction with another party (the option
issuer or option writer) according to specified                                                              the Corporate Support segment.
terms.                                             Standardized Approach
                                                   Risk weights prescribed by OSFI are used to
                                                                                                             Value-at-Risk (VaR)
                                                   calculate RWA for the credit risk exposures.
Provision for credit losses (PCL)                                                                            A generally accepted risk-measurement
                                                   Credit assessments by OSFI-recognized
The amount charged to income necessary to                                                                    concept that uses statistical models based on
                                                   external credit rating agencies of S&P,
bring the allowance for credit losses to a level                                                             historical information to estimate within a
                                                   Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS are used to risk-
determined appropriate by management. This                                                                   given level of confidence the maximum loss in
                                                   weight our Sovereign and Bank exposures
includes provisions on performing and                                                                        market value we would experience in our
                                                   based on the standards and guidelines issued
impaired financial assets.                                                                                   trading portfolio from an adverse one-day
                                                   by OSFI. For our Business and Retail
                                                                                                             movement in market rates and prices.
                                                   exposures, we use the standard risk weights
PCL on loans ratio                                 prescribed by OSFI.
PCL on loans ratio is calculated using PCL on
loans as a percentage of average net loans
and acceptances.



                                                                      Management’s Discussion and Analysis       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      127
      EDTF recommendations index

We aim to present transparent, high-quality risk disclosures by providing disclosures in this 2022 Annual Report and
Supplementary Financial Information package (SFI), and Pillar 3 Report, in accordance with recommendations from the FSB’s
Enhanced Disclosure Task Force (EDTF). Information within the SFI and Pillar 3 Report is not and should not be considered
incorporated by reference into this 2022 Annual Report.

The following index summarizes our disclosure by EDTF recommendation:

                                                                                                                                   Location of disclosure
    Type of Risk            Recommendation              Disclosure                                                          Annual Report page                      SFI page
                                  1                     Table of contents for EDTF risk disclosure                                 128                                  1
    General                       2                     Define risk terminology and measures                                  60-65, 126-127                            –
                                  3                     Top and emerging risks                                                    58-60                                 –
                                  4                     New regulatory ratios                                                    105-110                                –
    Risk governance,                    5               Risk management organization                                                 60-65                               –
    risk management                     6               Risk culture                                                                 60-65                               –
    and business                        7               Risk in the context of our business activities                                113                                –
    model                               8               Stress testing                                                              63-64, 76                            –
                                        9               Minimum Basel III capital ratios and                                         105-110                             –
                                                          Domestic systemically important bank
                                                          surcharge
                                       10               Composition of capital and reconciliation of                                      –                               *
                                                          the accounting balance sheet to the
                                                          regulatory balance sheet
                                       11               Flow statement of the movements in                                                –                              20
    Capital adequacy                                      regulatory capital
    and risk-weighted                  12               Capital strategic planning                                                   105-110                             –
    assets (RWA)                       13               RWA by business segments                                                        –                                21
                                       14               Analysis of capital requirement, and related                                  66-69                               *
                                                          measurement model information
                                       15               RWA credit risk and related risk                                                  –                               *
                                                          measurements
                                       16               Movement of risk-weighted assets by risk                                          –                              21
                                                          type
                                       17               Basel back-testing                                                         63, 66-67                             32
    Liquidity                          18               Quantitative and qualitative analysis of our                              83-84, 88-89                            –
                                                          liquidity reserve
                                       19               Encumbered and unencumbered assets by                                         84, 87                             –
                                                          balance sheet category, and contractual
                                                          obligations for rating downgrades
                                       20               Maturity analysis of consolidated total                                        91-92                              –
    Funding                                               assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet
                                                          commitments analyzed by remaining
                                                          contractual maturity at the balance sheet
                                                          date
                                       21               Sources of funding and funding strategy                                        84-86                              –
                                       22               Relationship between the market risk                                           80-81                              –
                                                          measures for trading and non-trading
                                                          portfolios and the balance sheet
                                       23               Decomposition of market risk factors                                           76-81                              –
    Market risk                        24               Market risk validation and back-testing                                         76                                –
                                       25               Primary risk management techniques                                             76-79                              –
                                                          beyond reported risk measures and
                                                          parameters
                                       26               Bank’s credit risk profile                                              66-75, 175-182                        22-32, *
                                                        Quantitative summary of aggregate credit                                   120-125                              *
                                                          risk exposures that reconciles to the
                                                          balance sheet
                                       27               Policies for identifying impaired loans                              68-70, 115, 147-149                        –
                                       28               Reconciliation of the opening and closing                                     –                               24, 29
    Credit risk                                           balances of impaired loans and
                                                          impairment allowances during the year
                                       29               Quantification of gross notional exposure                                        71                              33
                                                          for OTC derivatives or exchange-traded
                                                          derivatives
                                       30               Credit risk mitigation, including collateral                                   69-70                              *
                                                          held for all sources of credit risk
                                       31               Other risk types                                                            94-104                                –
    Other                              32               Publicly known risk events                                              98-99, 219-220                            –
*      These disclosure requirements are satisfied or partially satisfied by disclosures provided in our Pillar 3 Report for the quarter ended October 31, 2022 and for the year
       ended October 31, 2021.




128      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Index for Enhanced Disclosure Task Force recommendations
REPORTS AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Reports                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
130   Management’s Responsibility for Financial Reporting          143       Note 1       General information

130   Management’s Report on Internal Control over                 143       Note 2       Summary of significant accounting
      Financial Reporting                                                                 policies, estimates and judgments

131   Independent Auditor’s Report                                 158       Note 3       Fair value of financial instruments
135   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting           171       Note 4       Securities
      Firm (PCAOB ID 271)
                                                                   175       Note 5       Loans and allowance for credit losses
Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   182       Note 6       Significant acquisition
138   Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                                   182       Note 7       Derecognition of financial assets
139   Consolidated Statements of Income
                                                                   183       Note 8       Structured entities
140   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                                                                   187       Note 9       Derivative financial instruments and
141   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity                                        hedging activities
142   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                                   197       Note 10      Premises and equipment

                                                                   198       Note 11      Goodwill and other intangible assets

                                                                   200       Note 12      Joint ventures and associated companies

                                                                   200       Note 13      Other assets

                                                                   201       Note 14      Deposits

                                                                   201       Note 15      Insurance

                                                                   204       Note 16      Segregated funds

                                                                   204       Note 17      Employee benefits – Pension and other
                                                                                          post-employment benefits

                                                                   209       Note 18      Other liabilities

                                                                   209       Note 19      Subordinated debentures

                                                                   210       Note 20      Equity

                                                                   212       Note 21      Share-based compensation

                                                                   214       Note 22      Income taxes

                                                                   216       Note 23      Earnings per share

                                                                   217       Note 24      Guarantees, commitments, pledged
                                                                                          assets and contingencies

                                                                   219       Note 25      Legal and regulatory matters

                                                                   220       Note 26      Related party transactions

                                                                   222       Note 27      Results by business segment

                                                                   223       Note 28      Nature and extent of risks arising from
                                                                                          financial instruments

                                                                   224       Note 29      Capital management

                                                                   225       Note 30      Offsetting financial assets and financial
                                                                                          liabilities

                                                                   227       Note 31      Recovery and settlement of on-balance
                                                                                          sheet assets and liabilities

                                                                   228       Note 32      Parent company information

                                                                   229       Note 33      Subsequent events




                                                            Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   129
  Management’s Responsibility for Financial Reporting

The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Royal Bank of Canada were prepared by management, which is
responsible for the integrity and fairness of the information presented, including the many amounts that must of necessity be
based on estimates and judgments. These consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with the Bank Act
(Canada) and International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Financial
information appearing throughout our Management’s Discussion and Analysis is consistent with these consolidated financial
statements.
     Our internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are authorized, assets are
safeguarded and proper records are maintained. These controls include quality standards in hiring and training of employees,
policies and procedures manuals, a corporate code of conduct and accountability for performance within appropriate and well-
defined areas of responsibility.
     The system of internal controls is further supported by a compliance function, which is designed to ensure that we and our
employees comply with securities legislation and conflict of interest rules, and by an internal audit staff, which conducts periodic
audits of all aspects of our operations.
     The Board of Directors oversees management’s responsibilities for financial reporting through an Audit Committee, which is
composed entirely of independent directors. This Committee reviews our consolidated financial statements and recommends
them to the Board for approval. Other key responsibilities of the Audit Committee include reviewing our existing internal control
procedures and planned revisions to those procedures, and advising the directors on auditing matters and financial reporting
issues. Our Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Internal Auditor have full and unrestricted access to the Audit Committee.
     The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) examines and inquires into our business and affairs
as deemed necessary to determine whether the provisions of the Bank Act are being complied with, and that we are in sound
financial condition. In carrying out its mandate, OSFI strives to protect the rights and interests of our depositors and creditors.
     PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm appointed by our shareholders upon the
recommendation of the Audit Committee and Board, has performed an independent audit of the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) as stated in their Independent Auditor’s Report and Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm, respectively. The auditors have full and unrestricted access to the Audit Committee to discuss
their audit and related findings.

David I. McKay
President and Chief Executive Officer

Nadine Ahn
Chief Financial Officer

Toronto, November 29, 2022

  Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management of Royal Bank of Canada is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the President and Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by the Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board. It includes those policies and procedures that:
• Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions related to and
  dispositions of our assets;
• Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
  accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and our receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance
  with authorizations of our management and directors; and
• Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our
  assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely
basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are
subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
     Management evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of the President and Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022, based on the
criteria set forth in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that, as of October 31, 2022, internal control over
financial reporting was effective based on the criteria established in the Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013).
     The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022, has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, as stated in their Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm, which appears herein.

David I. McKay
President and Chief Executive Officer

Nadine Ahn
Chief Financial Officer

Toronto, November 29, 2022
130   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
  Independent Auditor’s Report

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Royal Bank of Canada

Our opinion
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Royal Bank of Canada and its subsidiaries (together, the Bank) as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and its financial performance
and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS).

What we have audited
The Bank’s consolidated financial statements comprise:
•   the consolidated balance sheets as of October 31, 2022 and 2021;
•   the consolidated statements of income for the years then ended;
•   the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years then ended;
•   the consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years then ended;
•   the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended; and
•   the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other explanatory
    information.

Certain required disclosures have been presented elsewhere in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis, rather than in the
notes to the consolidated financial statements. These disclosures are cross-referenced from the consolidated financial
statements and are identified as audited.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of
our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Bank in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated
financial statements in Canada. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2022. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.

Key audit matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Allowance for Credit Losses for Financial Assets
Categorized as Stage 1 and Stage 2 (Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL)
Refer to Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies,           Our approach to addressing the matter included the following
estimates and judgments, Note 4 - Securities and Note 5 - Loans         procedures, among others:
and allowance for credit losses to the consolidated financial
                                                                        • Testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the
statements.
                                                                          estimation of the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL, including
The Bank’s allowance for credit losses for financial assets was           controls over:
$4,214 million as of October 31, 2022 and represents                        O   The probability of default, loss given default and
management’s estimate of expected credit losses on financial                    exposure at default models.
assets as of the balance sheet date, of which a significant                 O   The design of future macroeconomic scenarios, the
portion relates to financial assets categorized as Stage 1 and                  forecasting of certain macroeconomic variables, and
Stage 2. Performing financial assets are categorized as Stage 1                 the probability-weighting of these scenarios.
from initial recognition to the date on which the asset has                 O   The assignment of borrower risk ratings.
experienced a significant increase in credit risk relative to its           O   The completeness and accuracy of certain data
initial recognition. Performing financial assets transfer into                  inputs underlying the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL
Stage 2 following a significant increase in credit risk relative to             calculation.
the initial recognition. Financial assets are categorized as            • Testing management’s process for estimating the Stage 1
Stage 3 when considered to be credit-impaired. As disclosed by            and Stage 2 ACL, which consisted of:
management, the measurement of expected credit losses is a                  O   Testing the completeness and accuracy of certain
complex calculation that involves a large number of                             underlying data used in the estimation of the Stage 1
interrelated inputs and assumptions such as borrower risk                       and Stage 2 ACL.
ratings, forward-looking macroeconomic conditions, scenario                 O   Using professionals with specialized skill and
design and the weights assigned to each scenario. The                           knowledge to assist in evaluating:
probability of default, loss given default and exposure at                      •    The appropriateness of the probability of default,
default inputs are modelled based on the macroeconomic                               loss given default and exposure at default
variables that are most closely correlated with credit losses.                       models used in the estimation of the Stage 1 and
                                                                                     Stage 2 ACL.
Management’s estimation of expected credit losses in Stage 1
and Stage 2 considers five distinct future macroeconomic
                                                                      Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   131
Key audit matter                                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter
scenarios, each of which includes a forecast of relevant                                    •   The reasonableness of significant inputs and
macroeconomic variables, designed to capture a wide range of                                    assumptions used in the estimation of the Stage 1
possible outcomes and which are probability-weighted                                            and Stage 2 ACL related to:
according to management’s expectation of the relative                                             •   The design of future macroeconomic
likelihood of the range of outcomes that each scenario                                                scenarios.
represents at the reporting date. Significant management                                          •   Certain forecasted macroeconomic
judgment is required in making assumptions and estimations                                            variables.
when calculating the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL.                                                     •   The probability-weights assigned to the
                                                                                                      scenarios.
We considered this a key audit matter due to:                                                     •   The assignment of borrower risk ratings for
• The significant judgment required by management when                                                samples of loans.
  estimating the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL.
• A high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in
  performing procedures related to management’s
  assumptions for:
    O    Designing future macroeconomic scenarios.
    O    Forecasting certain macroeconomic variables.
    O    Probability-weighting scenarios.
    O    Assigning borrower risk ratings.
• The significant audit effort necessary to evaluate audit
  evidence as the estimation of the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL is a
  complex calculation that involves a large volume of data,
  interrelated inputs and assumptions, some of which are
  model-based.
• The audit effort involved the use of professionals with
  specialized skill and knowledge.
Goodwill Impairment Assessment of the Caribbean Banking
Cash Generating Unit (CGU)
Refer to Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies,                        Our approach to addressing the matter included the following
estimates and judgments and Note 11 - Goodwill and other                             procedures, among others:
intangible assets to the consolidated financial statements.                          • Testing the effectiveness of controls relating to
                                                                                       management’s goodwill impairment test, including controls
The goodwill allocated to the Caribbean Banking CGU was                                over the determination of the recoverable amount of the
$1,759 million. Management conducts a goodwill impairment                              Caribbean Banking CGU.
test as of August 1 of each year by comparing the carrying                           • Testing management’s process for determining the
amount of each CGU to its recoverable amount. The                                      recoverable amount of the CGU, which consisted of:
recoverable amount of a CGU is represented by its value in use                           O   Evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted
(VIU), except in circumstances where the carrying amount of a                                cash flow model.
CGU exceeds its VIU. In such cases, the greater of the CGU’s                             O   Testing the completeness and accuracy of certain
fair value less costs of disposal (FVLCD) and its VIU is the                                 underlying data used in the model.
recoverable amount.                                                                      O   Evaluating the reasonableness of certain
                                                                                             assumptions used by management, related to future
Management estimated the recoverable amount of the                                           cash flows, which involved evaluating the
Caribbean Banking CGU based on its FVLCD. Management                                         consistency with:
calculated the FVLCD using a discounted cash flow method                                     •    Current and past performance of the CGU.
that projects future cash flows over a 5-year period based on                                •    External market and industry data.
management forecasts, adjusted to approximate the                                        O   Evaluating consistency of the recoverable amount
considerations of a prospective third-party buyer. Cash flows                                with market comparable transactions.
beyond the initial 5-year period are assumed by management                               O   Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge
to increase at a constant rate using a nominal long-term                                     assisted us in evaluating:
growth rate. The discount rate used to determine the present                                 •    The appropriateness of management’s
value of the Caribbean Banking CGU’s projected future cash                                        discounted cash flow model.
flows is based on the bank-wide cost of capital, adjusted for                                •    The consistency of the recoverable amount of the
the risks to which the CGU is exposed.                                                            CGU with market comparable transactions.

As of August 1, 2022, management determined that the
recoverable amount was 109% of its carrying amount.
Management also considered reasonably possible alternative
scenarios, including market comparable transactions, which
yielded valuations ranging from an immaterial deficit to an
immaterial surplus.
Management uses significant judgment to determine inputs to
the discounted cash flow model. If the future cash flows and
other assumptions in future periods deviate significantly from
the current amounts used in management’s impairment
testing, the value of goodwill could become impaired.




132   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
Key audit matter                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter
We considered this a key audit matter due to:
    •   The significant judgment required by management
        when determining the recoverable amount of the CGU,
        including projecting future cash flows.
    •   A high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in
        performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence
        related to management’s calculation of the
        recoverable amount of the CGU.
    •   The audit effort involved the use of professionals with
        specialized skill and knowledge.
Uncertain Tax Positions
                                                                     Our approach to addressing the matter included the following
Refer to Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies,
                                                                     procedures, among others:
estimates and judgments and Note 22 - Income taxes to the
consolidated financial statements.                                   • Testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the
The Bank is subject to income tax laws in various jurisdictions        evaluation of uncertain tax positions and the impact on tax
where it operates and the complex tax laws are potentially             provisions.
subject to different interpretations by management and the           • Testing management’s process for (i) assessing the
relevant taxation authorities. As disclosed by management,             probability of acceptance of the Bank’s tax positions; and
significant judgment is required in the interpretation of the          (ii) estimating provisions relating to uncertain tax positions,
relevant tax laws, and in assessing the probability of                 if applicable, which reflects management’s best estimate of
acceptance of the Bank’s tax positions to determine tax                uncertain tax positions that are under audit or appeal by
provisions, which includes management’s best estimate of               relevant taxation authorities. This consisted of:
                                                                          O    Evaluating the appropriateness of the methods used.
uncertain tax positions that are under audit or appeal by the
                                                                          O    Testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying
relevant taxation authorities. Management performs a review
                                                                               data used in the estimate.
on a quarterly basis to incorporate its best assessment based
                                                                          O    Reviewing correspondence with relevant taxation
on information available, but additional liability and income
                                                                               authorities.
tax expense could result based on the acceptance of the Bank’s
                                                                          O    Making inquiries of the Bank’s internal and external
tax positions by the relevant tax authorities.
                                                                               legal counsel.
In some cases, the Bank has received reassessments denying                O    Evaluating, with the assistance of professionals with
the tax deductibility of dividends from transactions including                 specialized skill and knowledge:
those with Tax Indifferent Investors.                                          •   Application of relevant tax laws.
                                                                               •   The reasonableness of management’s
We considered this a key audit matter due to:
                                                                                   assessment of whether it is probable that the
• The significant judgment required by management, including                       relevant tax authorities will accept the Bank’s tax
  a high degree of estimation uncertainty, when:                                   positions.
    O    Interpreting the relevant tax laws.                                   •   Evidence used by management.
    O    Assessing the probability of acceptance of the Bank’s
         tax positions, which includes management’s best
         estimate of uncertain tax positions that are under
         audit or appeal by relevant taxation authorities.
• A high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in
  performing procedures and evaluating the uncertain tax
  positions.
• The audit effort involved the use of professionals with
  specialized skill and knowledge.

Other information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis and the information, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, included in the
annual report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the consolidated financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance
with IFRS, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Bank’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless management either intends to liquidate the Bank or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
                                                                  Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   133
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Bank’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian generally
accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise professional judgment and
maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
    error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
    appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
    higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
    or the override of internal control.
•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
    the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Bank’s internal control.
•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
    disclosures made by management.
•   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
    evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
    the Bank’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
    attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
    inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
    report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Bank to cease to continue as a going concern.
•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
    and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
    achieves fair presentation.
•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
    the Bank to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
    and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Samuel May.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants

Toronto, Canada
November 29, 2022




134   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Royal Bank of Canada
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Royal Bank of Canada and its subsidiaries (together, the
Bank) as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in
equity and cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements). We also have audited the Bank’s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022, based on criteria
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Bank as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in
conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Also in
our opinion, the Bank maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31,
2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions
The Bank’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on
the Bank’s consolidated financial statements and on the Bank’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Bank in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
An entity’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. An entity’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of the entity; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
entity are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the entity; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the entity’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Allowance for Credit Losses for Financial Assets Categorized as Stage 1 and Stage 2 (Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL)
As described in Notes 2, 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Bank’s allowance for credit losses for financial
assets was $4,214 million as of October 31, 2022 and represents management’s estimate of expected credit losses on financial
assets as of the balance sheet date, of which a significant portion relates to financial assets categorized as Stage 1 and Stage 2.
Performing financial assets are categorized as Stage 1 from initial recognition to the date on which the asset has experienced a
significant increase in credit risk relative to its initial recognition. Performing financial assets transfer into Stage 2 following a
significant increase in credit risk relative to the initial recognition. Financial assets are categorized as Stage 3 when considered
                                                                   Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   135
to be credit-impaired. As disclosed by management, the measurement of expected credit losses is a complex calculation that
involves a large number of interrelated inputs and assumptions such as borrower risk ratings, forward-looking macroeconomic
conditions, scenario design and the weights assigned to each scenario. The probability of default, loss given default and
exposure at default inputs are modelled based on the macroeconomic variables that are most closely correlated with credit
losses. Management’s estimation of expected credit losses in Stage 1 and Stage 2 considers five distinct future macroeconomic
scenarios, each of which includes a forecast of relevant macroeconomic variables, designed to capture a wide range of possible
outcomes and which are probability-weighted according to management’s expectation of the relative likelihood of the range of
outcomes that each scenario represents at the reporting date. Significant management judgment is required in making
assumptions and estimations when calculating the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL is a critical
audit matter are (i) the significant judgment required by management when estimating the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL; (ii) a high
degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in performing procedures related to management’s assumptions for (a) designing
future macroeconomic scenarios, (b) forecasting certain macroeconomic variables, (c) probability-weighting scenarios, and
(d) assigning borrower risk ratings; (iii) the significant audit effort necessary to evaluate audit evidence as the estimation of the
Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL is a complex calculation that involves a large volume of data, interrelated inputs and assumptions, some
of which are model-based; and (iv) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the
estimation of the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL, including controls over (i) the probability of default, loss given default and exposure at
default models; (ii) the design of future macroeconomic scenarios, the forecasting of certain macroeconomic variables, and the
probability-weighting of these scenarios; (iii) the assignment of borrower risk ratings; and (iv) the completeness and accuracy of
certain data inputs underlying the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL calculation. These procedures also included, among others, testing
management’s process for estimating the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL. This consisted of (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of
certain underlying data used in the estimation of the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL; and (ii) with the assistance of professionals with
specialized skill and knowledge, evaluating (a) the appropriateness of the probability of default, loss given default and exposure
at default models used in the estimation of the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL, and (b) the reasonableness of significant inputs and
assumptions used in the estimation of the Stage 1 and Stage 2 ACL related to (1) the design of future macroeconomic scenarios,
(2) certain forecasted macroeconomic variables, (3) the probability-weights assigned to the scenarios, and (4) the assignment of
borrower risk ratings for samples of loans.

Goodwill Impairment Assessment of the Caribbean Banking Cash Generating Unit (CGU)
As described in Notes 2 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the goodwill allocated to the Caribbean Banking CGU was
$1,759 million. Management conducts a goodwill impairment test as of August 1 of each year by comparing the carrying amount of
each CGU to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of a CGU is represented by its value in use (VIU), except in
circumstances where the carrying amount of a CGU exceeds its VIU. In such cases, the greater of the CGU’s fair value less costs
of disposal (FVLCD) and its VIU is the recoverable amount. Management estimated the recoverable amount of the Caribbean
Banking CGU based on its FVLCD. Management calculated the FVLCD using a discounted cash flow method that projects future
cash flows over a 5-year period based on management forecasts, adjusted to approximate the considerations of a prospective
third-party buyer. Cash flows beyond the initial 5-year period are assumed by management to increase at a constant rate using a
nominal long-term growth rate. The discount rate used to determine the present value of the Caribbean Banking CGU’s projected
future cash flows is based on the bank-wide cost of capital, adjusted for the risks to which the CGU is exposed. As of August 1,
2022, management determined that the recoverable amount was 109% of its carrying amount. Management also considered
reasonably possible alternative scenarios, including market comparable transactions, which yielded valuations ranging from an
immaterial deficit to an immaterial surplus. Management uses significant judgment to determine inputs to the discounted cash
flow model. If the future cash flows and other assumptions in future periods deviate significantly from the current amounts used
in management’s impairment testing, the value of goodwill could become impaired.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment
of the Caribbean Banking CGU is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment required by management when
determining the recoverable amount of the CGU, including projecting future cash flows; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment
and subjectivity in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management’s calculation of the recoverable
amount of the CGU; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to
management’s goodwill impairment test, including controls over the determination of the recoverable amount of the Caribbean
Banking CGU. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s process for determining the recoverable
amount of the CGU which consisted of (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model; (ii) testing the
completeness and accuracy of certain underlying data used in the model; (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of certain
assumptions used by management related to future cash flows, which involved evaluating the consistency with (a) current and
past performance of the CGU, and (b) external market and industry data; and (iv) evaluating consistency of the recoverable
amount with market comparable transactions. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in
evaluating the appropriateness of management’s discounted cash flow model and the consistency of the recoverable amount of
the CGU with market comparable transactions.

Uncertain Tax Positions
As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Bank is subject to income tax laws in various jurisdictions
where it operates and the complex tax laws are potentially subject to different interpretations by management and the relevant
taxation authorities. As disclosed by management, significant judgment is required in the interpretation of the relevant tax laws,
and in assessing the probability of acceptance of the Bank’s tax positions to determine tax provisions, which includes

136   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
management’s best estimate of uncertain tax positions that are under audit or appeal by the relevant taxation authorities.
Management performs a review on a quarterly basis to incorporate its best assessment based on information available, but
additional liability and income tax expense could result based on the acceptance of the Bank’s tax positions by the relevant tax
authorities. In some cases, as described in Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, the Bank has received
reassessments denying the tax deductibility of dividends from transactions including those with Tax Indifferent Investors.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to uncertain tax positions is a critical
audit matter are (i) the significant judgment required by management, including a high degree of estimation uncertainty, when
(a) interpreting the relevant tax laws, and (b) assessing the probability of acceptance of the Bank’s tax positions, which includes
management’s best estimate of uncertain tax positions that are under audit or appeal by relevant taxation authorities; (ii) a high
degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in performing procedures and evaluating the uncertain tax positions; and (iii) the
audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the
evaluation of uncertain tax positions and the impact on tax provisions. These procedures also included, among others, testing
management’s process for (i) assessing the probability of acceptance of the Bank’s tax positions; and (ii) estimating provisions
relating to uncertain tax positions, if applicable, which reflects management’s best estimate of uncertain tax positions that are
under audit or appeal by relevant taxation authorities. This consisted of (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methods used;
(ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the estimate; (iii) reviewing correspondence with relevant
taxation authorities; (iv) making inquiries of the Bank’s internal and external legal counsel; and (v) evaluating, with the
assistance of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, the application of relevant tax laws, the reasonableness of
management’s assessment of whether it is probable that the relevant tax authorities will accept the Bank’s tax positions, and
evidence used by management.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Canada
November 29, 2022

We have served as the Bank’s auditor since 2016.




                                                                Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   137
      Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                                                                                  As at
                                                                                                          October 31           October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                2022                 2021
Assets
Cash and due from banks                                                                             $      72,397         $    113,846

Interest-bearing deposits with banks                                                                     108,011                79,638
Securities (Note 4)
  Trading                                                                                                148,205               139,240
  Investment, net of applicable allowance                                                                170,018               145,484
                                                                                                         318,223               284,724
Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                             317,845               307,903
Loans (Note 5)
  Retail                                                                                                 549,751               503,598
  Wholesale                                                                                              273,967               218,066
                                                                                                         823,718               721,664
  Allowance for loan losses (Note 5)                                                                      (3,753)               (4,089)
                                                                                                         819,965               717,575

Segregated fund net assets (Note 16)                                                                        2,638                2,666
Other
  Customers’ liability under acceptances                                                                  17,827                19,798
  Derivatives (Note 9)                                                                                   154,439                95,541
  Premises and equipment (Note 10)                                                                         7,214                 7,424
  Goodwill (Note 11)                                                                                      12,277                10,854
  Other intangibles (Note 11)                                                                              6,083                 4,471
  Other assets (Note 13)                                                                                  80,300                61,883
                                                                                                         278,140               199,971
Total assets                                                                                        $ 1,917,219           $ 1,706,323
Liabilities and equity
Deposits (Note 14)
  Personal                                                                                          $    404,932          $    362,488
  Business and government                                                                                759,870               696,353
  Bank                                                                                                    44,012                41,990
                                                                                                        1,208,814             1,100,831

Segregated fund net liabilities (Note 16)                                                                   2,638                2,666
Other
  Acceptances                                                                                             17,872                19,873
  Obligations related to securities sold short                                                            35,511                37,841
  Obligations related to assets sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned                   273,947               262,201
  Derivatives (Note 9)                                                                                   153,491                91,439
  Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities (Note 15)                                               11,511                12,816
  Other liabilities (Note 18)                                                                             95,235                70,301
                                                                                                         587,567               494,471

Subordinated debentures (Note 19)                                                                          10,025                9,593
Total liabilities                                                                                       1,809,044             1,607,561
Equity attributable to shareholders
  Preferred shares and other equity instruments (Note 20)                                                   7,318                6,684
  Common shares (Note 20)                                                                                  16,984               17,655
  Retained earnings                                                                                        78,037               71,795
  Other components of equity                                                                                5,725                2,533
                                                                                                         108,064                98,667
Non-controlling interests                                                                                      111                   95
Total equity                                                                                             108,175                98,762
Total liabilities and equity                                                                        $ 1,917,219           $ 1,706,323
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

David I. McKay                                                                          Frank Vettese
President and Chief Executive Officer                                                   Director



138      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
  Consolidated Statements of Income
                                                                                                                   For the year ended

                                                                                                               October 31             October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)                                                            2022                     2021
Interest and dividend income (Note 3)
  Loans                                                                                                  $      26,565          $       21,654
  Securities                                                                                                     7,062                   4,877
  Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                                   5,447                   1,309
  Deposits and other                                                                                             1,697                     305
                                                                                                                40,771                  28,145

Interest expense (Note 3)
  Deposits and other                                                                                            10,751                   5,448
  Other liabilities                                                                                              7,015                   2,516
  Subordinated debentures                                                                                          288                     179
                                                                                                                18,054                   8,143
Net interest income                                                                                             22,717                  20,002

Non-interest income
 Insurance premiums, investment and fee income (Note 15)                                                          3,510                  5,600
 Trading revenue                                                                                                    926                  1,183
 Investment management and custodial fees                                                                         7,610                  7,132
 Mutual fund revenue                                                                                              4,289                  4,251
 Securities brokerage commissions                                                                                 1,481                  1,538
 Service charges                                                                                                  1,976                  1,858
 Underwriting and other advisory fees                                                                             2,058                  2,692
 Foreign exchange revenue, other than trading                                                                     1,038                  1,066
 Card service revenue                                                                                             1,203                  1,078
 Credit fees                                                                                                      1,512                  1,530
 Net gains on investment securities                                                                                  43                    145
 Share of profit in joint ventures and associates (Note 12)                                                         110                    130
 Other                                                                                                              512                  1,488
                                                                                                                26,268                  29,691
Total revenue                                                                                                   48,985                  49,693
Provision for credit losses (Notes 4 and 5)                                                                          484                     (753)
Insurance policyholder benefits, claims and acquisition expense (Note 15)                                         1,783                  3,891

Non-interest expense
 Human resources (Note 17 and 21)                                                                               16,528                  16,539
 Equipment                                                                                                       2,099                   1,986
 Occupancy                                                                                                       1,554                   1,584
 Communications                                                                                                  1,082                     931
 Professional fees                                                                                               1,511                   1,351
 Amortization of other intangibles (Note 11)                                                                     1,369                   1,287
 Other                                                                                                           2,466                   2,246
                                                                                                                26,609                  25,924
Income before income taxes                                                                                      20,109                  20,631
Income taxes (Note 22)                                                                                           4,302                   4,581
Net income                                                                                               $      15,807          $       16,050
Net income attributable to:
 Shareholders                                                                                            $      15,794          $       16,038
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                          13                      12
                                                                                                         $      15,807          $       16,050
Basic earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 23)                                                          $        11.08         $        11.08
Diluted earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 23)                                                                 11.06                  11.06
Dividends per common share (in dollars)                                                                            4.96                   4.32
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                              Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      139
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                              For the year ended

                                                                                                           October 31         October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                 2022                 2021
Net income                                                                                             $     15,807      $         16,050
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes (Note 22)
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to income:
  Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities and loans at fair value through
    other comprehensive income
    Net unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities and loans at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                                                                                  (2,241)                  177
    Provision for credit losses recognized in income                                                           (16)                   (9)
    Reclassification of net losses (gains) on debt securities and loans at fair value through other
      comprehensive income to income                                                                            (12)                (117)
                                                                                                            (2,269)                   51
  Foreign currency translation adjustments
    Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses)                                                   5,091                 (4,316)
    Net foreign currency translation gains (losses) from hedging activities                                 (1,449)                 1,740
    Reclassification of losses (gains) on foreign currency translation to income                               (18)                    (7)
    Reclassification of losses (gains) on net investment hedging activities to income                           17                     (1)
                                                                                                             3,641                 (2,584)
  Net change in cash flow hedges
   Net gains (losses) on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges                                          1,634                  1,373
   Reclassification of losses (gains) on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges to income                  194                    272
                                                                                                             1,828                  1,645
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to income:
  Remeasurements of employee benefit plans                                                                      821                 2,251
  Net fair value change due to credit risk on financial liabilities designated at fair value through
    profit or loss                                                                                           1,747                    55
  Net gains (losses) on equity securities designated at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                                                                                         50                   38
                                                                                                             2,618                  2,344
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes                                                        5,818                  1,456
Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                                      $    21,625       $         17,506
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Shareholders                                                                                         $    21,604       $         17,501
  Non-controlling interests                                                                                     21                      5
                                                                                                       $    21,625       $         17,506

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




140      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity


                                                                                                                                                                       For the year ended October 31, 2022

                                                                                                                                                                                      Other components of equity
                                                                                                                                  Treasury –
                                                                                                           Preferred               preferred
                                                                                                          shares and             shares and Treasury –                      FVOCI     Foreign                   Total other       Equity
                                                                                                         other equity   Common other equity   common        Retained     securities  currency        Cash flow components attributable to Non-controlling              Total
                                           (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                instruments     shares instruments    shares       earnings     and loans translation         hedges     of equity shareholders        interests             equity

                                           Balance at beginning of period                                $    6,723 $ 17,728 $          (39) $      (73) $ 71,795        $     (88) $      2,055 $        566 $        2,533 $      98,667 $               95 $      98,762
                                           Changes in equity
                                             Issues of share capital and other equity instruments                750         99           –            –         (1)              –            –              –            –            848                 –           848
                                             Common shares purchased for cancellation                              –       (509)          –            –     (4,917)              –            –              –            –         (5,426)                –        (5,426)
                                             Redemption of preferred shares and other equity instruments        (150)         –           –            –         (5)              –            –              –            –           (155)                –          (155)
                                             Sales of treasury shares and other equity instruments                 –          –         552        4,922          –               –            –              –            –          5,474                 –         5,474
                                             Purchases of treasury shares and other equity instruments             –          –        (518)      (5,183)         –               –            –              –            –         (5,701)                –        (5,701)
                                             Share-based compensation awards                                       –          –           –            –          2               –            –              –            –              2                 –             2
                                             Dividends on common shares                                            –          –           –            –     (6,946)              –            –              –            –         (6,946)                –        (6,946)
                                             Dividends on preferred shares and distributions on other
                                               equity instruments                                                  –          –           –           –        (247)              –            –            –              –          (247)                (5)         (252)
                                             Other                                                                 –          –           –           –         (56)              –            –            –              –           (56)                 –           (56)
                                             Net income                                                            –          –           –           –      15,794               –            –            –              –        15,794                 13        15,807
                                             Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes                 –          –           –           –       2,618          (2,269)       3,633        1,828          3,192         5,810                  8         5,818
                                           Balance at end of period                                     $     7,323 $ 17,318 $            (5) $    (334) $ 78,037        $ (2,357) $       5,688 $      2,394 $        5,725 $     108,064 $             111 $ 108,175



                                                                                                                                                                        For the year ended October 31, 2021

                                                                                                                                                                                      Other components of equity
                                                                                                                                   Treasury –
                                                                                                            Preferred               preferred
                                                                                                          shares and              shares and Treasury –                     FVOCI     Foreign                      Total other       Equity
                                                                                                         other equity   Common other equity    common       Retained     securities  currency        Cash flow    components attributable to   Non-controlling
                                           (Millions of Canadian dollars)                                instruments      shares instruments     shares     earnings     and loans translation         hedges        of equity shareholders          interests   Total equity
Consolidated Financial Statements




                                           Balance at beginning of period                                $     5,948 $ 17,628 $           (3) $     (129) $ 59,806       $     (139) $      4,632 $ (1,079) $          3,414 $       86,664 $             103 $      86,767
                                           Changes in equity
                                             Issues of share capital and other equity instruments              2,250        100           –            –          (5)             –             –             –            –          2,345                 –          2,345
                                             Common shares purchased for cancellation                              –          –           –            –           –              –             –             –            –              –                 –              –
                                             Redemption of preferred shares and other equity instruments      (1,475)         –           –            –           –              –             –             –            –         (1,475)                –         (1,475)
                                             Sales of treasury shares and other equity instruments                 –          –         647        4,116           –              –             –             –            –          4,763                 –          4,763
                                             Purchases of treasury shares and other equity instruments             –          –        (683)      (4,060)          –              –             –             –            –         (4,743)                –         (4,743)
                                             Share-based compensation awards                                       –          –           –            –          (6)             –             –             –            –             (6)                –             (6)
                                             Dividends on common shares                                            –          –           –            –      (6,158)             –             –             –            –         (6,158)                –         (6,158)
                                             Dividends on preferred shares and distributions on other
                                               equity instruments                                                  –          –           –            –       (257)              –             –           –              –           (257)               (3)         (260)
                                             Other                                                                 –          –           –            –         33               –             –           –              –             33               (10)           23
                                             Net income                                                            –          –           –            –     16,038               –             –           –              –         16,038                12        16,050
                                             Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes                 –          –           –            –      2,344              51        (2,577)      1,645           (881)         1,463                (7)        1,456
Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022




                                           Balance at end of period                                     $      6,723 $ 17,728 $         (39) $       (73) $ 71,795       $      (88) $      2,055 $       566 $        2,533 $       98,667 $              95 $      98,762

141                                        The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                                                                                                                   For the year ended

                                                                                                                                               October 31            October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                      2022                  2021
Cash flows from operating activities
  Net income                                                                                                                              $      15,807         $       16,050
  Adjustments for non-cash items and others
    Provision for credit losses                                                                                                                      484                  (753)
    Depreciation                                                                                                                                   1,265                 1,276
    Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                            569                   581
    Amortization and impairment of other intangibles                                                                                               1,387                 1,316
    Net changes in investments in joint ventures and associates                                                                                     (108)                 (127)
    Losses (Gains) on investment securities                                                                                                          (43)                 (151)
    Losses (Gains) on disposition of business                                                                                                       (100)                  (26)
  Adjustments for net changes in operating assets and liabilities
    Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities                                                                                             (1,305)                   601
    Net change in accrued interest receivable and payable                                                                                          333                   (509)
    Current income taxes                                                                                                                        (3,336)                 1,738
    Derivative assets                                                                                                                          (58,898)                17,947
    Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                      62,052                (18,488)
    Trading securities                                                                                                                          (8,931)                (3,164)
    Loans, net of securitizations                                                                                                             (102,653)               (54,987)
    Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                                                                (9,942)                 5,112
    Obligations related to assets sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned                                                        11,746                (12,030)
    Obligations related to securities sold short                                                                                                (2,330)                 8,556
    Deposits, net of securitizations                                                                                                           108,533                 88,876
    Brokers and dealers receivable and payable                                                                                                   4,612                     35
    Other                                                                                                                                        2,800                  9,191
Net cash from (used in) operating activities                                                                                                     21,942                 61,044
Cash flows from investing activities
  Change in interest-bearing deposits with banks                                                                                               (28,373)              (40,618)
  Proceeds from sales and maturities of investment securities                                                                                   99,143               108,925
  Purchases of investment securities                                                                                                          (122,964)             (123,547)
  Net acquisitions of premises and equipment and other intangibles                                                                              (2,500)               (2,186)
  Net proceeds from (cash transferred for) dispositions                                                                                           (313)                   78
  Cash used in acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                                                               (2,047)                    –
Net cash from (used in) investing activities                                                                                                    (57,054)              (57,348)
Cash flows from financing activities
  Issuance of subordinated debentures                                                                                                              1,000                 2,750
  Repayment of subordinated debentures                                                                                                              (192)               (2,500)
  Issue of common shares, net of issuance costs                                                                                                       51                    90
  Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                                        (5,426)                    –
  Issue of preferred shares and other equity instruments, net of issuance costs                                                                      749                 2,245
  Redemption of preferred shares and other equity instruments                                                                                       (155)               (1,475)
  Sales of treasury shares                                                                                                                         5,474                 4,763
  Purchases of treasury shares                                                                                                                    (5,701)               (4,743)
  Dividends paid on shares and distributions paid on other equity instruments                                                                     (6,960)               (6,420)
  Dividends/distributions paid to non-controlling interests                                                                                           (5)                   (3)
  Change in short-term borrowings of subsidiaries                                                                                                  9,609                   (14)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                                                    (629)                 (621)
Net cash from (used in) financing activities                                                                                                      (2,185)               (5,928)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and due from banks                                                                                        (4,152)               (2,810)
Net change in cash and due from banks                                                                                                          (41,449)               (5,042)
Cash and due from banks at beginning of period (1)                                                                                             113,846               118,888
Cash and due from banks at end of period (1)                                                                                              $      72,397         $    113,846
Cash flows from operating activities include:
  Amount of interest paid                                                                                                                 $      13,677         $        7,555
  Amount of interest received                                                                                                                    35,817                 26,412
  Amount of dividends received                                                                                                                    3,144                  2,575
  Amount of income taxes paid                                                                                                                     7,326                  4,198
(1)    We are required to maintain balances with central banks and other regulatory authorities. The total balances were $2 billion as at October 31, 2022 (October 31, 2021 –
       $2 billion; October 31, 2020 – $3 billion).

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




142       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Consolidated Financial Statements
  Note 1   General information

Royal Bank of Canada and its subsidiaries (the Bank) provide diversified financial services including Personal & Commercial
Banking, Wealth Management, Insurance, Investor & Treasury Services and Capital Markets products and services on a global
basis. Refer to Note 27 for further details on our business segments.
     The parent bank, Royal Bank of Canada, is a Schedule I Bank under the Bank Act (Canada) incorporated and domiciled in
Canada. Our corporate headquarters are located at Royal Bank Plaza, 200 Bay Street, Toronto, Ontario, Canada and our head
office is located at 1 Place Ville-Marie, Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Our common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange
and New York Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol RY.
     These Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Unless otherwise stated, monetary amounts are stated
in Canadian dollars. Tabular information is stated in millions of dollars, except as noted. These Consolidated Financial
Statements also comply with Subsection 308 of the Bank Act (Canada), which states that, except as otherwise specified by the
Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI), our Consolidated Financial Statements are to be prepared in
accordance with IFRS. The accounting policies outlined in Note 2 have been consistently applied to all periods presented.
     On November 29, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized the Consolidated Financial Statements for issue.

  Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments

The significant accounting policies used in the preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, including the accounting
requirements prescribed by OSFI, are summarized below. These accounting policies conform, in all material respects, to IFRS.
The same accounting policies have been applied to all periods presented.

General
Use of estimates and assumptions
In preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, management is required to make subjective estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, net income and related disclosures. Estimates made by management are based
on historical experience and other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable. Key sources of estimation uncertainty
include: determination of fair value of financial instruments, allowance for credit losses, insurance claims and policy benefit
liabilities, pensions and other post-employment benefits, income taxes, goodwill and other intangible assets, and provisions.
Accordingly, actual results may differ from these and other estimates thereby impacting our future Consolidated Financial
Statements. Refer to the relevant accounting policies in this Note for details on our use of estimates and assumptions.

Significant judgments
In preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, management is required to make significant judgments that affect
the carrying amounts of certain assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses recorded during the
period. Significant judgments have been made in the following areas and discussed as noted in the Consolidated Financial
Statements:

Consolidation of structured entities                Note 2           Application of the effective interest method                   Note 2
                                                    Note 8

Fair value of financial instruments                 Note 2           Derecognition of financial assets                              Note 2
                                                    Note 3                                                                          Note 7

Allowance for credit losses                         Note 2           Income taxes                                                   Note 2
                                                    Note 4                                                                          Note 22
                                                    Note 5

Employee benefits                                   Note 2           Provisions                                                     Note 2
                                                    Note 17                                                                         Note 24
                                                                                                                                    Note 25

Goodwill and other intangibles                      Note 2
                                                    Note 11

Basis of consolidation
Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the assets and liabilities and results of operations of the parent company, Royal
Bank of Canada, and its subsidiaries including certain structured entities, after elimination of intercompany transactions,
balances, revenues and expenses.

Consolidation
Subsidiaries are those entities, including structured entities, over which we have control. We control an entity when we are
exposed, or have rights, to variable returns from our involvement with the entity and have the ability to affect those returns
through our power over the investee. We have power over an entity when we have existing rights that give us the current ability
to direct the activities that most significantly affect the entity’s returns (relevant activities). Power may be determined on the
basis of voting rights or, in the case of structured entities, other contractual arrangements.
     We are not deemed to control an entity when we exercise power over an entity in an agency capacity. In determining
whether we are acting as an agent, we consider the overall relationship between us, the investee and other parties to the
arrangement with respect to the following factors: (i) the scope of our decision-making power; (ii) the rights held by other
parties; (iii) the remuneration to which we are entitled; and (iv) our exposure to variability of returns.
                                                                 Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   143
  Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments (continued)

     The determination of control is based on the current facts and circumstances and is continuously assessed. In some
circumstances, different factors and conditions may indicate that different parties control an entity depending on whether those
factors and conditions are assessed in isolation or in totality. Significant judgment is applied in assessing the relevant factors
and conditions in totality when determining whether we control an entity. Specifically, judgment is applied in assessing whether
we have substantive decision-making rights over the relevant activities and whether we are exercising our power as a principal
or an agent.
     We consolidate all subsidiaries from the date we obtain control and cease consolidation when an entity is no longer
controlled by us. Our consolidation conclusions affect the classification and amount of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements.
     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries that we consolidate are shown on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as a separate
component of equity which is distinct from equity attributable to our shareholders. The net income attributable to
non-controlling interests is separately disclosed in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Investments in joint ventures and associates
Our investments in associated corporations and limited partnerships over which we have significant influence are accounted for
using the equity method. The equity method is also applied to our interests in joint ventures over which we have joint control.
Under the equity method of accounting, investments are initially recorded at cost, and the carrying amount is increased or
decreased to recognize our share of the investee’s net profit or loss, including our proportionate share of the investee’s Other
comprehensive income (OCI), subsequent to the date of acquisition.

Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations
Non-current assets (and disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered principally
through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is satisfied when the asset is available for immediate
sale in its present condition, management is committed to the sale, and it is highly probable to occur within one year. Non-current
assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their previous carrying amount and fair value
less costs to sell and if significant, are presented separately from other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
     A disposal group is classified as a discontinued operation if it meets the following conditions: (i) it is a component that can
be distinguished operationally and financially from the rest of our operations and (ii) it represents either a separate major line of
business or is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of
operations. Disposal groups classified as discontinued operations are presented separately from our continuing operations in
our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Financial Instruments
Classification of financial assets
Financial assets are measured at initial recognition at fair value, and are classified and subsequently measured at fair value
through profit or loss (FVTPL), fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) or amortized cost based on our business
model for managing the financial instruments and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the instrument.
    Debt instruments are measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met and the asset is not designated
as FVTPL: (a) the asset is held within a business model that is Held-to-Collect (HTC) as described below, and (b) the contractual
terms of the instrument give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
outstanding (SPPI).
    Debt instruments are measured at FVOCI if both of the following conditions are met and the asset is not designated as
FVTPL: (a) the asset is held within a business model that is Held-to-Collect-and-Sell (HTC&S) as described below, and (b) the
contractual terms of the instrument give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are SPPI.
    All other debt instruments are measured at FVTPL.
    Equity instruments are measured at FVTPL, unless the asset is not held for trading purposes and we make an irrevocable
election to designate the asset as FVOCI. This election is made on an instrument-by-instrument basis.

Business model assessment
We determine our business models at the level that best reflects how we manage portfolios of financial assets to achieve our
business objectives. Judgment is used in determining our business models, which is supported by relevant, objective evidence
including:
     •   How the economic activities of our businesses generate benefits, for example through trading revenue, enhancing yields
         or hedging funding or other costs and how such economic activities are evaluated and reported to key management
         personnel;
     •   The significant risks affecting the performance of our businesses, for example, market risk, credit risk, or other risks as
         described in the Risk Management section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis, and the activities undertaken to
         manage those risks;
     •   Historical and future expectations of sales of the loans or securities portfolios managed as part of a business model;
         and
     •   The compensation structures for managers of our businesses, to the extent that these are directly linked to the
         economic performance of the business model.
Our business models fall into three categories, which are indicative of the key strategies used to generate returns:
     •   HTC: The objective of this business model is to hold loans and securities to collect contractual principal and interest
         cash flows. Sales are incidental to this objective and are expected to be insignificant or infrequent.
     •   HTC&S: Both collecting contractual cash flows and sales are integral to achieving the objective of the business model.
     •   Other fair value business models: These business models are neither HTC nor HTC&S, and primarily represent business
         models where assets are held-for-trading or managed on a fair value basis.


144    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
SPPI assessment
Instruments held within a HTC or HTC&S business model are assessed to evaluate if their contractual cash flows are comprised
of solely payments of principal and interest. SPPI payments are those which would typically be expected from basic lending
arrangements. Principal amounts include par repayments from lending and financing arrangements, and interest primarily
relates to basic lending returns, including compensation for credit risk and the time value of money associated with the principal
amount outstanding over a period of time. Interest can also include other basic lending risks and costs (for example, liquidity
risk, servicing or administrative costs) associated with holding the financial asset for a period of time, and a profit margin.
     Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or variability of cash flows that are inconsistent with a basic lending
arrangement, the related financial asset is classified and measured at FVTPL.

Securities
Trading securities include all securities that are classified as FVTPL by nature and securities designated as FVTPL. Obligations to
deliver trading securities sold but not yet purchased are recorded as liabilities and carried at fair value. Realized and unrealized
gains and losses on these securities are generally recorded as Non-interest income – Trading revenue or Non-interest income –
Other. Dividends and interest income accruing on Trading securities are recorded in Interest and dividend income. Interest and
dividends accrued on securities sold short are recorded in Interest expense.
     Investment securities include all securities classified as FVOCI and amortized cost. All investment securities are initially
recorded at fair value and subsequently measured according to the respective classification.
     Investment securities carried at amortized cost are measured using the effective interest method, and are presented net of
any allowance for credit losses, calculated in accordance with our policy for Allowance for credit losses, as described below.
Interest income, including the amortization of premiums and discounts on securities measured at amortized cost are recorded in
Interest and dividend income. Impairment gains or losses recognized on amortized cost securities are recorded in Provision for
credit losses (PCL). When a debt instrument measured at amortized cost is sold, the difference between the sale proceeds and
the amortized cost of the security at the time of the sale is recorded as Net gains on Investment securities in Non-interest
income.
     Debt securities carried at FVOCI are measured at fair value with unrealized gains and losses arising from changes in fair value
included in Other components of equity. Impairment gains and losses are included in PCL and correspondingly reduce the
accumulated changes in fair value included in Other components of equity. When a debt instrument measured at FVOCI is sold, the
cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from Other components of equity to Net gains on Investment securities in Non-interest income.
     Equity securities carried at FVOCI are measured at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses arising from changes in fair value
are recorded in Other components of equity and not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss when realized. Dividends from
FVOCI equity securities are recognized in Interest and dividend income.
     We account for all of our securities using settlement date accounting and changes in fair value between the trade date and
settlement date are reflected in income for securities measured at FVTPL, and changes in the fair value of securities measured at
FVOCI between the trade and settlement dates are recorded in OCI except for changes in foreign exchange rates on debt
securities, which are recorded in Non-interest income-Other.

Fair value option
A financial instrument with a reliably measurable fair value can be designated as FVTPL (the fair value option) on its initial recognition
even if the financial instrument was not acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling or repurchasing. The fair value
option can be used for financial assets if it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
otherwise arise from measuring assets or liabilities, or recognizing related gains and losses on a different basis (an accounting
mismatch). The fair value option can be elected for financial liabilities if: (i) the election eliminates an accounting mismatch; (ii) the
financial liability is part of a portfolio that is managed on a fair value basis, in accordance with a documented risk management or
investment strategy; or (iii) there is an embedded derivative in the financial or non-financial host contract and the derivative is not
closely related to the host contract. These instruments cannot be reclassified out of the FVTPL category while they are held or issued.
     Financial assets designated as FVTPL are recorded at fair value and any unrealized gain or loss arising due to changes in fair value is
included in Trading revenue or Non-interest income – Other, depending on our business purpose for holding the financial asset.
     Financial liabilities designated as FVTPL are recorded at fair value and fair value changes attributable to changes in our own
credit risk are recorded in OCI. Own credit risk amounts recognized in OCI will not be reclassified subsequently to net income.
The remaining fair value changes not attributable to changes in our own credit risk are recorded in Trading revenue or
Non-interest income – Other, depending on our business purpose for holding the financial liability. Upon initial recognition, if we
determine that presenting the effects of own credit risk changes in OCI would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in net
income, the full fair value change in our debt designated as FVTPL is recognized in net income. To make that determination, we
assess whether we expect that the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk will be offset in profit or loss by a change in the
fair value of another financial instrument measured at FVTPL. Such an expectation is based on an economic relationship between
the characteristics of the liability and the characteristics of the other financial instrument. The determination is made at initial
recognition and is not reassessed. To determine the fair value adjustments on our debt instruments designated as FVTPL, we
calculate the present value of the instruments based on the contractual cash flows over the term of the arrangement by using
our effective funding rate at the beginning and end of the period.

Determination of fair value
The fair value of a financial instrument is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We determine fair value by incorporating all factors
that market participants would consider in setting a price, including commonly accepted valuation approaches.
     The Board of Directors provides oversight on valuation of financial instruments, primarily through the Audit Committee and
Risk Committee. The Audit Committee reviews the presentation and disclosure of financial instruments that are measured at fair
value, while the Risk Committee assesses the adequacy of governance structures and control processes for the valuation of
these instruments.
     We have established policies, procedures and controls for valuation methodologies and techniques to ensure that fair value
is reasonably estimated. Major valuation processes and controls include, but are not limited to, profit and loss decomposition,
independent price verification (IPV) and model validation standards. These control processes are managed by either Finance or
Group Risk Management and are independent of the relevant businesses and their trading functions. Profit and loss
                                                                    Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   145
  Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments (continued)

decomposition is a process to explain the fair value changes of certain positions and is performed daily for trading portfolios. All
fair value instruments are subject to IPV, a process whereby trading function valuations are verified against external market
prices and other relevant market data. Market data sources include traded prices, brokers and price vendors. We give priority to
those third-party pricing services and prices having the highest and most consistent accuracy. The level of accuracy is
determined over time by comparing third-party price values to traders’ or system values, to other pricing service values and,
when available, to actual trade data. Quoted prices for identical instruments from pricing services or brokers are generally not
adjusted unless there are issues such as stale prices. If multiple quotes for identical instruments are received, fair value is based
on an average of the prices received or the quote from the most reliable vendor, after the outlier prices that fall outside of the
pricing range are removed. Other valuation techniques are used when a price or quote is not available. Some valuation
processes use models to determine fair value. We have a systematic and consistent approach to control the use of models.
Valuation models are approved for use within our model risk management framework. The framework addresses, among other
things, model development standards, validation processes and procedures and approval authorities. Model validation ensures
that a model is suitable for its intended use and sets parameters for its use. All models are revalidated regularly by qualified
personnel who are independent of the model design and development. Annually our model risk profile is reported to the Board of
Directors.
     IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement permits an exception, through an accounting policy choice, to measure the fair value of a
portfolio of financial instruments on a net open risk position basis when certain criteria are met. We have elected to use this
policy choice to determine the fair value of certain portfolios of financial instruments, primarily derivatives, based on a net
exposure to market or credit risk.
     We record valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect counterparty credit quality of our derivative portfolio, differences
between the actual counterparty collateral discount curve and standard overnight index swap (OIS) discounting for
collateralized derivatives, funding valuation adjustments (FVA) for uncollateralized and under-collateralized over-the-counter
(OTC) derivatives, unrealized gains or losses at inception of the transaction, bid-offer spreads, unobservable parameters and
model limitations. These adjustments may be subjective as they require significant judgment in the input selection, such as
implied probability of default (PD) and recovery rate, and are intended to arrive at a fair value that is determined based on
assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the financial instrument. The realized price for a transaction may be
different from its recorded value, previously estimated using management judgment. Valuation adjustments may therefore
impact unrealized gains and losses recognized in Non-interest income – Trading revenue or Other.
     Valuation adjustments are recorded for the credit risk of our derivative portfolios in order to arrive at their fair values. Credit
valuation adjustments (CVA) take into account our counterparties’ creditworthiness, the current and potential future
mark-to-market of transactions and the effects of credit mitigants such as master netting and collateral agreements. CVA
amounts are derived from estimates of exposure at default (EAD), PD, recovery rates on a counterparty basis and market and
credit factor correlations. EAD is the value of expected derivative related assets and liabilities at the time of default, estimated
through modelling using underlying risk factors. PD is implied from the market prices for credit protection and the credit ratings
of the counterparty. When market data is unavailable, it is estimated by incorporating assumptions and adjustments that market
participants would use for determining fair value using these inputs. Correlation is the statistical measure of how credit and
market factors may move in relation to one another. Correlation is estimated using historical data. CVA is calculated daily and
changes are recorded in Non-interest income – Trading revenue.
     FVA are also calculated to incorporate the cost and benefit of funding in the valuation of uncollateralized and under-
collateralized OTC derivatives. Future expected cash flows of these derivatives are discounted to reflect the cost and benefit of
funding the derivatives by using a funding curve, implied volatilities and correlations as inputs.
     Where required, a valuation adjustment is made to reflect the unrealized gain or loss at inception of a financial instrument
contract where the fair value of that financial instrument is not obtained from a quoted market price or cannot be evidenced by
other observable market transactions based on a valuation technique incorporating observable market data.
     A bid-offer valuation adjustment is required when a financial instrument is valued at the mid-market price, instead of the bid
or offer price for asset or liability positions, respectively. The valuation adjustment takes into account the spread from the
mid-market price to either the bid or offer price.
     Some valuation models require parameter calibration from such factors as market observable option prices. The calibration
of parameters may be sensitive to factors such as the choice of instruments or optimization methodology. A valuation
adjustment is also estimated to mitigate the uncertainties of parameter calibration and model limitations.
     In determining fair value, a hierarchy is used which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques. The fair value hierarchy
gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest
priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). Determination of fair value based on this hierarchy requires the use of observable market
data whenever available. Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we
have the ability to access at the measurement date. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and model inputs that are either
observable, or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3
inputs are one or more inputs that are unobservable and significant to the fair value of the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs
are used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available at the measurement date. The availability of
inputs for valuation may affect the selection of valuation techniques. The classification of a financial instrument in the hierarchy
for disclosure purposes is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement of fair value.
     Where observable prices or inputs are not available, management judgment is required to determine fair values by
assessing other relevant sources of information such as historical data, proxy information from similar transactions, and through
extrapolation and interpolation techniques. For more complex or illiquid instruments, significant judgment is required in the
determination of the model used, the selection of model inputs, and in some cases the application of valuation adjustments to
the model value or quoted price for inactively traded financial instruments, as the selection of model inputs may be subjective
and the inputs may be unobservable. Unobservable inputs are inherently uncertain as there is little or no market data available
from which to determine the level at which the transaction would occur under normal business circumstances. Appropriate
parameter uncertainty and market risk valuation adjustments for such inputs and other model risk valuation adjustments are
assessed in all such instances.

146    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
Loans
Loans are debt instruments recognized initially at fair value and are subsequently measured in accordance with the
Classification of financial assets policy provided above. The majority of our loans are carried at amortized cost using the
effective interest method, which represents the gross carrying amount less allowance for credit losses.
     Interest on loans is recognized in Interest income using the effective interest method. The estimated future cash flows used in
this calculation include those determined by the contractual term of the asset and all fees that are considered to be integral to the
effective interest rate. Also included in this amount are transaction costs and all other premiums or discounts. Fees that relate to
activities such as originating, restructuring or renegotiating loans are deferred and recognized as Interest income over the
expected term of such loans using the effective interest method. Where there is a reasonable expectation that a loan will be
originated, commitment and standby fees are also recognized as interest income over the expected term of the resulting loans
using the effective interest method. Otherwise, such fees are recorded as other liabilities and amortized into Non-interest income
over the commitment or standby period. Future prepayment fees on mortgage loans are not included as part of the effective
interest rate at origination. If prepayment fees are received on a renewal of a mortgage loan before maturity, the fee is included as
part of the effective interest rate, and if not renewed, the prepayment fee is recognized in interest income at the prepayment date.
     For loans carried at amortized cost or FVOCI, impairment losses are recognized at each balance sheet date in accordance
with the three-stage impairment model outlined below.

Allowance for credit losses
An allowance for credit losses (ACL) is established for all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated as
FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI, which are not subject to impairment assessment. Assets subject to impairment
assessment include loans, debt securities, interest-bearing deposits with banks, customers’ liability under acceptances, accounts
and accrued interest receivable, and finance and operating lease receivables. ACL on loans measured at amortized cost is
presented in Allowance for loan losses. ACL on debt securities measured at FVOCI is presented in Other components of equity.
Other financial assets carried at amortized cost are presented net of ACL on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
    Off-balance sheet items subject to impairment assessment include financial guarantees and undrawn loan commitments.
ACL on off-balance sheet items is separately calculated and included in Other Liabilities – Provisions.
    We measure the ACL on each balance sheet date according to a three-stage expected credit loss impairment model:
    •    Performing financial assets
         •   Stage 1 – From initial recognition of a financial asset to the date on which the asset has experienced a significant
             increase in credit risk relative to its initial recognition, a loss allowance is recognized equal to the credit losses
             expected to result from defaults occurring over the 12 months following the reporting date.
         •   Stage 2 – Following a significant increase in credit risk relative to the initial recognition of the financial asset, a loss
             allowance is recognized equal to the credit losses expected over the remaining lifetime of the asset.
    •    Impaired financial assets
         •   Stage 3 – When a financial asset is considered to be credit-impaired, a loss allowance is recognized equal to credit
             losses expected over the remaining lifetime of the asset. Interest income is calculated based on the carrying
             amount of the asset, net of the loss allowance, rather than on its gross carrying amount.

The ACL is a discounted probability-weighted estimate of the cash shortfalls expected to result from defaults over the relevant
time horizon. For loan commitments, credit loss estimates consider the portion of the commitment that is expected to be drawn
over the relevant time period. For financial guarantees, credit loss estimates are based on the expected payments required under
the guarantee contract. For finance lease receivables, credit loss estimates are based on cash flows consistent with the cash
flows used in measuring the lease receivable.
     Increases or decreases in the required ACL attributable to model changes and new originations, sales or maturities, and
changes in risk, parameters and exposures due to changes in loss expectations or stage transfers are recorded in PCL. Write-offs
and recoveries of amounts previously written off are recorded against ACL.
     The ACL represents an unbiased estimate of expected credit losses on our financial assets as at the balance sheet date.
Judgment is required in making assumptions and estimations when calculating the ACL, including movements between the three
stages and the application of forward-looking information. The underlying assumptions and estimates may result in changes to
the provisions from period to period that significantly affect our results of operations.

Measurement of expected credit losses
Expected credit losses are based on a range of possible outcomes and consider all available reasonable and supportable
information including internal and external ratings, historical credit loss experience, and expectations about future cash flows.
The measurement of expected credit losses is based primarily on the product of the instrument’s PD, loss given default (LGD),
and EAD discounted to the reporting date. The main difference between Stage 1 and Stage 2 expected credit losses for performing
financial assets is the respective calculation horizon. Stage 1 estimates project PD, LGD and EAD over a maximum period of
12 months while Stage 2 estimates project PD, LGD and EAD over the remaining lifetime of the instrument.
     An expected credit loss estimate is produced for each individual exposure. Relevant parameters are modelled on a collective
basis using portfolio segmentation that allows for appropriate incorporation of forward-looking information. To reflect other
characteristics that are not already considered through modelling, expert credit judgment is exercised in determining the final
expected credit losses.
     For a small percentage of our portfolios which lack detailed historical information and/or loss experience, we apply
simplified measurement approaches that may differ from what is described above. These approaches have been designed to
maximize the available information that is reliable and supportable for each portfolio and may be collective in nature.
     Expected credit losses are discounted to the reporting period date using the effective interest rate.

Expected life
For instruments in Stage 2 or Stage 3, loss allowances reflect expected credit losses over the expected remaining lifetime of the
instrument. For most instruments, the expected life is limited to the remaining contractual life.



                                                                   Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   147
  Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments (continued)

     An exemption is provided for certain instruments with the following characteristics: (a) the instrument includes both a loan
and undrawn commitment component; (b) we have the contractual ability to demand repayment and cancel the undrawn
commitment; and (c) our exposure to credit losses is not limited to the contractual notice period. For products in scope of this
exemption, the expected life may exceed the remaining contractual life and is the period over which our exposure to credit losses
is not mitigated by our normal credit risk management actions. This period varies by product and risk category and is estimated
based on our historical experience with similar exposures and consideration of credit risk management actions taken as part of
our regular credit review cycle. Products in scope of this exemption include credit cards, overdraft balances and certain revolving
lines of credit. Judgment is required in determining the instruments in scope for this exemption and estimating the appropriate
remaining life based on our historical experience and credit risk mitigation practices.

Assessment of significant increase in credit risk
The assessment of significant increase in credit risk requires significant judgment. Movements between Stage 1 and Stage 2 are
based on whether an instrument’s credit risk as at the reporting date has increased significantly relative to the date it was
initially recognized. For the purposes of this assessment, credit risk is based on an instrument’s lifetime PD, not the losses we
expect to incur. The assessment is generally performed at the instrument level.
     Our assessment of significant increases in credit risk is performed at least quarterly based on three factors. If any of the
following factors indicates that a significant increase in credit risk has occurred, the instrument is moved from Stage 1 to Stage 2:
     (1) We have established thresholds for significant increases in credit risk based on both a percentage and absolute change
           in lifetime PD relative to initial recognition. For our wholesale portfolio, a decrease in the borrower’s risk rating is also
           required to determine that credit risk has increased significantly.
     (2) Additional qualitative reviews are performed to assess the staging results and make adjustments, as necessary, to
           better reflect the positions whose credit risk has increased significantly.
     (3) Instruments which are 30 days past due are generally considered to have experienced a significant increase in credit
           risk, even if our other metrics do not indicate that a significant increase in credit risk has occurred.

The thresholds for movement between Stage 1 and Stage 2 are symmetrical. After a financial asset has transferred to Stage 2, if
its credit risk is no longer considered to have significantly increased relative to its initial recognition, the financial asset will
move back to Stage 1.
     For certain instruments with low credit risk as at the reporting date, it is presumed that credit risk has not increased
significantly relative to initial recognition. Credit risk is considered to be low if the instrument has a low risk of default, and the
borrower has the ability to fulfill their contractual obligations both in the near term and in the longer term, including periods of
adverse changes in the economic or business environment. Certain interest-bearing deposits with banks, assets purchased under
reverse repurchase agreements, insurance policy loans, and liquidity facilities extended to our multi-seller conduits have been
identified as having low credit risk.

Use of forward-looking information
The measurement of expected credit losses for each stage and the assessment of significant increase in credit risk considers
information about past events and current conditions as well as reasonable and supportable projections of future events and
economic conditions. The estimation and application of forward-looking information requires significant judgment.
     The PD, LGD and EAD inputs used to estimate Stage 1 and Stage 2 credit loss allowances are modelled based on the
macroeconomic variables (or changes in macroeconomic variables) that are most closely correlated with credit losses in the
relevant portfolio. Each macroeconomic scenario used in our expected credit loss calculation includes a projection of all
relevant macroeconomic variables used in our models for a five year period, subsequently reverting to long-run averages.
Macroeconomic variables used in our expected credit loss models include, but are not limited to, unemployment rates, gross
domestic product growth rates, equity return indices, commodity prices, and Canadian housing prices. Depending on their usage
in the models, macroeconomic variables may be projected at a country, province/state or more granular level.
     Our estimation of expected credit losses in Stage 1 and Stage 2 is a discounted probability-weighted estimate that considers
a minimum of three future macroeconomic scenarios. Our base case scenario is based on macroeconomic forecasts published
by our internal economics group. Upside and downside scenarios vary relative to our base case scenario based on reasonably
possible alternative macroeconomic conditions. Additional and more severe downside scenarios are designed to capture a
broader range of potential credit losses in certain sectors. Scenario design, including the identification of additional downside
scenarios, occurs at least on an annual basis and more frequently if conditions warrant.
     Scenarios are designed to capture a wide range of possible outcomes and weighted according to our best estimate of the
relative likelihood of the range of outcomes that each scenario represents. Scenario weights take into account historical
frequency, current trends, and forward-looking conditions and are updated on a quarterly basis. All scenarios considered are
applied to all portfolios subject to expected credit losses with the same probabilities.
     Our assessment of significant increases in credit risk is based on changes in probability-weighted forward-looking lifetime
PDs as at the reporting date, using the same macroeconomic scenarios as the calculation of expected credit losses.

Definition of default
The definition of default used in the measurement of expected credit losses is consistent with the definition of default used for
our internal credit risk management purposes. Our definition of default may differ across products and consider both
quantitative and qualitative factors, such as the terms of financial covenants and days past due. For retail and wholesale
borrowers, except as detailed below, default occurs when the borrower is more than 90 days past due on any material obligation
to us, and/or we consider the borrower unlikely to make their payments in full without recourse action on our part, such as taking
formal possession of any collateral held. For certain credit card balances, default occurs when payments are 180 days past due.
For these balances, the use of a period in excess of 90 days past due is reasonable and supported by observable data on write-off
and recovery rates experienced on historical credit card portfolios. The definition of default used is applied consistently from
period to period and to all financial instruments unless it can be demonstrated that circumstances have changed such that
another definition of default is more appropriate.
148    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
Credit-impaired financial assets (Stage 3)
Financial assets are assessed for credit-impairment at each balance sheet date and more frequently when circumstances
warrant further assessment. Evidence of credit-impairment may include indications that the borrower is experiencing significant
financial difficulty, probability of bankruptcy or other financial reorganization, as well as a measurable decrease in the estimated
future cash flows evidenced by the adverse changes in the payments status of the borrower or economic conditions that
correlate with defaults. An asset that is in Stage 3 will move back to Stage 2 when, as at the reporting date, it is no longer
considered to be credit-impaired. The asset will transfer back to Stage 1 when its credit risk at the reporting date is no longer
considered to have increased significantly from initial recognition, which could occur during the same reporting period as the
transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2.
     When a financial asset has been identified as credit-impaired, expected credit losses are measured as the difference
between the asset’s gross carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the instrument’s
original effective interest rate. For impaired financial assets with drawn and undrawn components, expected credit losses also
reflect any credit losses related to the portion of the loan commitment that is expected to be drawn down over the remaining life
of the instrument.
     When a financial asset is credit-impaired, interest ceases to be recognized on the regular accrual basis, which accrues
income based on the gross carrying amount of the asset. Rather, interest income is calculated by applying the original effective
interest rate to the amortized cost of the asset, which is the gross carrying amount less the related ACL.
     ACL for credit-impaired loans in Stage 3 are established at the borrower level, where losses related to impaired loans are
identified on individually significant loans, or collectively assessed and determined through the use of portfolio-based rates,
without reference to particular loans.

Individually assessed loans (Stage 3)
When individually significant loans are identified as impaired, we reduce the carrying value of the loans to their estimated
realizable value by recording an individually assessed ACL to cover identified credit losses. The individually assessed ACL
reflects the expected amount of principal and interest calculated under the terms of the original loan agreement that will not be
recovered, and the impact of time delays in collecting principal and/or interest (time value of money). The estimated realizable
value for each individually significant loan is the present value of expected future cash flows discounted using the original
effective interest rate for each loan. When the amounts and timing of future cash flows cannot be estimated with reasonable
reliability, the estimated realizable amount may be determined using observable market prices for comparable loans, the fair
value of collateral underlying the loans, and other reasonable and supported methods based on management judgment.
     Individually-assessed allowances are established in consideration of a range of possible outcomes, which may include
macroeconomic or non-macroeconomic scenarios, to the extent relevant to the circumstances of the specific borrower being
assessed. Assumptions used in estimating expected future cash flows reflect current and expected future economic conditions
and are generally consistent with those used in Stage 1 and Stage 2 measurement.
     Significant judgment is required in assessing evidence of credit-impairment and estimation of the amount and timing of
future cash flows when determining expected credit losses. Changes in the amount expected to be recovered would have a direct
impact on PCL and may result in a change in the ACL.

Collectively assessed loans (Stage 3)
Loans that are collectively assessed are grouped on the basis of similar risk characteristics, taking into account loan type,
industry, geographic location, collateral type, past due status and other relevant factors.
     The collectively-assessed ACL reflects: (i) the expected amount of principal and interest calculated under the terms of the
original loan agreement that will not be recovered, and (ii) the impact of time delays in collecting principal and/or interest (time
value of money).
     The expected principal and interest collection is estimated on a portfolio basis and references historical loss experience of
comparable portfolios with similar credit risk characteristics, adjusted for the current environment and expected future
conditions. A portfolio specific coverage ratio is applied against the impaired loan balance in determining the collectively-
assessed ACL. The time value of money component is calculated by using the discount factors applied to groups of loans sharing
common characteristics. The discount factors represent the expected recovery pattern of the comparable group of loans, and
reflect the historical experience of these groups adjusted for current and expected future economic conditions and/or industry
factors. Significant judgment is required in assessing evidence of impairment and estimation of the amount and timing of future
cash flows when determining expected credit losses. Changes in the amount expected to be recovered would have a direct
impact on PCL and may result in a change in the ACL.

Write-off of loans
Loans and the related ACL are written off, either partially or in full, when there is no realistic prospect of recovery. Where loans
are secured, they are generally written off after receipt of any proceeds from the realization of collateral. In circumstances where
the net realizable value of any collateral has been determined and there is no reasonable expectation of further recovery, write
off may be earlier. For credit cards, the balances and related ACL are generally written off when payment is 180 days past due.
Personal loans are generally written off at 150 days past due.

Modifications
The original terms of a financial asset may be renegotiated or otherwise modified, resulting in changes to the contractual terms
of the financial asset that affect the contractual cash flows. The treatment of such modifications is primarily based on the
process undertaken to execute the renegotiation and the nature and extent of the expected changes. In the normal course of
business, modifications which are performed for credit reasons, primarily related to troubled debt restructurings, are generally
treated as modifications of the original financial asset. Modifications which are performed for other than credit reasons are
generally considered to be an expiry of the original cash flows; accordingly, such renegotiations are treated as a derecognition of
the original financial asset and recognition of a new financial asset.
     If a modification of terms does not result in derecognition of the financial asset, the carrying amount of the financial asset is
recalculated as the present value of the renegotiated or modified contractual cash flows, discounted at the original effective
interest rate and a gain or loss is recognized. The financial asset continues to be subject to the same assessments for significant

                                                                 Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   149
      Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments (continued)

increase in credit risk relative to initial recognition and credit-impairment, as described above. A modified financial asset will
transfer out of Stage 3 if the conditions that led to it being identified as credit-impaired are no longer present and relate
objectively to an event occurring after the original credit-impairment was recognized. A modified financial asset will transfer out
of Stage 2 when it no longer satisfies the relative thresholds set to identify significant increases in credit risk, which are based on
changes in its lifetime PD, days past due and other qualitative considerations. The financial asset continues to be monitored for
significant increases in credit risk and credit-impairment.
     If a modification of terms results in derecognition of the original financial asset and recognition of the new financial asset,
the new financial asset will generally be recorded in Stage 1, unless it is determined to be credit-impaired at the time of the
renegotiation. For the purposes of assessing for significant increases in credit risk, the date of initial recognition for the new
financial asset is the date of the modification.

Derivatives
When derivatives are embedded in other financial instruments or host contracts, such combinations are known as hybrid
instruments. Some of the cash flows of a hybrid instrument vary in a way similar to a stand-alone derivative. If the host contract
is a financial asset within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (IFRS 9), the classification and measurement criteria are
applied to the entire hybrid instrument as described in the Classification of financial assets section of Note 2. If the host contract
is a financial liability or an asset that is not within the scope of IFRS 9, embedded derivatives are separately recognized if the
economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, unless an
election has been made to elect the fair value option, as described above. The host contract is accounted for in accordance with
the relevant standards.
      Derivatives are primarily used in trading activities. Derivatives are also used to manage our exposure to interest, currency,
credit and other market risks. The most frequently used derivative products are interest rate and foreign exchange swaps,
options, futures and forward rate agreements, equity swaps and credit derivatives. All derivative instruments are recorded on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value.
      When derivatives are used in trading activities, the realized and unrealized gains and losses on these derivatives are
recognized in Trading revenue in Non-interest income. Derivatives with positive fair values are reported as Derivative assets and
derivatives with negative fair values are reported as Derivative liabilities. In accordance with our policy for offsetting financial
assets and financial liabilities, the net fair value of certain derivative assets and liabilities are reported as an asset or liability, as
appropriate. Valuation adjustments are included in the fair value of Derivative assets and Derivative liabilities. Premiums paid
and premiums received are shown in Derivative assets and Derivative liabilities, respectively.
      When derivatives are used to manage our own exposures, we determine for each derivative whether hedge accounting can
be applied, as discussed in the Hedge accounting section below.

Derecognition of financial assets
Financial assets are derecognized from our Consolidated Balance Sheets when our contractual rights to the cash flows from the
assets have expired, when we retain the rights to receive the cash flows of the assets but assume an obligation to pay those cash
flows to a third party subject to certain pass-through requirements or when we transfer our contractual rights to receive the cash
flows and substantially all of the risk and rewards of the assets have been transferred. When we retain substantially all of the
risks and rewards of the transferred assets, the transferred assets are not derecognized from our Consolidated Balance Sheets
and are accounted for as secured financing transactions. When we neither retain nor transfer substantially all risks and rewards
of ownership of the assets, we derecognize the assets if control over the assets is relinquished. If we retain control over the
transferred assets, we continue to recognize the transferred assets to the extent of our continuing involvement.
     Management judgment is applied in determining whether the contractual rights to the cash flows from the transferred assets
have expired or whether we retain the rights to receive cash flows on the assets but assume an obligation to pay for those cash
flows. We derecognize transferred financial assets if we transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of the ownership in the
assets. When assessing whether we have transferred substantially all of the risk and rewards of the transferred assets,
management considers the Bank’s exposure before and after the transfer with the variability in the amount and timing of the net
cash flows of the transferred assets. In transfers in which we retain the servicing rights, management has applied judgment in
assessing the benefits of servicing against market expectations. When the benefits of servicing are greater than fair value, a
servicing asset is recognized in Other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. When the benefits of servicing are less than fair
value, a servicing liability is recognized in Other liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Derecognition of financial liabilities
We derecognize a financial liability from our Consolidated Balance Sheets when our obligation specified in the contract expires,
or is discharged or cancelled. We recognize the difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability transferred and the
consideration paid in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Interest
Interest is recognized in Interest income and Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income for all interest-bearing
financial instruments. The effective interest rate is the rate that discounts estimated future cash flows over the expected life of
the financial asset or liability to the net carrying amount upon initial recognition. Significant judgment is applied in determining
the effective interest rate due to uncertainty in the timing and amounts of future cash flows.

Dividend income
Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established. This is the ex-dividend date for listed equity
securities, and usually the date when shareholders have approved the dividend for unlisted equity securities.

Transaction costs
Transaction costs are expensed as incurred for financial instruments classified or designated as FVTPL. For other financial
instruments, transaction costs are capitalized on initial recognition. For financial assets and financial liabilities measured at
150       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
amortized cost, capitalized transaction costs are amortized through net income over the estimated life of the instrument using
the effective interest method. For financial assets measured at FVOCI that do not have fixed or determinable payments and no
fixed maturity, capitalized transaction costs are recognized in net income when the asset is derecognized or becomes impaired.

Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets when there exists both a legally
enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and an intention to settle on a net basis, or realize the asset and settle the
liability simultaneously.

Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and sold under repurchase agreements
We purchase securities under agreements to resell (reverse repurchase agreements) and take possession of these securities. We
monitor the market value of the securities purchased and additional collateral is obtained when appropriate. We have the right
to liquidate the collateral held in the event of counterparty default. Reverse repurchase agreements are treated as collateralized
lending transactions. We also sell securities under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), which are treated as
collateralized borrowing transactions. The securities received under reverse repurchase agreements and securities delivered
under repurchase agreements are not recognized on, or derecognized from, our Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively,
unless the risks and rewards of ownership are obtained or relinquished.
      Reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements are carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at the
amounts at which the securities were initially acquired or sold, except when they are classified or designated as FVTPL and are
recorded at fair value. Interest earned on reverse repurchase agreements is included in Interest income, and interest incurred on
repurchase agreements is included in Interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Changes in fair value for
reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements classified or designated as FVTPL are included in Trading revenue or
Other in Non-interest income.

Hedge accounting
We have elected to continue to apply the hedge accounting principles under IAS 39 instead of those under IFRS 9.
     We use derivatives and non-derivatives in our hedging strategies to manage our exposure to interest rate, currency, credit
and other market risks. Where hedge accounting can be applied, a hedge relationship is designated and documented at inception
to detail the particular risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. The documentation
identifies the specific asset, liability or anticipated cash flows being hedged, the risk that is being hedged, the type of hedging
instrument used and how effectiveness will be assessed. We assess, both at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis,
whether the hedging instruments are ‘highly effective’ in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged items. A
hedge is regarded as highly effective only if the following criteria are met: (i) at inception of the hedge and throughout its life, the
hedge is expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk,
and (ii) actual results of the hedge are within a pre-determined range. We perform effectiveness testing to demonstrate that the
relationship has been and is expected to be effective over the remaining term of the hedge. In the case of hedging a forecast
transaction, the transaction must have a high probability of occurring and must present an exposure to variations in cash flows
that could ultimately affect the reported net profit or loss. Hedge accounting is discontinued when it is determined that the
hedging instrument is no longer effective as a hedge, the hedging instrument or hedged item is terminated or sold, or the forecast
transaction is no longer deemed highly probable. Refer to Note 9 for the fair value of derivatives and non-derivative instruments
categorized by their hedging relationships, as well as derivatives that are not designated in hedging relationships.
     Until the hedging relationships impacted by the Interest rate benchmark reform (the Reform) fully transition to alternative
benchmark rates (ABRs), our prospective effectiveness testing is based on existing hedged cash flows or hedged risks and any
ineffectiveness arising from retrospective testing does not result in a discontinuation of the hedge. Additionally, effectiveness
testing is applied separately to hedged items referencing ABRs and hedged items referencing interbank offered rates (IBORs),
which include USD London Interbank Offered Rate (USD LIBOR) and Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (CDOR), in accordance with
the Phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement, IFRS 7
Financial Instruments: Disclosures, IFRS 4 Insurance contracts, and IFRS 16 Leases (the Amendments). Subsequently, when these
relationships fully transition to ABRs, and provided qualifying criteria are met, we will amend the related hedge documentation
for the ABR risk, including consequential changes to the description of the hedging instrument(s), the hedged item(s), and the
method for assessing hedge effectiveness, without discontinuing the existing hedging relationships.

Fair value hedges
In a fair value hedging relationship, the carrying value of the hedged item is adjusted for changes in fair value attributable to the
hedged risk and recognized in Non-interest income. Changes in fair value of the hedged item, to the extent that the hedging
relationship is effective, are offset by changes in the fair value of the hedging derivative, which are also recognized in
Non-interest income. When hedge accounting is discontinued, the carrying value of the hedged item is no longer adjusted and the
cumulative fair value adjustments to the carrying value of the hedged items are amortized to Net income over the expected
remaining life of the hedged items.
     We predominantly use interest rate swaps to hedge our exposure to changes in a fixed interest rate instrument’s fair value
caused by changes in interest rates. Until the hedging relationships impacted by the Reform fully transition to ABRs, we apply
hedge accounting to IBOR rates which may not be contractually specified when that rate is separately identifiable and reliably
measurable at inception of the hedge relationship.

Cash flow hedges
In a cash flow hedging relationship, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the hedging derivative, net of taxes, is
recognized in OCI and reclassified to profit or loss as the associated hedged forecast transaction occurs, while the ineffective
portion is recognized in Non-interest income. When hedge accounting is discontinued, the cumulative amounts previously
recognized in OCI are reclassified to Net interest income during the periods when the variability in the cash flows of the hedged
item affects Net interest income. Unrealized gains and losses on derivatives are reclassified immediately to Net income when the
hedged item is sold or terminated early, or when the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur.


                                                                   Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   151
      Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments (continued)

     We predominantly use interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in cash flows related to a variable-rate asset or liability.
Until the hedging relationships impacted by the Reform fully transition to ABRs, we treat the highly probable hedged IBORs based
cash flows of groups of similar assets or liabilities with similar risk characteristics as unchanged as a result of the Reform. In
addition, associated cash flow hedge reserves are not recycled into net income solely due to changes related to the transition
from IBORs to ABRs. Subsequently, when some items in the group transition to ABRs before other items, the individual hedged
items are allocated to subgroups based on the benchmark interest rate being hedged. We test hedge effectiveness based on the
defined subgroups, in accordance with the Amendments, if eligibility requirements are met. If a subgroup fails the eligibility
requirements, we would discontinue hedge accounting prospectively for the hedging relationship in its entirety.

Net investment hedges
In hedging our foreign currency exposure to a net investment in a foreign operation, the effective portion of foreign exchange
gains and losses on the hedging instruments, net of applicable taxes, is recognized in OCI and the ineffective portion is
recognized in Non-interest income. The amounts, or a portion thereof, previously recognized in Other components of equity are
recognized in Net income on the disposal, or partial disposal, of the foreign operation.
     We use foreign exchange contracts and foreign currency-denominated liabilities to manage our foreign currency exposures
to net investments in foreign operations having a functional currency other than the Canadian dollar.

Guarantees
Financial guarantee contracts are contracts that contingently require us to make specified payments (in cash, other assets, our
own shares or provision of services) to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment
when due in accordance with the original or modified terms of a debt instrument. Liabilities are recognized on our Consolidated
Balance Sheets at the inception of a guarantee for the fair value of the obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. Financial
guarantees are subsequently remeasured at the higher of (i) the amount of expected credit losses and (ii) the amount initially
recognized less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognized.
    If the financial guarantee contract meets the definition of a derivative, it is measured at fair value at each balance sheet
date and reported under Derivatives on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Insurance and segregated funds
Premiums from long-duration contracts, primarily life, health and annuity insurance (life insurance), are recognized when due in
Non-interest income – Insurance premiums, investment and fee income. Premiums from short-duration contracts, primarily
property and casualty, and fees for administrative services are recognized in Insurance premiums, investment and fee income
over the related contract period. Unearned premiums of the short-duration contracts, representing the unexpired portion of
premiums, are reported in Other liabilities. Investments made by our insurance operations are classified as FVOCI instruments
and amortized cost instruments, except for investments supporting the policy benefit liabilities on life insurance contracts and a
portion of property and casualty contracts. These are designated as FVTPL with changes in fair value reported in Insurance
premiums, investment and fee income.
     Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities represent current claims and estimates for future insurance policy benefits.
Liabilities for life insurance contracts are determined using the Canadian Asset Liability Method (CALM), which incorporates
assumptions for mortality, morbidity, policy lapses and surrenders, investment yields, policy dividends, operating and policy
maintenance expenses and provisions for adverse deviation. These assumptions are reviewed at least annually and updated in
response to actual experience and market conditions. Liabilities for property and casualty insurance represent estimated
provisions for reported and unreported claims. Liabilities for life and property and casualty insurance are included in Insurance
claims and policy benefit liabilities. Changes in Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities are included in the Insurance
policyholder benefits, claims and acquisition expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income in the period in which the
estimates change.
     Premiums ceded for reinsurance and reinsurance recoveries on policyholder benefits and claims incurred are reported in
income and expense as appropriate. Reinsurance recoverables, which relate to paid benefits and unpaid claims, are included in
Other assets.
     Acquisition costs for new insurance contracts consist of commissions, premium taxes, certain underwriting costs and other
costs that vary with the acquisition of new contracts. Deferred acquisition costs for life insurance products are implicitly
recognized in Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities by CALM. For property and casualty insurance, these costs are
classified as Other assets and amortized over the policy term.
     Segregated funds are lines of business in which we issue an insurance contract where the benefit amount is directly linked to
the market value of the investments held in the underlying fund. The contractual arrangement is such that the underlying
segregated fund assets are registered in our name but the segregated fund policyholders bear the risks and rewards of the funds’
investment performance. Liabilities for these contracts are calculated based on contractual obligations using actuarial
assumptions and are at least equivalent to the surrender or transfer value calculated by reference to the value of the relevant
underlying funds or indices. Segregated funds’ assets and liabilities are separately presented on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets. As the segregated fund policyholders bear the risks and rewards of the funds’ performance, investment income earned by
the segregated funds and expenses incurred by the segregated funds are offset and are not separately presented in our
Consolidated Statements of Income. Fee income we earn from segregated funds includes management fees, mortality, policy
administration and surrender charges, and these fees are recorded in Non-interest income – Insurance premiums, investment
and fee income. We provide minimum death benefit and maturity value guarantees on segregated funds. The liability associated
with these minimum guarantees is recorded in Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities.
     Liability adequacy tests are performed for all insurance contract portfolios at each balance sheet date to ensure the
adequacy of insurance contract liabilities. Current best estimates of future contractual cash flows, claims handling and
administration costs, and investment returns from the assets backing the liabilities are taken into account in the tests. When the
test results indicate that there is a deficiency in liabilities, the deficiency is charged immediately to our Consolidated Statements
of Income by writing down the deferred acquisition costs in Other assets and/or increasing Insurance claims and policy benefit
liabilities.
152       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
Employee benefits – Pensions and other post-employment benefits
Our defined benefit pension expense, which is included in Non-interest expense – Human resources, consists of the cost of
employee pension benefits for the current year’s service, net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset), past service cost
and gains or losses on settlement. Remeasurements of the net defined benefit obligation, which comprise actuarial gains and
losses and return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability), are recognized
immediately in OCI in the period in which they occur. Actuarial gains and losses comprise experience adjustments (the effects of
differences between the previous actuarial assumptions and what has actually occurred), as well as the effects of changes in
actuarial assumptions. Amounts recognized in OCI will not be reclassified subsequently to net income. Past service cost is the
change in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from a plan amendment or curtailment and is charged
immediately to income.
     For each defined benefit pension plan, we recognize the present value of our defined benefit obligations less the fair value of
the plan assets as a defined benefit liability reported in Other liabilities – Employee benefit liabilities on our Consolidated
Balance Sheets. For plans where there is a net defined benefit asset, the amount is reported as an asset in Other assets –
Employee benefit assets on our Consolidated Balance sheets.
     The calculation of defined benefit expenses and obligations requires significant judgment as the recognition is dependent on
discount rates and various actuarial assumptions such as healthcare cost trend rates, projected salary increases, retirement age
and mortality and termination rates. Due to the long-term nature of these plans, such estimates and assumptions are subject to
inherent risks and uncertainties. For our pension and other post-employment benefit plans, the discount rate is determined by
reference to market yields on high quality corporate bonds. Since the discount rate is based on currently available yields, and
involves management’s assessment of market liquidity, it is only a proxy for future yields. Actuarial assumptions, set in
accordance with current practices in the respective countries of our plans, may differ from actual experience as country specific
statistics are only estimates of future employee behaviour. These assumptions are determined by management and are reviewed
by actuaries at least annually. Changes to any of the above assumptions may affect the amounts of benefits obligations,
expenses and remeasurements that we recognize.
     Our contributions to defined contribution pension plans are expensed when employees have rendered services in exchange
for such contributions. Defined contribution pension expense is included in Non-interest expense – Human resources.

Share-based compensation
We offer share-based compensation plans to certain key employees and to our non-employee directors.
      To account for stock options granted to employees, compensation expense is recognized over the applicable vesting period
with a corresponding increase in equity. Fair value is determined by using option valuation models, which take into account the
exercise price of the option, the current share price, the risk free interest rate, the expected volatility of the share price over the
life of the option and other relevant factors. When the options are exercised, the exercise price proceeds together with the
amount initially recorded in equity are credited to common shares. Our other share-based compensation plans include
performance deferred share plans and deferred share unit plans for key employees (the Plans). The obligations for the Plans are
accrued over their vesting periods. The Plans are settled in cash.
      For cash-settled awards, our accrued obligations are adjusted to their fair value at each balance sheet date. For share-
settled awards, our expected obligations recognized in equity are based on the fair value of our common shares at the date of
grant. Changes in our obligations, net of related hedges, are recorded as Non-interest expense – Human resources in our
Consolidated Statements of Income with a corresponding increase in Other liabilities for cash-settled awards and in Retained
earnings for share-settled awards. Compensation expense is recognized in the year the awards are earned by plan participants
based on the vesting schedule of the relevant plans, net of estimated forfeitures.
      The compensation cost attributable to options and awards granted to employees who are eligible to retire or will become
eligible to retire during the vesting period, is recognized immediately if the employee is eligible to retire on the grant date or over
the period between the grant date and the date the employee becomes eligible to retire.
      Our contributions to the employee savings and share ownership plans are expensed as incurred.

Income taxes
Income tax comprises current tax and deferred tax and is recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Income except to the
extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity, in which case it is recognized in equity.
     Current income tax payable on profits is recognized as an expense based on the applicable tax laws in each jurisdiction in
the period in which profits arise, calculated using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Deferred
tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for accounting and tax
purposes. A deferred income tax asset or liability is determined for each temporary difference, except for earnings related to our
subsidiaries, branches, associates and interests in joint ventures where the temporary differences will not reverse in the
foreseeable future and we have the ability to control the timing of reversal. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
based on the tax rates that are expected to be in effect in the period that the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on
tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Current tax assets and
liabilities are offset when they are levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable
entities within the same tax reporting group (which intends to settle on a net basis), and when there is a legal right to offset.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when the same conditions are satisfied. Our Consolidated Statements of Income
include items that are non-taxable or non-deductible for income tax purposes and, accordingly, this causes the income tax
provision to be different from what it would be if based on statutory rates.
     Deferred income taxes accumulated as a result of temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards are included in Other
assets and Other liabilities. On a quarterly basis, we review our deferred income tax assets to determine whether it is probable
that the benefits associated with these assets will be realized; this review involves evaluating both positive and negative
evidence.
     We are subject to income tax laws in various jurisdictions where we operate, and the complex tax laws are potentially
subject to different interpretations by us and the relevant taxation authorities. Significant judgment is required in the
interpretation of the relevant tax laws and in assessing the probability of acceptance of our tax positions to determine our tax
provision, which includes our best estimate of uncertain tax positions that are under audit or appeal by the relevant tax
authorities. We perform a review on a quarterly basis to incorporate our best assessment based on information available, but

                                                                  Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   153
  Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments (continued)

additional liability and income tax expense could result based on the acceptance of our tax positions by the relevant tax
authorities.
     The determination of our deferred tax asset or liability also requires significant management judgment as the recognition is
dependent on our projection of future taxable profits and tax rates that are expected to be in effect in the period the asset is
realized or the liability is settled. Any changes in our projection will result in changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets, and also deferred tax expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Business combinations, goodwill and other intangibles
All business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. Non-controlling interests, if any, are recognized at
their proportionate share of the fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities, unless otherwise indicated. Identifiable intangible
assets are recognized separately from goodwill and included in Other intangibles. Goodwill represents the excess of the price
paid for the business acquired over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired on the date of acquisition.

Goodwill
Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing, which is
undertaken at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Impairment testing is
performed annually as at August 1, or more frequently if there are objective indicators of impairment, by comparing the
recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit (CGU) with its carrying amount. The recoverable amount of a CGU is the higher of
its value in use (VIU) and its fair value less costs of disposal (FVLCD). VIU is the present value of the expected future cash flows
from a CGU. FVLCD is the amount obtainable from the sale of a CGU in an orderly transaction between market participants, less
disposal costs. The fair value of a CGU is estimated using valuation techniques such as a discounted cash flow method, adjusted
to reflect the considerations of a prospective third-party buyer. External evidence such as binding sale agreements or recent
transactions for similar businesses within the same industry is considered to the extent that it is available.
     Significant judgment is involved in estimating the model inputs used to determine the recoverable amount of our CGUs, in
particular future cash flows, discount rates and terminal growth rates, due to the uncertainty in the timing and amount of cash
flows and the forward-looking nature of these inputs. Future cash flows are based on financial plans agreed by management
which are estimated based on forecast results, business initiatives, planned capital investments and returns to shareholders.
Discount rates are based on the bank-wide cost of capital, adjusted for CGU-specific risks and currency exposure as reflected by
differences in expected inflation. Bank-wide cost of capital is based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model, the Dividend Growth
Model and peer analysis. CGU-specific risks include country risk, business/operational risk, geographic risk (including political
risk, devaluation risk, and government regulation), currency risk, and price risk (including product pricing risk and inflation).
Terminal growth rates are based on the long-term steady state growth expectations in the countries within which the CGU
operates. If the future cash flows and other assumptions in future periods deviate significantly from the current amounts used in
our impairment testing, the value of our goodwill could become impaired, with any such impairment loss recognized in
Non-interest expense.
     The carrying amount of a CGU includes the carrying amount of assets, liabilities and goodwill allocated to the CGU. If the
recoverable amount is less than the carrying value, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
goodwill allocated to the CGU and then to the other non-financial assets of the CGU proportionately based on the carrying
amount of each asset. Any impairment loss is charged to income in the period in which the impairment is identified. Goodwill is
stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Subsequent reversals of goodwill impairment are prohibited.
     Upon disposal of a portion of a CGU, the carrying amount of goodwill related to the portion of the CGU sold is included in the
determination of gains or losses on disposal. The carrying amount is determined based on the relative fair value of the disposed
portion to the total CGU.

Other intangibles
Intangible assets represent identifiable non-monetary assets and are acquired either separately or through a business
combination, or generated internally. Intangible assets acquired through a business combination are recognized separately from
goodwill when they are separable or arise from contractual or other legal rights, and their fair value can be measured reliably.
The cost of a separately acquired intangible asset includes its purchase price and directly attributable costs of preparing the
asset for its intended use. In respect of internally generated intangible assets, cost includes all directly attributable costs
necessary to create, produce, and prepare the asset to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.
Research and development costs that are not eligible for capitalization are expensed. After initial recognition, an intangible asset
is carried at its cost less any accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Intangible assets with a
finite-life are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows: computer software – 3 to 10 years;
and customer list and relationships – 10 to 20 years. We do not have any intangible assets with indefinite lives.
      Intangible assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at each reporting period. If there is an indication that an
intangible asset may be impaired, an impairment test is performed by comparing the carrying amount of the intangible asset to
its recoverable amount. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, we estimate the
recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs. If the recoverable amount of the asset (or CGU) is less than its
carrying amount, the carrying amount of the intangible asset is written down to its recoverable amount as an impairment loss.
      An impairment loss recognized previously is reversed if there is a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable
amount of the asset (or CGU) since the last impairment loss was recognized. If an impairment loss is subsequently reversed, the
carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is revised to the lower of its recoverable amount and the carrying amount that would have
been determined (net of amortization) had there been no prior impairment.
      Due to the subjective nature of these estimates, significant judgment is required in determining the useful lives and
recoverable amounts of our intangible assets, and assessing whether certain events or circumstances constitute objective
evidence of impairment. Estimates of the recoverable amounts of our intangible assets rely on certain key inputs, including
future cash flows and discount rates. Future cash flows are based on sales projections and allocated costs which are estimated
based on forecast results and business initiatives. Discount rates are based on the bank-wide cost of capital, adjusted for asset-
specific risks. Changes in these assumptions may impact the amount of impairment loss recognized in Non-interest expense.
154    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
Other
Translation of foreign currencies
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into Canadian dollars at rates prevailing at the
balance sheet date. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the translation and settlement of these items are
recognized in Non-interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
     Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at historical cost are translated into Canadian dollars at historical
rates.
     Assets and liabilities of our foreign operations with functional currencies other than Canadian dollars are translated into
Canadian dollars at rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, and income and expenses of these foreign operations are
translated at average rates of exchange for the reporting period.
     Unrealized gains or losses arising as a result of the translation of our foreign operations along with the effective portion of
related hedges are reported in Other components of equity on an after-tax basis. Upon disposal or partial disposal of a foreign
operation, an appropriate portion of the accumulated net translation gains or losses is included in Non-interest income.

Premises and equipment
Premises and equipment includes land, buildings, leasehold improvements, computer equipment, furniture, fixtures and other
equipment, and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, except for land which is not depreciated, and accumulated
impairment losses. Cost comprises the purchase price, any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and
condition necessary for its intended use, and the initial estimate of any disposal costs. Depreciation is recorded principally on a
straight–line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which are 25 to 50 years for buildings, 3 to 10 years for computer
equipment, and 5 to 10 years for furniture, fixtures and other equipment. The amortization period for leasehold improvements is
the lesser of the useful life of the leasehold improvements or the lease term plus the first renewal period, if reasonably assured
of renewal. Depreciation methods, useful lives, and residual values are reassessed at each reporting period and adjusted as
appropriate. Gains and losses on disposal are recorded in Non–interest income.
     Premises and equipment are assessed for indicators of impairment at each reporting period. If there is an indication that an
asset may be impaired, an impairment test is performed by comparing the asset’s carrying amount to its recoverable amount.
     After the recognition of impairment, the depreciation charge is adjusted in future periods to reflect the asset’s revised
carrying amount. If an impairment is later reversed, the carrying amount of the asset is revised to the lower of the asset’s
recoverable amount and the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of depreciation) had there been no prior
impairment loss. The depreciation charge in future periods is adjusted to reflect the revised carrying amount.
     Right-of-use assets are also included in premises and equipment.

Leasing
At inception of a contract, we assess whether a contract is or contains a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract
conveys the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from, and direct the use of, an identified asset for a period
of time in return for consideration.
     When we are the lessee in a lease arrangement, we initially record a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability,
except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.
Low-value assets are unspecialized, common, technologically unsophisticated, widely available, and widely used
non-infrastructure assets. For short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, we record the lease payments as an operating
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
     Where we are reasonably certain to exercise extension and termination options, they are included in the lease term.
     The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
date, discounted at our incremental borrowing rate. The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the
effective interest method, recorded in Interest expense.
     The right-of-use asset is initially measured based on the initial amount of the lease liability, adjusted for lease payments
made on or before the commencement date, initial direct costs incurred, and an estimate of costs to dismantle, remove, or
restore the asset, less any lease incentives received. Costs related to dismantling and removing leasehold improvements are
capitalized as part of the leasehold improvement asset (rather than the right-of-use asset of the lease) when the leasehold
improvements are separately capitalized.
     The right-of-use asset is depreciated to the earlier of the lease term and the useful life, unless ownership will transfer to RBC
or we are reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, in which case the useful life of the right-of-use asset is used. We
apply IAS 36 Impairment of assets to determine whether a right-of-use asset is impaired and account for any identified
impairment loss as described in the premises and equipment accounting policies above.

Provisions
Provisions are liabilities of uncertain timing or amount and are recognized when we have a present legal or constructive
obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and a
reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are measured as the best estimate of the consideration
required to settle the present obligation at the reporting date. Significant judgment is required in determining whether a present
obligation exists and in estimating the probability, timing and amount of any outflows. We record provisions related to litigation,
asset retirement obligations and other items.
     We are required to estimate the results of ongoing legal proceedings, and expenses to be incurred to dispose of capital
assets. The forward-looking nature of these estimates requires us to use a significant amount of judgment in projecting the
timing and amount of future cash flows. We record our provisions on the basis of all available information at the end of the
reporting period and make adjustments on a quarterly basis to reflect current expectations. It may not be possible to predict the
resolution of these matters or the timing of their ultimate resolution. Should actual results differ from our expectations, we may
incur expenses in excess of the provisions recognized. Where appropriate, we apply judgment in limiting the extent of our
provisions-related disclosures as not to prejudice our positions in matters of dispute.
     When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party,
such as an insurer, a separate asset is recognized if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received.


                                                                  Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   155
      Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments (continued)

Commissions and fees
Commissions and fees primarily relate to Investment management and custodial fees, Mutual fund revenue, Securities brokerage
commissions, Services charges, Underwriting and other advisory fees, Card service revenue and Credit fees, and are recognized
based on the applicable service contracts with clients.
     Investment management and custodial fees and Mutual fund revenue are generally calculated as a percentage of daily or
period-end net asset values (NAV) based on the terms of the contract with clients and are received monthly, quarterly,
semiannually or annually, depending on the terms of the contract. Investment management and custodial fees are generally
derived from assets under management (AUM) when our clients solicit the investment capabilities of an investment manager or
from assets under administration (AUA) where the investment strategy is directed by the client or a designated third-party
manager. Mutual fund revenue is generally derived from the daily NAV of the mutual funds. Investment management and
custodial fees and Mutual fund revenue are recognized over time when the service is provided to the client, provided that it is
highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of revenue recognized will not occur.
     Commissions earned on Securities brokerage services and Service charges that are related to the provision of specific
transaction-type services are recognized when the service is fulfilled. Where services are provided over time, revenue is
recognized as the services are provided.
     Underwriting and other advisory fees primarily relate to underwriting of new issuances of debt or equity and various
advisory services. Underwriting fees are generally expressed as a percentage of the funds raised through issuance and are
recognized when the service has been completed. Advisory fees vary depending on the scope and type of engagement and can be
fixed in nature or contingent on a future event. Advisory fees are recognized over the period in which the service is provided and
are recognized only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of revenue will not occur.
     Card service revenue primarily includes interchange revenue and annual card fees. Interchange revenue is calculated as a
fixed percentage of the transaction amount and recognized when the card transaction is settled. Annual card fees are fixed fees
and are recognized over a 12 month period.
     Credit fees are primarily earned for arranging syndicated loans and making credit available on undrawn facilities. The timing
of the recognition of credit fees varies based on the nature of the services provided.
     When service fees and other costs are incurred in relation to commissions and fees earned, we record these costs on a gross
basis in either Non-interest expense – Other or Non-interest expense – Human resources based on our assessment of whether we
have primary responsibility to fulfill the contract with the client and have discretion in establishing the price for the commissions
and fees earned, which may require judgment.

Earnings per share
Earnings per share is computed by dividing Net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding for the period. Net income available to common shareholders is determined after deducting
dividend entitlements of preferred shareholders and distributions on other equity instruments, any gains (losses) on redemption
of preferred shares and other equity instruments net of related income taxes and the net income attributable to non-controlling
interests.
     Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if additional common shares are assumed to be
issued under securities or contracts that entitle their holders to obtain common shares in the future, to the extent such
entitlement is not subject to unresolved contingencies. For contracts that may be settled in cash or in common shares at our
option, diluted earnings per share is calculated based on the assumption that such contracts will be settled in shares. Income
and expenses associated with these types of contracts are excluded from the Net income available to common shareholders, and
the additional number of shares that would be issued is included in the diluted earnings per share calculation. For stock options
whose exercise price is less than the average market price of our common shares, using the treasury stock method, they are
assumed to be exercised and the proceeds are used to repurchase common shares at the average market price for the period.
The incremental number of common shares issued under stock options and repurchased from proceeds is included in the
calculation of diluted earnings per share.

Share capital and other equity instruments
We classify a financial instrument that we issue as a financial asset, financial liability or an equity instrument in accordance with
the substance of the contractual arrangement.
     Our common shares held by us are classified as treasury shares in equity and accounted for at weighted average cost. Upon
the sale of treasury shares, the difference between the sale proceeds and the cost of the shares is recognized in Retained
earnings. Financial instruments issued by us are classified as equity instruments when there is no contractual obligation to
transfer cash or other financial assets. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of equity instruments are included in
equity as a deduction from the proceeds, net of tax. Financial instruments that will be settled by a variable number of our
common shares upon their conversion by the holders as well as the related accrued distributions are classified as liabilities on
our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Dividends and yield distributions on these instruments are classified as Interest expense in our
Consolidated Statements of Income. For compound instruments comprised of both liability and equity components, the liability
component is initially measured at fair value with any residual amount assigned to the equity component.

Future changes in accounting policy and disclosure
The following standard has been issued, but is not yet effective for us.

IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17)
In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 to establish a comprehensive insurance standard which provides guidance on the
recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of insurance contracts. IFRS 17 requires entities to measure insurance
contract liabilities at their current fulfillment values using one of three approaches depending on the nature of the contract. In
June 2020, the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 17, including deferral of the effective date by two years. This new standard will be
effective for us on November 1, 2023 and will be applied retrospectively with restatement of comparatives. If full retrospective

156       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
application to a group of contracts is impracticable, the modified retrospective or fair value approach may be used. To manage
the transition to IFRS 17, we established a comprehensive program and governance structure led by Finance and the Insurance
business that focuses on the evaluation of the impacts of the standard and implementation of policies, systems and processes
required for the adoption. Significant progress has been made in preparing for the implementation of IFRS 17. We expect the
adoption of IFRS 17 to affect the timing of earnings recognition for our insurance contracts and the carrying amount of our
insurance contract liabilities. We continue to assess the impacts of adopting IFRS 17 on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Updates related to interest rate benchmark reform
On May 16, 2022, Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited (RBSL), the administrator of CDOR, announced that the calculation
and publication of all tenors of CDOR will permanently cease immediately following a final publication on June 28, 2024. The
cessation announcement triggered fallback provisions related to our CDOR-linked products, including certain loans, bonds, and
derivatives, and defined the dates of their transition to ABRs. The fixed spreads to be used in the transition to the relevant ABR
for each CDOR setting were also defined for certain of our CDOR-linked products as a result of the announcement.

Progress in and risks arising from the transition to ABRs
To manage our transition to ABRs, we have implemented a comprehensive enterprise-wide program and governance structure
that addresses the key areas of impact including contract remediation, funding and liquidity planning, risk management,
financial reporting and valuation, systems, processes and client education and communication. Transition activities are focused
on two broad streams of work: (i) developing new ABR linked products, and (ii) conversion of existing USD LIBOR and CDOR
based contracts to ABRs. Our program timelines are ultimately dependent on broader market acceptance of products that
reference the new ABRs and our clients’ readiness and ability to adopt the replacement products. Significant matters that we
continue to evaluate include client product offerings, short and long-term funding strategies, and our hedging programs. We
continue to work towards the recommended target dates for the cessation of USD LIBOR and CDOR based products provided by
our regulators and are on track with our transition activities to move to ABRs.

The following tables show the Bank’s significant exposures to financial instruments referencing benchmark interest rates subject
to the Reform that have yet to transition to ABRs. These include financial instruments referencing USD LIBOR maturing after
June 30, 2023 and CDOR maturing after June 28, 2024. In the normal course of business, our derivative notional amounts may
fluctuate with minimal impact to our IBOR conversion plans.

                                                                                                        As at
                                                            October 31, 2022                                                        October 31, 2021
                                        Non-derivative            Non-derivative              Derivative        Non-derivative            Non-derivative             Derivative
(Millions of Canadian dollars)      financial assets (1)   financial liabilities (2)         notional (3)   financial assets (1)   financial liabilities (2)    notional (3), (4)
      USD LIBOR                     $         57,494       $              1,468        $ 5,550,175          $          68,325      $               1,420        $ 4,901,854
      CDOR (5)                                18,493                     18,572          2,004,444                      9,226                     14,797          1,307,071
                                    $         75,987       $             20,040        $ 7,554,619          $          77,551      $              16,217        $ 6,208,925
Cross currency swaps
  USD LIBOR – CDOR                                 n.a.                       n.a.     $      222,256                      n.a.                       n.a.      $    206,953
                                                   n.a.                       n.a.     $      222,256                      n.a.                       n.a.      $    206,953
                                    $         75,987       $             20,040        $ 7,776,875          $          77,551      $              16,217        $ 6,415,878
(1)    Non-derivative assets represent the drawn outstanding balance of Loans and Customers’ liability under acceptances and the fair value of Securities.
(2)    Non-derivative liabilities represent Subordinated debentures, Deposits and Acceptances.
(3)    The notional amount for cross currency swaps between USD LIBOR and CDOR are presented separately in the Cross currency swaps section of this table.
(4)    Amounts have been updated from those previously presented to reflect the regulatory developments related to the cessation of CDOR and transition of non-USD LIBOR
       financial instruments.
(5)    Includes our exposure to financial instruments referencing interest rates substantially similar to CDOR.
n.a.   not applicable


The following table presents the undrawn balances of loan commitments referencing benchmark interest rates subject to the
Reform.

                                                                                                                                                        As at
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                         October 31, 2022         October 31, 2021
Authorized and committed undrawn commitments
  USD LIBOR                                                                                                                            $       59,271           $    122,437
  CDOR (1), (2)                                                                                                                                26,913                 15,644
                                                                                                                                       $       86,184           $    138,081
(1)    Includes our exposure to financial instruments referencing interest rates substantially similar to CDOR.
(2)    Undrawn commitments exclude amounts related to drawn outstanding balances, which in certain cases may exclude extension options.


Consistent with our transition plan, our exposure to non-derivative financial assets, non-derivative financial liabilities, derivative
notional and undrawn balances of loan commitments referencing non-USD LIBOR interest rates is no longer material to our
financial statements (October 31, 2021 – $3.6 billion, $3.4 billion, $2,975.4 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively). We continue to
manage significant exposures to benchmarks that have no announced plans for cessation or further reform, including the EURO
Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW), which are excluded from the tables above.




                                                                                       Consolidated Financial Statements     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022          157
      Note 3 Fair value of financial instruments

Carrying value and fair value of financial instruments
The following tables provide a comparison of the carrying and fair values for each classification of financial instruments.
Embedded derivatives are presented on a combined basis with the host contracts. For measurement purposes, they are carried
at fair value when conditions requiring separation are met.

                                                                                                     As at October 31, 2022
                                                                    Carrying value and fair value               Carrying value        Fair value
                                                        Financial       Financial   Financial       Financial        Financial         Financial
                                                     instruments     instruments instruments     instruments      instruments       instruments         Total
                                                     classified as designated as classified as designated as      measured at       measured at      carrying         Total
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                              FVTPL          FVTPL        FVOCI          FVOCI    amortized cost    amortized cost      amount     fair value
Financial assets
Interest-bearing deposits with banks                 $          – $       84,468 $            – $          –    $     23,543      $     23,543 $ 108,011 $ 108,011
Securities
  Trading                                                138,507           9,698            –             –                –                 –      148,205      148,205
  Investment, net of applicable allowance                      –               –       92,063           828           77,127            70,073      170,018      162,964
                                                         138,507           9,698       92,063           828           77,127            70,073      318,223      311,169
Assets purchased under reverse repurchase
  agreements and securities borrowed                     264,665                –             –            –          53,180            53,180      317,845      317,845
Loans, net of applicable allowance
  Retail                                                      73             375             218           –         546,767           521,428      547,433      522,094
  Wholesale                                                6,914           3,222             563           –         261,833           253,816      272,532      264,515
                                                           6,987           3,597             781           –         808,600           775,244      819,965      786,609
Other
  Derivatives                                            154,439                –             –            –               –                 –      154,439      154,439
  Other assets (1)                                         3,377                –             –            –          73,084            73,084       76,461       76,461
Financial liabilities
Deposits
  Personal                                           $       298 $       21,959                                 $    382,675      $    380,396 $ 404,932 $ 402,653
  Business and government (2)                                447        152,119                                      607,304           605,102   759,870   757,668
  Bank (3)                                                     –          7,196                                       36,816            36,758    44,012    43,954
                                                             745        181,274                                     1,026,795         1,022,256    1,208,814    1,204,275
Other
  Obligations related to securities sold short            35,511                –                                             –               –      35,511       35,511
  Obligations related to assets sold under
    repurchase agreements and securities
    loaned                                                     –        248,835                                       25,112            25,112      273,947      273,947
  Derivatives                                            153,491              –                                            –                 –      153,491      153,491
  Other liabilities (4)                                     (360)            69                                       90,348            90,160       90,057       89,869
Subordinated debentures                                        –              –                                       10,025             9,668       10,025        9,668




158       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        As at October 31, 2021
                                                                 Carrying value and fair value                      Carrying value        Fair value
                                                      Financial       Financial   Financial       Financial             Financial          Financial
                                                   instruments     instruments instruments     instruments           instruments        instruments            Total
                                                   classified as designated as classified as designated as           measured at        measured at         carrying           Total
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                            FVTPL          FVTPL        FVOCI          FVOCI         amortized cost     amortized cost        amount        fair value
Financial assets
Interest-bearing deposits with banks               $          – $        56,896 $           – $              –     $       22,742     $        22,742 $        79,638 $     79,638
Securities
  Trading                                              125,801           13,439            –                 –                  –                   –       139,240        139,240
  Investment, net of applicable allowance                    –                –       77,802               533             67,149              66,823       145,484        145,158
                                                       125,801           13,439       77,802               533             67,149              66,823       284,724        284,398
Assets purchased under reverse repurchase
  agreements and securities borrowed                   265,011                –             –                –             42,892              42,892       307,903        307,903
Loans, net of applicable allowance
  Retail                                                     –              241           327                –            500,621            502,277        501,189        502,845
  Wholesale                                              8,428            2,769           813                –            204,376            204,683        216,386        216,693
                                                         8,428            3,010         1,140                –            704,997            706,960        717,575        719,538
Other
  Derivatives                                           95,541                –             –                –                  –                   –          95,541       95,541
  Other assets (1)                                       4,109                –             –                –             58,483              58,483          62,592       62,592
Financial liabilities
Deposits
  Personal                                         $       321 $         18,328                                    $      343,839     $      344,040 $      362,488 $      362,689
  Business and government (2)                              739          131,630                                           563,984            565,106        696,353        697,475
  Bank (3)                                                   –           17,251                                            24,739             24,743         41,990         41,994
                                                         1,060          167,209                                           932,562            933,889       1,100,831      1,102,158
Other
  Obligations related to securities sold short          37,841                –                                                   –                    –       37,841       37,841
  Obligations related to assets sold under
    repurchase agreements and securities
    loaned                                                   –          236,147                                            26,054              26,054       262,201        262,201
  Derivatives                                           91,439                –                                                 –                   –        91,439         91,439
  Other liabilities (4)                                    654              171                                            64,746              64,749        65,571         65,574
Subordinated debentures                                      –                –                                             9,593               9,601         9,593          9,601

(1)   Includes Customers’ liability under acceptances and financial instruments recognized in Other assets.
(2)   Business and government deposits include deposits from regulated deposit-taking institutions other than banks.
(3)   Bank deposits refer to deposits from regulated banks and central banks.
(4)   Includes Acceptances and financial instruments recognized in Other liabilities.


Financial assets designated as fair value through profit or loss
For our financial assets designated as FVTPL, we measure the change in fair value attributable to changes in credit risk as the
difference between the total change in the fair value of the instrument during the period and the change in fair value calculated
using the appropriate risk-free yield curves. For the year ended October 31, 2022, the change in fair value during the period
attributable to changes in credit risk for positions still held was a loss of $662 million and the cumulative change in fair value
attributable to changes in credit risk for positions still held was a loss of $490 million. For the year ended October 31, 2021, the
change in fair value during the period attributable to changes in credit risk for positions still held was a gain of $613 million and
the cumulative change in fair value attributable to changes in credit risk for positions still held was a gain of $173 million. As at
October 31, 2022, the extent to which credit derivatives or similar instruments mitigate the maximum exposure to credit risk was
$589 million (October 31, 2021 – $484 million).

Financial liabilities designated as fair value through profit or loss
For our financial liabilities designated as FVTPL, we take into account changes in our own credit spread and the expected
duration of the instrument to measure the change in fair value attributable to changes in credit risk.

                                                                                                 As at or for the year ended October 31, 2022 (1)
                                                                                                                      Difference
                                                                                                                        between           Changes in fair value attributable
                                                                        Contractual                               carrying value          to changes in credit risk included
                                                                           maturity                              and contractual             in OCI for positions still held
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                              amount     Carrying value            maturity amount          During the period        Cumulative (2)
Term deposits
  Personal                                                          $    22,328 $ 21,959                            $     (369)                 $     (238)         $       (166)
  Business and government (3)                                           160,775   152,119                               (8,656)                     (2,135)               (1,718)
  Bank (4)                                                                7,208     7,196                                  (12)                          –                     –
                                                                        190,311           181,274                       (9,037)                     (2,373)               (1,884)
Obligations related to assets sold under
  repurchase agreements and securities loaned                           248,963           248,835                         (128)                            1                    1
Other liabilities                                                            69                69                            –                             –                    –
                                                                    $ 439,343 $ 430,178                             $ (9,165)                   $ (2,372)           $ (1,883)




                                                                                      Consolidated Financial Statements          Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        159
      Note 3 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

                                                                                                       As at or for the year ended October 31, 2021 (1)
                                                                                                                         Difference
                                                                                                                           between           Changes in fair value attributable
                                                                             Contractual                             carrying value          to changes in credit risk included
                                                                                maturity                           and contractual              in OCI for positions still held
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                  amount      Carrying value         maturity amount           During the period        Cumulative (2)
Term deposits
  Personal                                                              $      18,205 $          18,328                    $ 123                     $      (17)                $ 72
  Business and government (3)                                                 131,830           131,630                      (200)                          (75)                 416
  Bank (4)                                                                     17,253            17,251                        (2)                            –                    –
                                                                              167,288           167,209                         (79)                        (92)                  488
Obligations related to assets sold under
  repurchase agreements and securities loaned                                 236,164           236,147                         (17)                         (8)                     –
Other liabilities                                                                 171               171                           –                           –                      –
                                                                        $     403,623 $         403,527                    $    (96)                 $ (100)                    $ 488
(1)     $97 million in changes in fair value attributable to changes in credit risk were recognized in income for the year ended October 31, 2022, and $97 million in cumulative
        changes in credit risk were included in income for positions still held life-to-date (October 31, 2021 – $nil and $nil respectively).
(2)     The cumulative change is measured from the initial designation of the liabilities as FVTPL. For the year ended October 31, 2022, $3 million of fair value gains previously
        included in OCI relate to financial liabilities derecognized during the year (October 31, 2021 – $25 million of fair value losses).
(3)     Business and government term deposits include amounts from regulated deposit-taking institutions other than regulated banks.
(4)     Bank term deposits refer to amounts from regulated banks and central banks.

Net gains (losses) from financial instruments classified and designated as fair value through profit or loss
Financial instruments classified as FVTPL, which includes mainly trading securities, derivatives, trading liabilities, and financial
assets and liabilities designated as FVTPL are measured at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses recognized in
Non-interest income.
                                                                                                                                                           For the year ended

                                                                                                                                                 October 31           October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                        2022                 2021
Net gains (losses) (1)
 Classified as fair value through profit or loss (2)                                                                                             $        (7,382)     $      3,447
 Designated as fair value through profit or loss (3)                                                                                                       8,543            (1,407)
                                                                                                                                                 $        1,161       $         2,040
By product line (1)
  Interest rate and credit (4)                                                                                                                   $        1,251       $         1,033
  Equities                                                                                                                                                 (843)                   57
  Foreign exchange and commodities                                                                                                                          753                   950
                                                                                                                                                 $        1,161       $         2,040
(1)     Excludes the following amounts related to our insurance operations and included in Insurance premiums, investment and fee income in the Consolidated Statements of
        Income: Net losses from financial instruments designated as FVTPL of $2,805 million (October 31, 2021 – losses of $14 million).
(2)     Excludes derivatives designated in a hedging relationship. Refer to Note 9 for net gains (losses) on these derivatives.
(3)     For the year ended October 31, 2022, $8,536 million of net fair value gains on financial liabilities designated as FVTPL, other than those attributable to changes in our own
        credit risk, were included in Non-interest income (October 31, 2021 – losses of $1,408 million).
(4)     Includes gains (losses) recognized on cross currency interest rate swaps.

Net interest income from financial instruments
Interest and dividend income arising from financial assets and financial liabilities and the associated costs of funding are
reported in Net interest income.
                                                                                                                                                           For the year ended

                                                                                                                                                 October 31           October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                        2022                 2021
Interest and dividend income (1), (2)
  Financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss                                                                            $    10,999          $     4,551
  Financial instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                      1,177                  375
  Financial instruments measured at amortized cost                                                                                                    28,595               23,219
                                                                                                                                                      40,771               28,145
Interest expense (1)
  Financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss                                                                            $        8,336       $         2,865
  Financial instruments measured at amortized cost (3)                                                                                                    9,718                 5,278
                                                                                                                                                      18,054                    8,143
Net interest income                                                                                                                              $    22,717          $    20,002
(1)     Excludes the following amounts related to our insurance operations and included in Insurance premiums, investment and fee income in the Consolidated Statements of
        Income: Interest income of $601 million (October 31, 2021 – $576 million), and Interest expense of $6 million (October 31, 2021 – $4 million).
(2)     Includes dividend income for the year ended October 31, 2022 of $2,954 million (October 31, 2021 – $2,436 million), which is presented in Interest and dividend income in
        the Consolidated Statements of Income.
(3)     Includes interest expense on lease liabilities for the year ended October 31, 2022 of $112 million (October 31, 2021 – $110 million).

160        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Consolidated Financial Statements
Fee income arising from financial instruments
For the year ended October 31, 2022, we earned $6,118 million in fees from banking services (October 31, 2021 – $5,583 million). For
the year ended October 31, 2022, we also earned $14,932 million in fees from investment management, trust, custodial,
underwriting, brokerage and other similar fiduciary services to retail and institutional clients (October 31, 2021 – $15,167 million).
These fees are included in Non-interest income.

Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified using the fair value hierarchy
                                                                                                                                        As at
                                                                                                   October 31, 2022                                                    October 31, 2021
                                                                                    Fair value                                                          Fair value
                                                                                measurements using                                                  measurements using
                                                                                                                      Netting                                                              Netting
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                               Level 1     Level 2      Level 3    adjustments    Fair value       Level 1    Level 2         Level 3   adjustments    Fair value
Financial assets
Interest-bearing deposits with banks                                     $        –    $ 84,468     $       –    $              $ 84,468     $        –    $ 56,896     $        –    $              $ 56,896

Securities
  Trading
    Debt issued or guaranteed by:
      Canadian government (1)
        Federal                                                           15,024          3,779             –                     18,803          8,977       2,380              –                      11,357
        Provincial and municipal                                               –         13,257             –                     13,257              –      11,068              –                      11,068
      U.S. federal, state, municipal and agencies (1), (2)                 1,254         35,570             4                     36,828            215      22,738             25                      22,978
      Other OECD government (3)                                            1,325          3,452             –                      4,777          2,729       5,730              –                       8,459
    Mortgage-backed securities (1)                                             –              2             –                          2              –           4              –                           4
    Asset-backed securities
      Non-CDO securities (4)                                                   –          1,308             2                      1,310              –         891              2                         893
    Corporate debt and other debt                                              –         21,162             7                     21,169              –      23,085             25                      23,110
    Equities                                                              46,592          3,593         1,874                     52,059         56,826       3,015          1,530                      61,371

                                                                          64,195         82,123         1,887                    148,205         68,747      68,911          1,582                    139,240

  Investment
    Debt issued or guaranteed by:
      Canadian government (1)
        Federal                                                               1,226       2,555            –                       3,781          1,973       1,730              –                       3,703
        Provincial and municipal                                                  –       2,124            –                       2,124              –       3,132              –                       3,132
      U.S. federal, state, municipal and agencies (1), (2)                      440      43,918            –                      44,358             12      34,815              –                      34,827
      Other OECD government                                                       –       5,144            –                       5,144              –       5,956              –                       5,956
    Mortgage-backed securities (1)                                                –       2,860           28                       2,888              –       2,727             20                       2,747
    Asset-backed securities
      CDO                                                                         –       7,524            –                       7,524              –       7,074              –                       7,074
      Non-CDO securities                                                          –         524            –                         524              –         586              –                         586
    Corporate debt and other debt                                                 –      25,569          151                      25,720              –      19,625            152                      19,777
    Equities                                                                     36         395          397                         828             46         153            334                         533

                                                                              1,702      90,613          576                      92,891          2,031      75,798            506                      78,335

Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and
  securities borrowed                                                             –     264,665             –                    264,665              –     265,011              –                    265,011
Loans                                                                             –       9,673         1,692                     11,365              –      11,501          1,077                     12,578
Other
  Derivatives
    Interest rate contracts                                                       –      39,804          263                      40,067              –      33,857            320                      34,177
    Foreign exchange contracts                                                    –      99,424           13                      99,437              –      41,224             74                      41,298
    Credit derivatives                                                            –         388            –                         388              –          34              –                          34
    Other contracts                                                           3,939      14,786           62                      18,787          3,175      17,955             26                      21,156
    Valuation adjustments                                                         –      (2,100)          45                      (2,055)             –        (819)             9                        (810)

  Total gross derivatives                                                     3,939     152,302          383                     156,624          3,175      92,251            429                      95,855
  Netting adjustments                                                                                                 (2,185)     (2,185)                                                    (314)        (314)

  Total derivatives                                                                                                              154,439                                                                95,541
  Other assets                                                                1,221       2,141           15                       3,377          1,474       2,635              –                       4,109

                                                                         $71,057       $685,985     $ 4,553      $    (2,185) $ 759,410      $75,427       $573,003     $ 3,594       $      (314) $ 651,710

Financial liabilities
  Deposits
    Personal                                                             $        –    $ 22,016     $    241     $              $ 22,257     $        –    $ 18,498     $      151    $              $ 18,649
    Business and government                                                       –     152,566            –                     152,566              –     132,369              –                    132,369
    Bank                                                                          –       7,196            –                       7,196              –      17,251              –                     17,251
  Other
    Obligations related to securities sold short                          16,383         19,128             –                     35,511         18,345      19,496              –                      37,841
    Obligations related to assets sold under repurchase agreements and
      securities loaned                                                           –     248,835             –                    248,835              –     236,147              –                    236,147
  Derivatives
    Interest rate contracts                                                       –      39,592         1,122                     40,714              –      28,566            955                      29,521
    Foreign exchange contracts                                                    –      94,310           145                     94,455              –      40,484             27                      40,511
    Credit derivatives                                                            –         125             –                        125              –         120              –                         120
    Other contracts                                                           3,847      16,663           847                     21,357          3,699      17,456            419                      21,574
    Valuation adjustments                                                         –        (967)           (8)                      (975)             –          38            (11)                         27

  Total gross derivatives                                                     3,847     149,723         2,106                    155,676          3,699      86,664          1,390                      91,753
  Netting adjustments                                                                                                 (2,185)     (2,185)                                                    (314)        (314)

  Total derivatives                                                                                                              153,491                                                                91,439
  Other liabilities                                                             341        (632)            –                       (291)           258        560               7                         825

                                                                         $20,571       $598,832     $ 2,347      $    (2,185) $ 619,565      $22,302       $510,985     $ 1,548       $      (314) $ 534,521

(1)    As at October 31, 2022, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities (MBS) included in all fair value levels of trading securities were $12,273 million and $nil
       (October 31, 2021 – $13,124 million and $nil), respectively, and in all fair value levels of Investment securities were $23,362 million and $2,755 million (October 31, 2021 –
       $13,542 million and $2,592 million), respectively.
(2)    United States (U.S.).
(3)    Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
(4)    Collateralized debt obligations (CDO).




                                                                                               Consolidated Financial Statements                 Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022                    161
      Note 3 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

Fair values of our significant assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis are determined and classified in the fair value
hierarchy table using the following valuation techniques and inputs.

Interest-bearing deposits with banks
The majority of our Interest-bearing deposits with banks are designated as FVTPL. These FVTPL deposits are composed of short-
dated deposits placed with banks, and are included in Interest-bearing deposits with banks in the fair value hierarchy table. The
fair values of these instruments are determined using the discounted cash flow method. The inputs to the valuation models
include interest rate swap curves and credit spreads, where applicable. They are classified as Level 2 instruments in the
hierarchy as the inputs are observable.

Government bonds (Canadian, U.S. and other OECD governments)
Government bonds are included in Canadian government debt, U.S. federal, state, municipal and agencies debt, Other OECD
government debt and Obligations related to securities sold short in the fair value hierarchy table. The fair values of government
issued or guaranteed debt securities in active markets are determined by reference to recent transaction prices, broker quotes,
or third-party vendor prices and are classified as Level 1 in the hierarchy. The fair values of securities that are not traded in
active markets are based on either security prices, or valuation techniques using implied yields and risk spreads derived from
prices of actively traded and similar government securities. Securities with observable prices or rate inputs as compared to
transaction prices, dealer quotes or vendor prices are classified as Level 2 in the hierarchy. Securities where inputs are
unobservable are classified as Level 3 in the hierarchy.

Corporate and U.S. municipal bonds
The fair values of corporate and U.S. municipal bonds, which are included in Corporate debt and other debt, U.S. federal, state,
municipal and agencies debt and Obligations related to securities sold short in the fair value hierarchy table, are determined
using either recently executed transaction prices, broker quotes, pricing services, or in certain instances, the discounted cash
flow method using rate inputs such as benchmark yields (CDOR, Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and other similar
reference rates) and risk spreads of comparable securities. Securities with observable prices or rate inputs are classified as
Level 2 in the hierarchy. Securities where inputs are unobservable are classified as Level 3 in the hierarchy.

Asset-backed securities and Mortgage-backed securities
Asset-backed securities (ABS) and MBS are included in Asset-backed securities, Mortgage-backed securities, Canadian
government debt, U.S. federal, state, municipal and agencies debt, and Obligations related to securities sold short in the fair
value hierarchy table. Inputs for valuation of ABS and MBS are, when available, traded prices, dealer or lead manager quotes,
broker quotes and vendor prices of the identical securities. When prices of the identical securities are not readily available, we
use industry standard models with inputs such as discount margins, yields, default, prepayment and loss severity rates that are
implied from transaction prices, dealer quotes or vendor prices of comparable instruments. Where security prices and inputs are
observable, ABS and MBS are classified as Level 2 in the hierarchy. Otherwise, they are classified as Level 3 in the hierarchy.

Equities
Equities consist of listed and unlisted common shares, private equities, mutual funds and hedge funds with certain redemption
restrictions and are included in equities and obligations for securities sold short. The fair values of common shares are based on
quoted prices in active markets, where available, and are classified as Level 1 in the hierarchy. Where quoted prices in active
markets are not readily available, fair value is determined based on quoted market prices for similar securities or through
valuation techniques, such as multiples of earnings and the discounted cash flow method with forecasted cash flows and
discount rate as inputs. Private equities are classified as Level 3 in the hierarchy as their inputs are not observable. Hedge funds
are valued using Net Asset Values (NAV). If we can redeem a hedge fund at NAV prior to the next quarter end, the fund is
classified as Level 2 in the hierarchy. Otherwise, it is classified as Level 3 in the hierarchy.

Loans
Loans include base metal loans, corporate loans, banker acceptances and asset-backed financing loans. Fair values are
determined based on market prices, if available, or discounted cash flow method using the following inputs: market interest
rates, base metal commodity prices, market based spreads of assets with similar credit ratings and terms to maturity, LGD,
expected default frequency implied from credit derivative prices, if available, and relevant pricing information such as
contractual rate, origination and maturity dates, redemption price, coupon payment frequency and day count convention. Loans
with market prices or observable inputs are classified as Level 2 in the hierarchy and loans with unobservable inputs that have
significant impacts on the fair values are classified as Level 3 in the hierarchy.

Derivatives
The fair values of exchange-traded derivatives, such as interest rate and equity options and futures, are based on quoted market
prices and are typically classified as Level 1 in the hierarchy. OTC derivatives primarily consist of interest rate contracts, foreign
exchange contracts and credit derivatives. The exchange-traded or OTC interest rate, foreign exchange and equity derivatives
are included in Interest rate contracts, Foreign exchange contracts and Other contracts, respectively, in the fair value hierarchy
table. The fair values of OTC derivatives are determined using valuation models when quoted market prices or third-party
consensus pricing information are not available. The valuation models, such as discounted cash flow method or Black-Scholes
option model, incorporate observable or unobservable inputs for interest and foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity
prices (including indices), credit spreads, corresponding market volatility levels, and other market-based pricing factors. Other
adjustments to fair value include bid-offer, CVA, FVA, OIS, parameter and model uncertainties, and unrealized gain or loss at
inception of a transaction. A derivative instrument is classified as Level 2 in the hierarchy if observable market inputs are
available or the unobservable inputs are not significant to the fair value. Otherwise, it is classified as Level 3 in the hierarchy.

Securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements
In the fair value hierarchy table, these instruments are included in Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and
securities borrowed, and Obligations related to assets sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned. The fair values
162       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
of these contracts are determined using valuation techniques such as the discounted cash flow method using interest rate
curves as inputs. They are classified as Level 2 instruments in the hierarchy as the inputs are observable.

Deposits
A majority of our deposits are measured at amortized cost but certain deposits are designated as FVTPL. These FVTPL deposits
include deposits taken from clients, issuances of certificates of deposits and promissory notes, and interest rate and equity
linked notes. The fair values of these instruments are determined using the discounted cash flow method and derivative option
valuation models. The inputs to the valuation models include benchmark yield curves, credit spreads, interest rates, equity and
interest rate volatility, dividends and correlation, where applicable. They are classified as Level 2 or 3 instruments in the
hierarchy, depending on the significance of the unobservable credit spreads, volatility, dividend and correlation rates.

Quantitative information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 Instruments)
The following table presents fair values of our significant Level 3 financial instruments, valuation techniques used to determine
their fair values, ranges and weighted averages of unobservable inputs.

As at October 31, 2022 (Millions of Canadian dollars, except for prices, percentages and ratios)
                                                                          Fair value                                                                        Range of input values (1), (2)

                                                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                       Significant                              average /
                                Reporting line in the fair value                                         Valuation                   unobservable                                   Inputs
Products                        hierarchy table                        Assets Liabilities              techniques                       inputs (3)            Low        High distribution
Corporate debt and related                                                                            Price-based                          Prices      $      1.00 $ 111.90 $        85.64
  derivatives                   Corporate debt and other debt      $       7                 Discounted cash flows                 Credit spread            1.67%   10.73%           6.20%
                                Loans                                  1,692                                                Credit enhancement             11.70%   15.60%          13.00%
                                Derivative related liabilities                  $      130

Government debt and
 municipal bonds                Corporate debt and other debt            151                 Discounted cash flows                           Yields         7.85%     10.72%          8.92%

Private equities, hedge fund                                                                    Market comparable           EV/EBITDA multiples             3.97X     14.31X         8.59X
  investments and related       Equities                               2,271                           Price-based                  P/E multiples           8.47X     24.04X        12.46X
  equity derivatives            Derivative related liabilities                           2   Discounted cash flows              EV/Rev multiples            0.35X      5.77X         3.88X
                                                                                                                          Liquidity discounts (4)          10.00%     40.00%        17.35%
                                                                                                                                    Discount rate          10.80%     10.80%        10.80%
                                                                                                                                 NAV / prices (5)              n.a.       n.a.          n.a.

Interest rate derivatives and                                                                Discounted cash flows                    Interest rates        1.88%      4.49%           High
  interest-rate-linked          Derivative related assets                270                  Option pricing model                   CPI swap rates         1.98%      2.59%           Even
  structured notes (6), (7)     Derivative related liabilities                      1,216                                         IR-IR correlations       19.00%     67.00%           Even
                                                                                                                                 FX-IR correlations        29.00%     56.00%           Even
                                                                                                                                 FX-FX correlations        68.00%     68.00%           Even

Equity derivatives and equity-
  linked structured                                                                          Discounted cash flows              Dividend yields         (0.63)%   8.28%              Lower
  notes (6), (7)               Derivative related assets                  62                  Option pricing model   Equity (EQ)-EQ correlations         33.00%  94.90%              Middle
                               Deposits                                                241                                    EQ-FX correlations       (83.15)%  38.44%              Middle
                               Derivative related liabilities                          655                                        EQ volatilities         7.00% 129.00%              Upper

Other (8)
                                Asset-backed securities                    2
                                Derivative related assets                 51
                                Other assets                              15
                                Mortgage-backed securities                28
                                U.S. state, municipal and
                                  agencies debt                             4
                                Derivative related liabilities                         103
                                Other liabilities                                        –
Total                                                              $ 4,553      $ 2,347




                                                                                             Consolidated Financial Statements         Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022              163
      Note 3 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

As at October 31, 2021 (Millions of Canadian dollars, except for prices, percentages and ratios)
                                                                              Fair value                                                                 Range of input values (1), (2)

                                                                                                                                                                              Weighted
                                                                                                                                      Significant                             average /
                                Reporting line in the fair value                                             Valuation              unobservable                                  Inputs
Products                        hierarchy table                             Assets Liabilities             techniques                  inputs (3)           Low        High distribution
Corporate debt and related                                                                                Price-based                       Prices   $     29.18 $ 127.09 $         96.36
  derivatives                   Corporate debt and other debt           $       27               Discounted cash flows              Credit spread         1.15%    6.92%           4.04%
                                Loans                                        1,077                                           Credit enhancement          11.92%   15.90%          13.25%
                                Derivative related liabilities                       $       9
Government debt and
 municipal bonds                Corporate debt and other debt                 150                Discounted cash flows                     Yields         3.91%      8.17%         5.91%

Private equities, hedge fund                                                                      Market comparable          EV/EBITDA multiples          8.82X     26.00X         9.16X
  investments and related       Equities                                     1,864                       Price-based                 P/E multiples        9.40X     38.00X        10.96X
  equity derivatives            Derivative related liabilities                               2 Discounted cash flows             EV/Rev multiples         1.14X     20.80X         5.40X
                                                                                                                           Liquidity discounts (4)       10.00%     40.00%        16.40%
                                                                                                                                     Discount rate       10.65%     10.65%        10.65%
                                                                                                                                  NAV / prices (5)           n.a.       n.a.          n.a.

Interest rate derivatives and                                                                    Discounted cash flows              Interest rates        0.13%      2.46%          High
  interest-rate-linked          Derivative related assets                     367                 Option pricing model             CPI swap rates         1.76%      2.42%          Even
  structured notes (6), (7)     Derivative related liabilities                             974                                  IR-IR correlations       19.00%     67.00%          Even
                                                                                                                               FX-IR correlations        29.00%     56.00%          Even
                                                                                                                               FX-FX correlations        68.00%     68.00%          Even

Equity derivatives and equity-
  linked structured                                                                            Discounted cash flows             Dividend yields        0.00%         6.37%       Lower
  notes (6), (7)               Derivative related assets                        25              Option pricing model Equity (EQ)-EQ correlations       32.00%        95.00%       Middle
                               Deposits                                                    151                                EQ-FX correlations     (60.60)%        27.30%       Middle
                               Derivative related liabilities                              381                                    EQ volatilities       8.00%       128.00%       Upper

Other (8)
                                Asset-backed securities                          2
                                Derivative related assets                       37
                                Other assets                                     –
                                Mortgage-backed securities                      20
                                U.S. state, municipal and
                                  agencies debt                                 25
                                Derivative related liabilities                              24
                                Other liabilities                                            7

Total                                                                   $    3,594 $     1,548

(1)     The low and high input values represent the actual highest and lowest level inputs used to value a group of financial instruments in a particular product category. These
        input ranges do not reflect the level of input uncertainty, but are affected by the different underlying instruments within the product category. The input ranges will
        therefore vary from period to period based on the characteristics of the underlying instruments held at each balance sheet date. Where provided, the weighted average
        of the input values is calculated based on the relative fair values of the instruments within the product category. The weighted averages for derivatives are not presented
        in the table as they would not provide a comparable metric; instead, distribution of significant unobservable inputs within the range for each product category is
        indicated in the table.
(2)     Price-based inputs are significant for certain debt securities and are based on external benchmarks, comparable proxy instruments or pre-quarter-end trade data. For
        these instruments, the price input is expressed in dollars for each $100 par value. For example, with an input price of $105, an instrument is valued at a premium over its
        par value.
(3)     The significant unobservable inputs include the following: (i) Enterprise Value (EV); (ii) Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA);
        (iii) Price / Earnings (P/E); (iv) Revenue (Rev); (v) Consumer Price Index (CPI); (vi) Interest Rate (IR); (vii) Foreign Exchange (FX); and (viii) Equity (EQ).
(4)     Fair value of securities with liquidity discount inputs totalled $373 million (October 31, 2021 – $385 million).
(5)     NAV of a hedge fund is total fair value of assets less liabilities divided by the number of fund units. Private equities are valued based on NAV or valuation techniques. The
        range for NAV per unit or price per share has not been disclosed for the hedge funds or private equities due to the dispersion of prices given the diverse nature of the
        investments.
(6)     The level of aggregation and diversity within each derivative instrument category may result in certain ranges of inputs being wide and inputs being unevenly distributed
        across the range. In the table, we indicated whether the majority of the inputs are concentrated toward the upper, middle, or lower end of the range, or evenly distributed
        throughout the range.
(7)     The structured notes contain embedded equity or interest rate derivatives with unobservable inputs that are similar to those of the equity or interest rate derivatives.
(8)     Other primarily includes certain insignificant instruments such as auction rate securities, commodity derivatives, foreign exchange derivatives, contingent
        considerations, bank-owned life insurance and retractable shares.
n.a.    not applicable

Sensitivity to unobservable inputs and interrelationships between unobservable inputs
Yield, credit spreads/discount margins
A financial instrument’s yield is the interest rate used to discount future cash flows in a valuation model. An increase in the yield,
in isolation, would result in a decrease in a fair value measurement and vice versa. A credit spread/discount margin is the
difference between a debt instrument’s yield and a benchmark instrument’s yield. Benchmark instruments have high credit
quality ratings, similar maturities and are often government bonds. The credit spread/discount margin therefore represents the
discount rate used to determine the present value of future cash flows of an asset to reflect the market return required for
uncertainty in the estimated cash flows. The credit spread/discount margin for an instrument forms part of the yield used in a
discounted cash flow method.

Funding spread
Funding spreads are credit spreads specific to funding or deposit rates. A decrease in funding spreads, on its own, will increase
the fair value of our liabilities, and vice versa.

Default rates
A default rate is the rate at which borrowers fail to make scheduled loan payments. A decrease in the default rate will typically
increase the fair value of the loan, and vice versa. This effect will be significantly more pronounced for a non-government
guaranteed loan than a government guaranteed loan.
164         Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Consolidated Financial Statements
Prepayment rates
A prepayment rate is the rate at which a loan will be repaid in advance of its expected amortization schedule. Prepayments
change the future cash flows of a loan. An increase in the prepayment rate in isolation will result in an increase in fair value when
the loan interest rate is lower than the current reinvestment rate, and a decrease in the prepayment rate in isolation will result in
a decrease in fair value when the loan interest rate is lower than the current reinvestment rate. Prepayment rates are generally
negatively correlated with interest rates.

Recovery and loss severity rates
A recovery rate is an estimation of the amount that can be collected in a loan default scenario. The recovery rate is the recovered
amount divided by the loan balance due, expressed as a percentage. The inverse concept of recovery is loss severity. Loss
severity rate is an estimation of the loan amount not collected when a loan defaults. The loss severity rate is the loss amount
divided by the loan balance due, expressed as a percentage. Generally, an increase in the recovery rate or a decrease in the loss
severity rate will increase the loan fair value, and vice versa.

Volatility rates
Volatility measures the potential variability of future prices and is often measured as the standard deviation of price movements.
Volatility is an input to option pricing models used to value derivatives and issued structured notes. Volatility is used in valuing
equity, interest rate, commodity and foreign exchange options. A higher volatility rate means that the underlying price or rate
movements are more likely to occur. Higher volatility rates may increase or decrease an option’s fair value depending on the
option’s terms. The determination of volatility rates is dependent on various factors, including but not limited to, the underlying’s
market price, the strike price and maturity.

Dividend yields
A dividend yield is the underlying equity’s expected dividends expressed as an annual percentage of its price. Dividend yield is
used as an input for forward equity price and option models. Higher dividend yields will decrease the forward price, and vice
versa. A higher dividend yield will increase or decrease an option’s value, depending on the option’s terms.

Correlation rates
Correlation is the linear relationship between the movements in two different variables. Correlation is an input to the valuation of
derivative contracts and issued structured notes when an instrument’s payout is determined by correlated variables. When
variables are positively correlated, an increase in one variable will result in an increase in the other variable. When variables are
negatively correlated, an increase in one variable will result in a decrease in the other variable. The referenced variables can be
within a single asset class or market (equity, interest rate, commodities, credit and foreign exchange) or between variables in
different asset classes (equity to foreign exchange, or interest rate to foreign exchange). Changes in correlation will either
increase or decrease a financial instrument’s fair value depending on the terms of the instrument.

Interest rates
An interest rate is the percentage amount charged on a principal or notional amount. Increasing interest rates will decrease the
discounted cash flow value of a financial instrument, and vice versa.

Consumer Price Index swap rates
A CPI swap rate is expressed as a percentage of an increase in the average price of a basket of consumer goods and services,
such as transportation, food and medical care. An increase in the CPI swap rate will cause inflation swap payments to be larger,
and vice versa.

EV/EBITDA multiples, P/E multiples, EV/Rev multiples, and liquidity discounts
Private equity valuation inputs include EV/EBITDA multiples, P/E multiples and EV/Rev multiples. These are used to calculate
either enterprise value or share value of a company based on a multiple of earnings or revenue estimates. Higher multiples
equate to higher fair values for all multiple types, and vice versa. A liquidity discount may be applied when few or no transactions
exist to support the valuations.

Credit Enhancement
Credit enhancement is an input to the valuation of securitized transactions and is the amount of loan loss protection for a senior
tranche. Credit enhancement is expressed as a percentage of the transaction sizes. An increase in credit enhancement will cause
the credit spread to decrease and the tranche fair value to increase, and vice versa.

Interrelationships between unobservable inputs
Unobservable inputs, including the above discount margin, default rate, prepayment rate, and recovery and loss severity rates,
may not be independent of each other. For example, the discount margin can be affected by a change in default rate, prepayment
rate, or recovery and loss severity rates. Discount margins will generally decrease when default rates decline or when recovery
rates increase.




                                                                 Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   165
      Note 3 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

Changes in fair value measurement for instruments measured on a recurring basis and categorized in Level 3
                                                                                                           For the year ended October 31, 2022
                                                                                   Gains    Gains                                                                     Gains
                                                                   Fair value   (losses) (losses)              Settlement Transfers Transfers Fair value (losses) included
                                                                at beginning included in included Purchases (sales) and        into    out of at end of     in earnings for
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                      of period  earnings in OCI (1) (issuances)   other (2)  Level 3   Level 3    period positions still held
Assets
Securities
  Trading
    Debt issued or guaranteed by:
      U.S. state, municipal and agencies                        $         25 $           – $        2 $            – $        (23) $        – $         – $          4       $              –
    Asset-backed securities
      Non-CDO securities                                                  2              –         –             –              –           –           –          2                       –
    Corporate debt and other debt                                        25             (3)        –             –             (6)          9         (18)         7                       –
    Equities                                                          1,530             14       100           314            (82)          1          (3)     1,874                      43
                                                                      1,582             11       102           314          (111)          10         (21)     1,887                      43
  Investment
    Mortgage-backed securities                                           20              –          8             –             –           –           –          28                    n.a.
    Corporate debt and other debt                                       152              –          2             –             –           –          (3)        151                    n.a.
    Equities                                                            334              –         51            11            (1)         37         (35)        397                    n.a.
                                                                        506              –         61            11            (1)         37         (38)        576                    n.a.
Loans                                                                 1,077           (25)        (37)         407          (466)        802          (66)     1,692                     (78)
  Other
  Net derivative balances (3)
    Interest rate contracts                                            (635)         (187)         (5)          17             64        (13)       (100)        (859)                  (16)
    Foreign exchange contracts                                           47          (103)         (2)         (22)             3          5         (60)        (132)                  (90)
    Other contracts                                                    (393)          165         (34)        (245)            70       (406)         58         (785)                  271
    Valuation adjustments                                                20             –           –           25            (11)        19           –           53                     –
  Other assets                                                            –             –           1           15             (1)         –           –           15                     –
                                                                $     2,204 $        (139) $       86 $        522 $        (453) $      454 $      (227) $ 2,447            $          130
Liabilities
Deposits                                                        $      (151) $           2 $       (3) $      (120) $          26 $     (143) $      148 $       (241)       $            19
Other
  Other liabilities                                                        (7)          (1)         –              –            8           –           –            –                      –
                                                                $      (158) $           1 $       (3) $      (120) $          34 $     (143) $      148 $       (241)       $            19

                                                                                                            For the year ended October 31, 2021
                                                                                   Gains    Gains                                                                                       Gains
                                                                   Fair value   (losses) (losses)              Settlement Transfers Transfers Fair value                   (losses) included
                                                                at beginning included in included Purchases (sales) and        into    out of at end of                       in earnings for
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                      of period  earnings in OCI (1) (issuances)   other (2)  Level 3   Level 3    period                   positions still held
Assets
Securities
  Trading
    Debt issued or guaranteed by:
      U.S. state, municipal and agencies                        $         44 $           – $       (2) $           – $        (17) $        – $          – $       25        $              1
    Asset-backed securities
      Non-CDO securities                                                   2             –          –             –            –            –           –           2                      –
    Corporate debt and other debt                                         30            (2)         –            12           (5)          14         (24)         25                     (1)
    Equities                                                           1,261            96        (60)          338         (125)          26          (6)      1,530                    164
                                                                       1,337            94        (62)          350         (147)          40         (30)      1,582                    164
  Investment
    Mortgage-backed securities                                            27             –         (7)             –            –           –           –          20                    n.a.
    Corporate debt and other debt                                        160             –        (12)             –            4           –           –         152                    n.a.
    Equities                                                             335             –         34              5           (2)          –         (38)        334                    n.a.
                                                                         522             –         15              5            2           –         (38)        506                    n.a.
Loans                                                                  1,070            (5)       (19)          264            (8)         73        (298)      1,077                     30
Other
  Net derivative balances (3)
    Interest rate contracts                                             (588)           84         (1)            5         (109)         (4)         (22)       (635)                    84
    Foreign exchange contracts                                            22            14          –            38          (25)          7           (9)         47                      1
    Other contracts                                                     (301)          (20)        11          (142)         102        (276)         233        (393)                   (10)
    Valuation adjustments                                                 40             –          –             6          (26)          –            –          20                      –
  Other assets                                                            53           (39)        (2)            –          (12)          –            –           –                      –
                                                                $      2,155 $        128 $       (58) $        526 $       (223) $     (160) $      (164) $    2,204        $           269
Liabilities
Deposits                                                        $       (139) $        (66) $       5 $        (191) $         51 $     (154) $       343 $      (151)       $              6
Other
  Other liabilities                                                      (38)           22          1              –            8           –            –          (7)                   23
                                                                $       (177) $        (44) $       6 $        (191) $         59 $     (154) $       343 $      (158)       $            29
(1)     These amounts include the foreign currency translation gains or losses arising on consolidation of foreign subsidiaries relating to the Level 3 instruments, where
        applicable. The unrealized gains on Investment securities recognized in OCI were $50 million for the year ended October 31, 2022 (October 31, 2021 – gains of $46 million)
        excluding the translation gains or losses arising on consolidation.
(2)     Other includes amortization of premiums or discounts recognized in net income.
(3)     Net derivatives as at October 31, 2022 included derivative assets of $383 million (October 31, 2021 – $429 million) and derivative liabilities of $2,106 million (October 31, 2021 –
        $1,390 million).
n.a.    not applicable




166        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022          Consolidated Financial Statements
Transfers between fair value hierarchy levels for instruments carried at fair value on a recurring basis
Transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, and transfers into and out of Level 3 are assumed to occur at the end of the period. For an
asset or a liability that transfers into Level 3 during the period, the entire change in fair value for the period is excluded from the
Gains (losses) included in earnings for positions still held column of the above reconciliation, whereas for transfers out of Level 3
during the period, the entire change in fair value for the period is included in the same column of the above reconciliation.

Transfers between Level 1 and 2 are dependent on whether fair value is obtained on the basis of quoted market prices in active
markets (Level 1).
    During the year ended October 31, 2022, there were no significant transfers out of Level 1 to Level 2. During the year ended
October 31, 2021, transfers out of Level 1 to Level 2 included Obligations related to securities sold short of $498 million.
    During the year ended October 31, 2022, there were no significant transfers out of Level 2 to Level 1. During the year ended
October 31, 2021, transfers out of Level 2 to Level 1 included Obligations related to securities sold short of $130 million.

Transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 are primarily due to either a change in the market observability for an input, or a change in
an unobservable input’s significance to a financial instrument’s fair value.
    During the year ended October 31, 2022, significant transfers out of Level 2 to Level 3 included:
    •   $777 million of Loans, due to changes in the market observability of inputs.
    •   $227 million of OTC equity options in Other contracts comprised of $57 million of derivative related assets and
        $284 million of derivative related liabilities, due to changes in the market observability of inputs and changes in the
        significance of unobservable inputs.
    •   $127 million of loan underwriting commitments in derivative related liabilities of Other contracts, due to changes in the
        market observability of inputs.
    During the year ended October 31, 2021, significant transfers out of Level 2 to Level 3 included:
    •   $277 million of OTC equity options in Other contracts comprised of $17 million of derivative related assets and
        $294 million of derivative related liabilities, due to changes in the market observability of inputs and changes in the
        significance of unobservable inputs.
    •   $154 million of Personal deposits, due to changes in the significance of unobservable inputs.

During the year ended October 31, 2022, there were no significant transfers out of Level 3 to Level 2.
    During the year ended October 31, 2021, significant transfers out of Level 3 to Level 2 included:
    •    $298 million of Loans, due to changes in the significance of unobservable inputs.
    •    $245 million of OTC equity options in Other contracts comprised of $69 million of derivative related assets and
         $314 million of derivative related liabilities, due to changes in the market observability of inputs and changes in the
         significance of unobservable inputs.
    •    $343 million of Personal deposits, due to changes in the significance of unobservable inputs.

Positive and negative fair value movements of Level 3 financial instruments from using reasonably possible alternative
assumptions
A financial instrument is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy if one or more of its unobservable inputs may
significantly affect the measurement of its fair value. In preparing the financial statements, appropriate levels for these
unobservable input parameters are chosen so that they are consistent with prevailing market evidence or management
judgment. Due to the unobservable nature of the prices or rates, there may be uncertainty about the valuation of these Level 3
financial instruments.




                                                                  Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   167
      Note 3 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

     The following table summarizes the impacts to fair values of Level 3 financial instruments using reasonably possible
alternative assumptions. This sensitivity disclosure is intended to illustrate the potential impact of the relative uncertainty in the
fair value of Level 3 financial instruments. In reporting the sensitivities below, we offset balances in instances where: (i) the move
in valuation factors cause an offsetting positive and negative fair value movement, (ii) both offsetting instruments are in Level 3,
and (iii) exposures are managed and reported on a net basis. With respect to overall sensitivity, it is unlikely in practice that all
reasonably possible alternative assumptions would simultaneously be realized.

                                                                                                            As at
                                                                      October 31, 2022                                               October 31, 2021
                                                                  Positive fair value      Negative fair value                   Positive fair value    Negative fair value
                                                                    movement from            movement from                         movement from          movement from
                                                                   using reasonably         using reasonably                      using reasonably       using reasonably
                                                        Level 3             possible                 possible          Level 3             possible               possible
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                       fair value         alternatives             alternatives       fair value         alternatives           alternatives
Securities
  Trading
    Debt issued or guaranteed by:
      U.S. state, municipal and
        agencies                                 $         4 $                    – $                      – $           25 $                    – $                   (1)
    Asset-backed securities                                2                      –                        –              2                      –                      –
    Corporate debt and other debt                          7                      –                        –             25                      1                     (1)
    Equities                                           1,874                     27                      (23)         1,530                     19                    (16)
  Investment
    Mortgage-backed securities                            28                      4                       (4)            20                      4                     (4)
    Corporate debt and other debt                        151                     12                      (10)           152                     14                    (13)
    Equities                                             397                     38                      (39)           334                     33                    (34)
Loans                                                  1,692                     60                      (62)         1,077                     23                    (24)
Derivatives                                              383                      5                       (3)           429                      7                     (5)
Other assets                                              15                      –                        –              –                      –                      –
                                                 $     4,553 $                  146 $                  (141) $        3,594 $                 101 $                   (98)
Deposits                                         $      (241) $                   9 $                     (9) $        (151) $                   – $                    –
Derivatives                                           (2,106)                    55                      (57)        (1,390)                    30                    (77)
Other
  Other liabilities                                          –                     –                        –              (7)                    –                      –
                                                 $    (2,347) $                  64 $                    (66) $      (1,548) $                  30 $                  (77)

Sensitivity results
As at October 31, 2022, the effects of applying other reasonably possible alternative assumptions to the Level 3 asset positions
would be an increase of $146 million and a reduction of $141 million in fair value, of which $54 million and $53 million would be
recorded in Other components of equity, respectively. The effects of applying these assumptions to the Level 3 liability positions
would result in a decrease of $64 million and an increase of $66 million in fair value.

Level 3 valuation inputs and approaches to developing reasonably possible alternative assumptions
The following is a summary of the unobservable inputs used in the valuation of the Level 3 instruments and our approaches to
developing reasonably possible alternative assumptions used to determine sensitivity.

Financial assets or                         Sensitivity methodology
liabilities
Asset-backed securities,                    Sensitivities are determined based on adjusting, plus or minus one standard deviation, the
corporate debt, government                  bid-offer spreads or input prices if a sufficient number of prices is received, adjusting input
debt, municipal bonds and                   parameters such as credit spreads or using high and low vendor prices as reasonably possible
loans                                       alternative assumptions.
Private equities, hedge fund                Sensitivity of direct private equity investments is determined by (i) adjusting the discount rate
investments and related                     by 2% when the discounted cash flow method is used to determine fair value, (ii) adjusting the
equity derivatives                          price multiples based on the range of multiples of comparable companies when price-multiples-
                                            based models are used, or (iii) using an alternative valuation approach. The private equity fund,
                                            hedge fund and related equity derivative NAVs are provided by the fund managers, and as a
                                            result, there are no other reasonably possible alternative assumptions for these investments.
Interest rate derivatives                   Sensitivities of interest rate and cross currency swaps are derived using plus or minus one
                                            standard deviation of the inputs, and an amount representing model and parameter uncertainty,
                                            where applicable.
Equity derivatives                          Sensitivity of the Level 3 position is determined by shifting the unobservable model inputs by
                                            plus or minus one standard deviation of the pricing service market data including volatility,
                                            dividends or correlations, as applicable.
Bank funding and deposits                   Sensitivities of deposits are calculated by shifting the funding curve by plus or minus certain
                                            basis points.
Structured notes                            Sensitivities for interest-rate-linked and equity-linked structured notes are derived by adjusting
                                            inputs by plus or minus one standard deviation, and for other deposits, by estimating a
                                            reasonable move in the funding curve by plus or minus certain basis points.
168       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     Consolidated Financial Statements
Fair value for financial instruments that are carried at amortized cost and classified using the fair value hierarchy
                                                                                                       As at October 31, 2022

                                                                                      Fair value may not approximate carrying value
                                                             Fair value
                                                        approximates                  Fair value measurements using                                                    Total
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                        carrying value (1)              Level 1           Level 2            Level 3                Total           fair value
Interest-bearing deposits with banks                 $              23,543        $          –     $         –        $             –     $         –         $       23,543
Amortized cost securities (2)                                            –                   –          70,073                      –          70,073                 70,073
Assets purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements and
  securities borrowed                                               42,224                   –          10,956                      –          10,956                 53,180
Loans
  Retail                                                            70,162                   –         446,809                 4,457          451,266               521,428
  Wholesale                                                         17,943                   –         230,880                 4,993          235,873               253,816
                                                                    88,105                   –         677,689                 9,450          687,139               775,244
Other assets                                                        72,198                   –               716                170                 886               73,084
                                                                  226,070                    –         759,434                 9,620          769,054               995,124
Deposits
 Personal                                                         271,414                    –         108,549                  433           108,982               380,396
 Business and government                                          406,045                    –         198,265                  792           199,057               605,102
 Bank                                                              22,638                    –          14,120                    –            14,120                36,758
                                                                  700,097                    –         320,934                 1,225          322,159             1,022,256
Obligations related to assets sold
  under repurchase agreements and
  securities loaned                                                 25,112                   –                –                 –                   –                 25,112
Other liabilities                                                   77,801                   –            1,554            10,805              12,359                 90,160
Subordinated debentures                                                  –                   –            9,608                60               9,668                  9,668
                                                     $            803,010         $          –     $ 332,096          $ 12,090            $ 344,186           $ 1,147,196

                                                                                                       As at October 31, 2021

                                                                                        Fair value may not approximate carrying value
                                                                Fair value
                                                           approximates                Fair value measurements using                                                    Total
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                           carrying value (1)           Level 1            Level 2           Level 3                Total            fair value
Interest-bearing deposits with banks                 $               22,742       $        –       $          –       $             –     $          –        $       22,742
Amortized cost securities (2)                                             –            1,025             65,798                     –           66,823                66,823
Assets purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements and
  securities borrowed                                                31,368                  –           11,524                     –           11,524                42,892
Loans
  Retail                                                             68,377                  –          429,672                4,228           433,900               502,277
  Wholesale                                                          16,228                  –          184,055                4,400           188,455               204,683
                                                                     84,605                  –          613,727                8,628           622,355               706,960
Other assets                                                         57,859                  –               489                 135                624               58,483
                                                                   196,574             1,025            691,538                8,763           701,326               897,900
Deposits
 Personal                                                          272,675                   –           70,908                  457            71,365               344,040
 Business and government                                           418,185                   –          146,334                  587           146,921               565,106
 Bank                                                               16,943                   –            7,792                    8             7,800                24,743
                                                                   707,803                   –          225,034                1,052           226,086               933,889
Obligations related to assets sold
  under repurchase agreements and
  securities loaned                                                  26,054                  –                 –                   –                  –               26,054
Other liabilities                                                    55,495                  –             1,256               7,998              9,254               64,749
Subordinated debentures                                                   –                  –             9,545                  56              9,601                9,601
                                                     $             789,352        $          –     $    235,835       $        9,106      $    244,941        $   1,034,293
(1)   Certain financial instruments have not been assigned to a level as the carrying amount approximates their fair values.
(2)   Included in Securities – Investment, net of applicable allowance on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at amortized cost and disclosed in the table above are determined using the
following valuation techniques and inputs.




                                                                                       Consolidated Financial Statements        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   169
      Note 3 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)

Amortized cost securities
Fair values of government bonds, corporate bonds, and ABS are based on quoted prices. Fair values of certain Non-OECD
government bonds are based on vendor prices or the discounted cash flow method with yield curves of other countries’
government bonds as inputs. For ABS, where market prices are not available, the fair value is determined using the discounted
cash flow method. The inputs to the valuation model generally include market interest rates, spreads and yields derived from
comparable securities, prepayment, and LGD.

Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed, and Obligations related to assets sold
under repurchase agreements and securities loaned
Valuation methods used for the long-term instruments are described in the Fair value of assets and liabilities measured on a
recurring basis and classified using the fair value hierarchy section of this note. The carrying values of short-term instruments
generally approximate their fair values.

Loans – Retail
Retail loans include residential mortgages, personal and small business loans and credit cards. For residential mortgages, and
personal and small business loans, we segregate the portfolio based on certain attributes such as product type, contractual
interest rate, term to maturity and credit scores, if applicable. Fair values of these loans are determined by the discounted cash
flow method using applicable inputs such as prevailing interest rates, contractual and posted client rates, client discounts, credit
spreads, prepayment rates and loan-to-value (LTV) ratios. Fair values of credit card receivables are also calculated based on a
discounted cash flow method with portfolio yields, write-offs and monthly payment rates as inputs. The carrying values of short-
term and variable rate loans generally approximate their fair values.

Loans – Wholesale
Where market prices are available, wholesale loans are valued based on market prices. Otherwise, fair value is determined by
the discounted cash flow method using the following inputs: market interest rates and market based spreads of assets with
similar credit ratings and terms to maturity, LGD, expected default frequency implied from credit default swap prices, if available,
and relevant pricing information such as contractual rate, origination and maturity dates, redemption price, coupon payment
frequency and date convention.

Deposits
Deposits are comprised of demand, notice, and term deposits which include senior deposit notes we have issued to provide us
with long-term funding. Fair values of term deposits are determined by one of several valuation techniques: (i) for term deposits
and similar instruments, we segregate the portfolio based on term to maturity. Fair values of these instruments are determined
by the discounted cash flow method using inputs such as client rates for new sales of the corresponding terms; and (ii) for senior
deposit notes, we use actual traded prices, vendor prices or the discounted cash flow method using a market interest rate curve
and our funding spreads as inputs. The carrying values of demand, notice, and short-term term deposits generally approximate
their fair values.

Other assets and Other liabilities
Other assets and Other liabilities include receivables and payables relating to certain commodities. Fair values of the commodity
receivables and payables are calculated by the discounted cash flow method using applicable inputs such as market interest
rates, counterparties’ credit spreads, our funding spreads, commodity forward prices and spot prices.

Subordinated debentures
Fair values of Subordinated debentures are based on market prices, dealer quotes or vendor prices when available. Where prices
cannot be observed, fair value is determined using the discounted cash flow method, with applicable inputs such as market
interest rates and credit spreads.




170       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
   Note 4      Securities

Carrying value of securities
                                                                                  As at October 31, 2022

                                                              Term to maturity (1)
                                                                                                                         With no
                                            Within    3 months      1 year to        5 years to                Over     specific
(Millions of Canadian dollars)           3 months      to 1 year      5 years          10 years            10 years     maturity                  Total
Trading (2)
  Debt issued or guaranteed by:
    Canadian government                  $    2,255   $ 14,181     $ 6,907           $     2,706       $ 6,011         $          –     $ 32,060
    U.S. federal, state, municipal and
      agencies                                7,151     10,107         7,043               4,507             8,020                –         36,828
    Other OECD government                     1,343        233           606                 241             2,354                –          4,777
  Mortgage-backed securities                      –          –             –                   –                 2                –              2
  Asset-backed securities                       779         49            67                 207               208                –          1,310
  Corporate debt and other debt
    Bankers’ acceptances                        252          3             –                   –                 –              –             255
    Other (3)                                 3,055      1,837         4,813               3,037             8,172              –          20,914
  Equities                                                                                                                 52,059          52,059
                                             14,835     26,410        19,436             10,698             24,767         52,059         148,205
Fair value through other
  comprehensive income (2)
  Debt issued or guaranteed by:
    Canadian government
       Federal
         Amortized cost                        780       1,010         1,024                 745               522                –           4,081
         Fair value                            778       1,009         1,012                 635               347                –           3,781
         Yield (4)                            2.3%        2.3%          2.8%                1.6%              3.1%                –            2.4%
       Provincial and municipal
         Amortized cost                        237         215           616                  56             1,561                –           2,685
         Fair value                            237         216           616                  56               999                –           2,124
         Yield (4)                            2.0%        2.7%          2.0%                3.8%              4.1%                –            3.0%
    U.S. federal, state, municipal and
       agencies
         Amortized cost                        802       2,613        13,586               9,104            19,929                –         46,034
         Fair value                            802       2,615        13,554               9,061            18,326                –         44,358
         Yield (4)                            4.9%        0.4%          1.9%                3.4%              3.0%                –           2.6%
    Other OECD government
         Amortized cost                       1,105        642         3,406                   1                 –                –           5,154
         Fair value                           1,105        642         3,396                   1                 –                –           5,144
         Yield (4)                             2.4%       1.2%          1.7%                4.4%                 –                –            1.8%
  Mortgage-backed securities
         Amortized cost                          –            –               –               41             2,944                –           2,985
         Fair value                              –            –               –               37             2,851                –           2,888
         Yield (4)                               –            –               –             4.5%              4.7%                –            4.7%
  Asset-backed securities
         Amortized cost                          –            –           46               6,331             1,911                –           8,288
         Fair value                              –            –           46               6,172             1,830                –           8,048
         Yield (4)                               –            –         4.6%                5.3%              5.4%                –            5.3%
  Corporate debt and other debt
         Amortized cost                       5,922      4,793        12,420               2,666                51                –         25,852
         Fair value                           5,919      4,792        12,307               2,656                46                –         25,720
         Yield (4)                             3.2%       2.8%          2.6%                3.1%              5.1%                –           2.8%
  Equities
         Cost                                                                                                                 551              551
         Fair value (5)                                                                                                       828              828
  Amortized cost                              8,846      9,273        31,098             18,944             26,918            551           95,630
  Fair value                                  8,841      9,274        30,931             18,618             24,399            828           92,891
Amortized cost (2)
  Debt issued or guaranteed by:
    Canadian government                        929       1,734        16,655               6,101                 –                –         25,419
    Yield (4)                                 2.4%        2.8%          2.0%                2.3%                 –                –           2.1%
    U.S. federal, state, municipal and
       agencies                               161          784        3,885             3,784            25,518               –            34,132
    Yield (4)                                4.4%         3.0%         1.7%              2.3%              2.4%               –              2.3%
    Other OECD government                     235        1,574        3,645                64                 –               –             5,518
    Yield (4)                                1.3%         1.3%         1.9%              1.3%                 –               –              1.7%
  Asset-backed securities                       –            –          573               135                 3               –               711
  Yield (4)                                     –            –         3.0%              3.5%              1.5%               –              3.1%
  Corporate debt and other debt               574        2,434        7,574               741                24               –            11,347
  Yield (4)                                  0.8%         1.7%         2.6%              2.4%              4.9%               –              2.0%
  Amortized cost, net of allowance          1,899        6,526       32,332            10,825            25,545               –            77,127
  Fair value                                1,899        6,455       30,579             9,433            21,707               –            70,073
Total carrying value of securities       $ 25,575     $ 42,210     $ 82,699          $ 40,141          $ 74,711        $ 52,887         $ 318,223


                                                               Consolidated Financial Statements       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      171
      Note 4    Securities (continued)

                                                                                                             As at October 31, 2021

                                                                                          Term to maturity (1)
                                                                                                                                                    With no
                                                                   Within        3 months         1 year to        5 years to             Over      specific
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                  3 months          to 1 year         5 years          10 years         10 years      maturity              Total
Trading (2)
  Debt issued or guaranteed by:
    Canadian government                                        $     1,244       $    4,252       $ 6,187         $      3,339        $ 7,403       $         –     $ 22,425
    U.S. federal, state, municipal and
      agencies                                                       2,381            1,616           6,203              4,092          8,686                 –         22,978
    Other OECD government                                            2,049            2,073           1,231                294          2,812                 –          8,459
  Mortgage-backed securities                                             –                –               –                  –              4                 –              4
  Asset-backed securities                                              288               27             275                116            187                 –            893
  Corporate debt and other debt
    Bankers’ acceptances                                               316              135               –                  –              –                –            451
    Other (3)                                                        2,317            2,526           5,433              3,716          8,667                –         22,659
  Equities                                                                                                                                              61,371         61,371
                                                                     8,595           10,629         19,329             11,557          27,759           61,371        139,240
Fair value through other comprehensive
  income (2)
  Debt issued or guaranteed by:
    Canadian government
       Federal
         Amortized cost                                                161            1,180           1,382               592             526                 –          3,841
         Fair value                                                    161            1,178           1,375               544             445                 –          3,703
         Yield (4)                                                    0.4%            0.7%            1.8%               0.9%            2.4%                 –          1.3%
       Provincial and municipal
         Amortized cost                                                  3              283           1,326               158           1,558                 –          3,328
         Fair value                                                      3              283           1,322               158           1,366                 –          3,132
         Yield (4)                                                    4.2%             2.6%           2.4%               1.7%           2.9%                  –          2.6%
    U.S. federal, state, municipal and
       agencies
         Amortized cost                                              1,131            5,010           7,960              2,380         18,197                 –         34,678
         Fair value                                                  1,132            5,013           7,960              2,446         18,276                 –         34,827
         Yield (4)                                                       –            0.9%            0.4%               2.6%           1.3%                  –          1.1%
    Other OECD government
         Amortized cost                                                176            1,274           4,498                 1                 –               –          5,949
         Fair value                                                    176            1,274           4,505                 1                 –               –          5,956
         Yield (4)                                                    1.7%            1.0%            1.3%               3.9%                 –               –          1.2%
  Mortgage-backed securities
         Amortized cost                                                    –                 –            56                55          2,646                 –          2,757
         Fair value                                                        –                 –            56                55          2,636                 –          2,747
         Yield (4)                                                         –                 –         1.2%              1.3%           1.2%                  –          1.2%
  Asset-backed securities
         Amortized cost                                                    –                 –              –            4,719          2,935                 –          7,654
         Fair value                                                        –                 –              –            4,719          2,941                 –          7,660
         Yield (4)                                                         –                 –              –            1.2%           1.3%                  –          1.3%
  Corporate debt and other debt
         Amortized cost                                              5,965            2,597           9,676              1,451              42                –         19,731
         Fair value                                                  5,965            2,599           9,699              1,463              51                –         19,777
         Yield (4)                                                   0.9%             1.2%            1.5%               0.8%            3.6%                 –          1.2%
  Equities
         Cost                                                                                                                                              242             242
         Fair value (5)                                                                                                                                    533             533
  Amortized cost                                                     7,436           10,344         24,898               9,356         25,904              242          78,180
  Fair value                                                         7,437           10,347         24,917               9,386         25,715              533          78,335
Amortized cost (2)
  Debt issued or guaranteed by:
    Canadian government                                                453            2,979         17,589               3,601            194                 –         24,816
    Yield (4)                                                         1.1%            1.5%           1.5%                2.0%            1.7%                 –          1.5%
    U.S. federal, state, municipal and
       agencies                                                   1,093               274            3,718              2,767          19,559              –          27,411
    Yield (4)                                                         –             1.0%             1.0%               2.1%            1.3%               –           1.3%
    Other OECD government                                         1,914             1,212            2,790                 58               –              –           5,974
    Yield (4)                                                         –             1.3%             0.8%               1.1%                –              –               –
  Asset-backed securities                                             –                 –              320                336               7              –             663
  Yield (4)                                                           –                 –            0.5%               1.7%            1.4%               –           1.1%
  Corporate debt and other debt                                   1,133             2,072            4,424                633              23              –           8,285
  Yield (4)                                                       1.0%              1.2%             1.6%               2.0%            4.7%               –           1.4%
  Amortized cost, net of allowance                                4,593             6,537           28,841              7,395          19,783              –          67,149
  Fair value                                                      4,597             6,567           28,701              7,311          19,647              –          66,823
Total carrying value of securities                             $ 20,625          $ 27,513         $ 73,087        $    28,338         $73,257       $ 61,904        $284,724
(1)    Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities shown above as borrowers may have the right to extend or prepay obligations with or without penalties.
(2)    Trading securities and FVOCI securities are recorded at fair value. Amortized cost securities, included in Investment securities, are recorded at amortized cost and
       presented net of allowance for credit losses.
(3)    Primarily composed of corporate debt, supra-national debt, and commercial paper.
(4)    The weighted average yield is derived using the contractual interest rate and the carrying value at the end of the year for the respective securities.
(5)    Certain equity securities that are not held-for-trading purposes are designated as FVOCI.


172      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Consolidated Financial Statements
Unrealized gains and losses on securities at FVOCI (1), (2)
                                                                                                                   As at
                                                                            October 31, 2022                                                        October 31, 2021

                                                        Cost/     Gross       Gross                                            Cost/     Gross       Gross
                                                    Amortized unrealized unrealized                           Fair         Amortized unrealized unrealized                             Fair
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                           cost      gains     losses                          value              cost      gains     losses                            value
Debt issued or guaranteed by:
  Canadian government
    Federal (3)                                     $      4,081 $                1 $          (301) $       3,781         $      3,841 $                  1 $          (139) $       3,703
    Provincial and municipal                               2,685                  6            (567)         2,124                3,328                    3            (199)         3,132
  U.S. federal, state, municipal
    and agencies (3)                                     46,034               343           (2,019)        44,358               34,678                353               (204)        34,827
  Other OECD government                                   5,154                 7              (17)         5,144                5,949                  8                 (1)         5,956
Mortgage-backed securities (3)                            2,985                 1              (98)         2,888                2,757                  2                (12)         2,747
Asset-backed securities
  CDO                                                     7,741                 3              (220)        7,524                7,074                  1                   (1)       7,074
  Non-CDO securities                                        547                 –               (23)          524                  580                  6                    –          586
Corporate debt and other debt                            25,852                51              (183)       25,720               19,731                 57                  (11)      19,777
Equities                                                    551               284                (7)          828                  242                292                   (1)         533
                                                    $ 95,630 $                696 $         (3,435) $ 92,891               $    78,180 $              723 $             (568) $ 78,335
(1)   Excludes $77,127 million of held-to-collect securities as at October 31, 2022 that are carried at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses (October 31, 2021 –
      $67,149 million).
(2)   Gross unrealized gains and losses includes $(19) million of allowance for credit losses on debt securities at FVOCI as at October 31, 2022 (October 31, 2021 – $(9) million)
      recognized in income and Other components of equity.
(3)   The majority of the MBS are residential. Cost/Amortized cost, Gross unrealized gains, Gross unrealized losses and Fair value related to commercial MBS are
      $2,846 million, $1 million, $92 million and $2,755 million, respectively as at October 31, 2022 (October 31, 2021 – $2,603 million, $1 million, $12 million and $2,592 million,
      respectively).


Allowance for credit losses on investment securities
The following tables reconcile the opening and closing allowance for debt securities at FVOCI and amortized cost by stage.
Reconciling items include the following:
•   Model changes, which generally comprise the impact of significant changes to the quantitative models used to estimate
    expected credit losses and any staging impacts that may arise.
•   Transfers between stages, which are presumed to occur before any corresponding remeasurement of the allowance.
•   Purchases, which reflect the allowance related to assets newly recognized during the period, including those assets that
    were derecognized following a modification of terms.
•   Sales and maturities, which reflect the allowance related to assets derecognized during the period without a credit loss
    being incurred, including those assets that were derecognized following a modification of terms.
•   Changes in risk, parameters and exposures, which comprise the impact of changes in model inputs or assumptions, including
    changes in forward-looking macroeconomic conditions; partial repayments; changes in the measurement following a
    transfer between stages; and unwinding of the time value discount due to the passage of time.

Allowance for credit losses – securities at FVOCI (1)
                                                                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                                               October 31, 2022                                            October 31, 2021
                                                                                  Performing              Impaired                            Performing               Impaired

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                 Stage 1     Stage 2      Stage 3 (2)            Total      Stage 1      Stage 2         Stage 3 (2)    Total

Balance at beginning of period                                                $      2     $     1       $     (12)        $     (9)      $ 12         $     –         $       (4)    $ 8
Provision for credit losses
  Model changes                                                                      –           –               –               –             (4)           –                  –       (4)
  Transfers to stage 1                                                               1          (1)              –               –              1           (1)                 –        –
  Transfers to stage 2                                                               –           –               –               –              –            –                  –        –
  Transfers to stage 3                                                               –           –               –               –              –            –                  –        –
  Purchases                                                                          3           –               –               3              8            –                  –        8
  Sales and maturities                                                              (1)          –               –              (1)           (10)          (1)                 –      (11)
  Changes in risk, parameters and exposures                                         (2)          1             (10)            (11)            (4)           3                 (9)     (10)
Exchange rate and other                                                              –           –              (1)             (1)            (1)           –                  1        –
Balance at end of period                                                      $      3     $     1       $     (23)        $ (19)         $    2       $     1         $     (12)     $ (9)
(1)   Expected credit losses on debt securities at FVOCI are not separately recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as the related securities are recorded at fair value.
      The cumulative amount of credit losses recognized in income is presented in Other components of equity.
(2)   Reflects changes in the allowance for purchased credit impaired securities.




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements            Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022          173
      Note 4    Securities (continued)

Allowance for credit losses – securities at amortized cost
                                                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                              October 31, 2022                                               October 31, 2021
                                                                                  Performing          Impaired                                Performing                 Impaired

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                Stage 1       Stage 2       Stage 3            Total        Stage 1          Stage 2           Stage 3     Total

Balance at beginning of period                                                $     5       $ 18      $          –      $      23         $ 10             $ 19          $        –      $ 29
Provision for credit losses
  Model changes                                                                    –             –               –              –             (4)               –                 –         (4)
  Transfers to stage 1                                                             –             –               –              –              –                –                 –          –
  Transfers to stage 2                                                             –             –               –              –              –                –                 –          –
  Transfers to stage 3                                                             –             –               –              –              –                –                 –          –
  Purchases                                                                       11             –               –             11              9                –                 –          9
  Sales and maturities                                                            (1)            –               –             (1)            (1)               –                 –         (1)
  Changes in risk, parameters and exposures                                       (7)           (6)              –            (13)            (9)               1                 –         (8)
Exchange rate and other                                                            –             2               –              2              –               (2)                –         (2)
Balance at end of period                                                      $     8       $ 14      $          –      $      22         $       5        $ 18          $        –      $ 23


Credit risk exposure by internal risk rating
The following table presents the fair value of debt securities at FVOCI and gross carrying amount of securities at amortized cost.
Risk ratings are based on internal ratings used in the measurement of expected credit losses, as at the reporting date, as outlined
in the internal ratings maps in the Credit risk section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

                                                                                                                     As at
                                                                             October 31, 2022                                                         October 31, 2021
                                                               Performing               Impaired                                 Performing                     Impaired

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                Stage 1     Stage 2       Stage 3 (1)           Total             Stage 1       Stage 2           Stage 3 (1)              Total

Investment securities
  Securities at FVOCI
  Investment grade                                      $ 91,177         $    56        $       –     $ 91,233               $ 77,147         $       82        $      –          $ 77,229
  Non-investment grade                                       680               –                –          680                    423                  –               –               423
  Impaired                                                     –               –              150          150                      –                  –             150               150
                                                            91,857            56              150         92,063               77,570                 82             150               77,802
  Items not subject to impairment (2)                                                                        828                                                                          533
                                                                                                      $ 92,891                                                                    $ 78,335
  Securities at amortized cost
  Investment grade                                      $ 76,035         $     –        $        –    $ 76,035               $ 66,033         $     –           $         –       $ 66,033
  Non-investment grade                                       898             216                 –       1,114                    928             211                     –          1,139
  Impaired                                                     –               –                 –           –                      –               –                     –              –
                                                            76,933           216                 –        77,149               66,961             211                     –            67,172
  Allowance for credit losses                                    8            14                 –            22                    5              18                     –                23
  Amortized cost                                        $ 76,925         $ 202          $        –    $ 77,127               $ 66,956         $ 193             $         –       $ 67,149
(1)    Reflects $150 million of purchased credit impaired securities (October 31, 2021 – $150 million).
(2)    Investment securities at FVOCI not subject to impairment represent equity securities designated as FVOCI.




174      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Consolidated Financial Statements
      Note 5 Loans and allowance for credit losses

Loans by geography and portfolio net of allowance
                                                                                                               As at October 31, 2022

                                                                                           United              Other                         Allowance for            Total net
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                         Canada              States       International             Total      loan losses (1)      of allowance
Retail (2)
  Residential mortgages                                            $ 383,797         $    31,956        $      3,043       $418,796          $         (432) $         418,364
  Personal                                                            79,422              14,888               3,399         97,709                    (856)            96,853
  Credit cards (3)                                                    19,778                 558                 241         20,577                    (849)            19,728
  Small business (4)                                                  12,669                   –                   –         12,669                    (181)            12,488
Wholesale (2), (5)                                                   108,916             114,795              50,256        273,967                  (1,435)           272,532
Total loans                                                        $ 604,582         $ 162,197          $     56,939       $823,718          $       (3,753) $         819,965
Undrawn loan commitments – Retail                                      258,115             4,630               2,212           264,957                   (243)
Undrawn loan commitments – Wholesale                                   118,928           225,113              81,194           425,235                   (135)

                                                                                                                As at October 31, 2021

                                                                                           United              Other                          Allowance for            Total net
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                          Canada             States       International             Total       loan losses (1)      of allowance
Retail (2)
  Residential mortgages                                            $   354,169       $     23,423       $       2,740      $ 380,332         $           (416) $       379,916
  Personal                                                              78,232             11,794               3,415         93,441                     (973)          92,468
  Credit cards (3)                                                      17,235                384                 203         17,822                     (852)          16,970
  Small business (4)                                                    12,003                  –                   –         12,003                     (168)          11,835
Wholesale (2), (5)                                                      88,083             86,028              43,955          218,066               (1,680)           216,386
Total loans                                                        $   549,722       $   121,629        $      50,313      $ 721,664         $        (4,089) $        717,575
Undrawn loan commitments – Retail                                      240,242             3,713                1,989          245,944                   (136)
Undrawn loan commitments – Wholesale                                   107,070           189,177               75,331          371,578                   (105)
(1)     Excludes allowance for loans measured at FVOCI of $5 million (October 31, 2021 – $14 million).
(2)     Geographic information is based on residence of the borrower.
(3)     The credit cards business is managed as a single portfolio and includes both consumer and business cards.
(4)     Includes small business exposure managed on a pooled basis.
(5)     Includes small business exposure managed on an individual client basis.


Loans maturity and rate sensitivity
                                                                                                              As at October 31, 2022

                                                                          Maturity term (1)                                              Rate sensitivity
                                                                     Under           1 to 5      Over 5                                          Fixed Non-rate-
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                    1 year (2)         years        years           Total        Floating           Rate sensitive             Total
Retail                                                          $ 277,302 $ 226,793 $ 45,656 $ 549,751 $ 199,414 $ 342,087 $                                 8,250 $ 549,751
Wholesale                                                         226,813    35,802   11,352   273,967    46,660   225,123                                   2,184   273,967
Total loans                                                     $ 504,115 $ 262,595 $ 57,008 $ 823,718 $ 246,074 $ 567,210 $ 10,434 $ 823,718
Allowance for loan losses                                                                       (3,753)                                (3,753)
Total loans net of allowance for loan losses                                                                $ 819,965                                                 $ 819,965


                                                                                                              As at October 31, 2021

                                                                            Maturity term (1)                                             Rate sensitivity
                                                                     Under           1 to 5       Over 5                                         Fixed    Non-rate-
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                    1 year (2)         years         years         Total         Floating           Rate    sensitive          Total
Retail                                                          $ 249,363 $ 222,408 $ 31,827 $ 503,598                    $ 166,910 $ 329,185 $                 7,503 $ 503,598
Wholesale                                                         174,345    33,882    9,839   218,066                       36,143   179,588                   2,335   218,066
Total loans                                                     $ 423,708 $ 256,290 $ 41,666 $ 721,664 $ 203,053 $ 508,773 $                                    9,838 $ 721,664
Allowance for loan losses                                                                       (4,089)                                                                  (4,089)
Total loans net of allowance for loan losses                                                                $ 717,575                                                 $ 717,575
(1)     Generally, based on the earlier of contractual repricing or maturity date.
(2)     Includes variable rate loans that can be repriced at the clients’ discretion without penalty.




                                                                                           Consolidated Financial Statements      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      175
      Note 5 Loans and allowance for credit losses (continued)

Allowance for credit losses
                                                                                                          For the year ended
                                                                           October 31, 2022                                                 October 31, 2021

                                                     Balance at Provision                Exchange Balance              Balance at Provision                Exchange Balance
                                                      beginning for credit         Net    rate and    at end            beginning for credit          Net   rate and    at end
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                         of period   losses write-offs (1)     other of period             of period   losses write-offs (1)     other of period
Retail
  Residential mortgages                              $     416 $        27 $          (24) $        13 $ 432           $     518 $ (43) $              (27) $ (32) $ 416
  Personal                                               1,079         211           (248)           1 1,043               1,309     23               (247)     (6) 1,079
  Credit cards                                             875         348           (332)           2   893               1,246    (72)              (297)     (2)   875
  Small business                                           177          31            (23)           9   194                 140     12                (23)     48    177
Wholesale                                                1,797         (90)          (136)           3 1,574               2,795   (560)              (200)   (238) 1,797
Customers’ liability under
  acceptances                                                75        (30)               –           –         45           107         (32)              –          –         75
                                                     $ 4,419 $         497 $         (763) $        28 $4,181          $ 6,115 $ (672) $              (794) $ (230) $ 4,419
Presented as:
  Allowance for loan losses                          $ 4,089                                              $3,753       $ 5,639                                            $ 4,089
  Other liabilities – Provisions                         241                                                 378           363                                                241
  Customers’ liability under
    acceptances                                              75                                                 45           107                                                75
  Other components of equity                                 14                                                  5             6                                                14
(1)     Loans written-off are generally subject to continued collection efforts for a period of time following write-off. The contractual amount outstanding on loans written-off
        during the year ended October 31, 2022 that are no longer subject to enforcement activity was $53 million (October 31, 2021 – $93 million).


The following table reconciles the opening and closing allowance for each major product of loans and commitments as
determined by our modelled, scenario-weighted allowance and the application of expert credit judgment as applicable.
Reconciling items include the following:
•   Model changes, which generally comprise the impact of significant changes to the quantitative models used to estimate
    expected credit losses and any staging impacts that may arise.
•   Transfers between stages, which are presumed to occur before any corresponding remeasurements of the allowance.
•   Originations, which reflect the allowance related to assets newly recognized during the period, including those assets that
    were derecognized following a modification of terms.
•   Maturities, which reflect the allowance related to assets derecognized during the period without a credit loss being incurred,
    including those assets that were derecognized following a modification of terms.
•   Changes in risk, parameters and exposures, which comprise the impact of changes in model inputs or assumptions, including
    changes in forward-looking macroeconomic conditions; partial repayments and additional draws on existing facilities;
    changes in the measurement following a transfer between stages; and unwinding of the time value discount due to the
    passage of time in Stage 1 and Stage 2.




176       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Consolidated Financial Statements
Allowance for credit losses – Retail and wholesale loans
                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                       October 31, 2022                                                            October 31, 2021
                                          Performing                 Impaired                                     Performing                    Impaired

(Millions of Canadian dollars)          Stage 1        Stage 2            Stage 3             Total             Stage 1           Stage 2             Stage 3         Total
Residential mortgages
Balance at beginning of period      $     186     $        92    $           138      $        416    $            206     $         160    $            152     $     518
Provision for credit losses
  Model changes                           (21)             10                  –               (11)                 (6)               (5)                  –           (11)
  Transfers to stage 1                    113             (98)               (15)                –                 205              (182)                (23)            –
  Transfers to stage 2                    (14)             23                 (9)                –                 (14)               18                  (4)            –
  Transfers to stage 3                     (2)            (25)                27                 –                  (2)              (44)                 46             –
  Originations                            159               –                  –               159                 113                 –                   –           113
  Maturities                              (23)             (9)                 –               (32)                (30)              (24)                  –           (54)
  Changes in risk, parameters and
    exposures                             (167)            68                 10               (89)               (284)              178                  15           (91)
Write-offs                                   –              –                (38)              (38)                  –                 –                 (37)          (37)
Recoveries                                   –              –                 14                14                   –                 –                  10            10
Exchange rate and other                      4              4                  5                13                  (2)               (9)                (21)          (32)
Balance at end of period            $     235     $        65    $           132      $        432    $            186     $          92    $            138     $     416

Personal
Balance at beginning of period      $     422     $       569    $              88    $      1,079    $            480     $         733    $              96    $    1,309
Provision for credit losses
  Model changes                             (3)             –                    –              (3)                 (1)                –                    –           (1)
  Transfers to stage 1                     609           (607)                  (2)              –                 710              (706)                  (4)           –
  Transfers to stage 2                    (120)           121                   (1)              –                 (97)               97                    –            –
  Transfers to stage 3                      (2)           (47)                  49               –                  (3)              (58)                  61            –
  Originations                             106              –                    –             106                 128                 –                    –          128
  Maturities                               (70)           (99)                   –            (169)                (96)             (130)                   –         (226)
  Changes in risk, parameters and
    exposures                             (660)           724                213               277                (697)              633                 186           122
Write-offs                                   –              –               (374)             (374)                  –                 –                (387)         (387)
Recoveries                                   –              –                126               126                   –                 –                 140           140
Exchange rate and other                      3              –                 (2)                1                  (2)                –                  (4)           (6)
Balance at end of period            $     285     $       661    $              97    $      1,043    $            422     $         569    $              88    $    1,079

Credit cards
Balance at beginning of period      $     233     $       642    $               –    $        875    $            364     $         882    $               –    $    1,246
Provision for credit losses
  Model changes                            (2)              –                  –                (2)                  –                 –                   –             –
  Transfers to stage 1                    495            (495)                 –                 –                 723              (723)                  –             –
  Transfers to stage 2                    (95)             95                  –                 –                (105)              105                   –             –
  Transfers to stage 3                     (2)           (325)               327                 –                  (4)             (309)                313             –
  Originations                             10               –                  –                10                   6                 –                   –             6
  Maturities                               (5)            (29)                 –               (34)                 (7)              (31)                  –           (38)
  Changes in risk, parameters and
    exposures                             (458)           826                  6               374                (742)              719                 (17)          (40)
Write-offs                                   –              –               (503)             (503)                  –                 –                (460)         (460)
Recoveries                                   –              –                171               171                   –                 –                 163           163
Exchange rate and other                      1              2                 (1)                2                  (2)               (1)                  1            (2)
Balance at end of period            $     177     $       716    $               –    $        893    $            233     $         642    $               –    $     875

Small business
Balance at beginning of period      $       88    $        55    $              34    $        177    $             78     $          29    $              33    $     140
Provision for credit losses
  Model changes                              –              –                    –               –                    3                1                    –            4
  Transfers to stage 1                      27            (27)                   –               –                   57              (57)                   –            –
  Transfers to stage 2                     (17)            17                    –               –                  (11)              11                    –            –
  Transfers to stage 3                      (1)            (4)                   5               –                   (1)              (2)                   3            –
  Originations                              32              –                    –              32                   36                –                    –           36
  Maturities                               (22)           (24)                   –             (46)                 (21)             (22)                   –          (43)
  Changes in risk, parameters and
    exposures                              (43)            50                 38                45                  (77)              64                  28            15
Write-offs                                   –              –                (32)              (32)                   –                –                 (32)          (32)
Recoveries                                   –              –                  9                 9                    –                –                   9             9
Exchange rate and other                      9              6                 (6)                9                   24               31                  (7)           48
Balance at end of period            $       73    $        73    $              48    $        194    $             88     $          55    $              34    $     177

Wholesale
Balance at beginning of period      $     566     $       794    $           437      $      1,797    $            995     $       1,132    $            668     $    2,795
Provision for credit losses
  Model changes                            (14)            (3)                   –             (17)                  1                24                   –            25
  Transfers to stage 1                     415           (411)                  (4)              –                 581              (576)                 (5)            –
  Transfers to stage 2                     (78)            80                   (2)              –                (132)              161                 (29)            –
  Transfers to stage 3                      (3)           (62)                  65               –                  (4)              (60)                 64             –
  Originations                             641              –                    –             641                 601                 –                   –           601
  Maturities                              (439)          (345)                   –            (784)               (488)             (500)                  –          (988)
  Changes in risk, parameters and
    exposures                             (504)           503                 71                70                (931)              689                  44          (198)
Write-offs                                   –              –               (202)             (202)                  –                 –                (253)         (253)
Recoveries                                   –              –                 66                66                   –                 –                  53            53
Exchange rate and other                     13             29                (39)                3                 (57)              (76)               (105)         (238)
Balance at end of period            $     597     $       585    $           392      $      1,574    $            566     $         794    $            437     $    1,797




                                                                                Consolidated Financial Statements          Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      177
      Note 5 Loans and allowance for credit losses (continued)

Key inputs and assumptions
The measurement of expected credit losses is a complex calculation that involves a large number of interrelated inputs and
assumptions and the allowance is not sensitive to any one single factor alone. The key drivers of changes in expected credit
losses include the following:
    • Changes in the credit quality of the borrower or instrument, primarily reflected in changes in internal risk ratings;
    • Changes in forward-looking macroeconomic conditions, specifically the macroeconomic variables to which our models are
       calibrated, which are those most closely correlated with credit losses in the relevant portfolio;
    • Changes in scenario design and the weights assigned to each scenario; and
    • Transfers between stages, which can be triggered by changes to any of the above inputs.

To reflect relevant risk factors not captured in our modelled results, we applied expert credit judgment in determining significant
increases in credit risk since origination as well as in the measurement of our weighted allowance for credit losses due to
uncertainty related to the pace and level of deterioration in economic forecasts.

Internal risk ratings
Internal risk ratings are assigned according to the risk management framework outlined under the headings Wholesale credit risk
and Retail credit risk of the Credit risk section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis. Changes in internal risk ratings are
primarily reflected in the PD parameters, which are estimated based on our historical loss experience at the relevant risk
segment or risk rating level, adjusted for forward-looking information.

Scenario design and weightings
Our estimation of expected credit losses in Stage 1 and Stage 2 considers five distinct future macroeconomic scenarios.
Scenarios are designed to capture a wide range of possible outcomes and are weighted according to our expectation of the
relative likelihood of the range of outcomes that each scenario represents at the reporting date. We weight each scenario to take
into account historical frequency, current trends, and forward-looking conditions which will change over time. The base case
scenario is based on forecasts of the expected rate, value or yield for each relevant macroeconomic variable. The upside and
downside scenarios are set by adjusting our base projections to construct reasonably possible scenarios and weightings that are
more optimistic and pessimistic, respectively, than the base case. Two additional downside scenarios capture the non-linear
nature of potential credit losses across our portfolios.
     The impact of each of our five scenarios varies across our portfolios given the portfolios have different sensitivities to
movements in each macroeconomic variable. We reassessed our scenario weights to increase weight to the downside scenarios
relative to October 31, 2021 in order to reflect the uncertainty and downside risk of deeper recessions than contemplated in our
base scenario.

The impact of weighting these multiple scenarios increased our ACL on performing loans, relative to our base scenario, by
$738 million at October 31, 2022 (October 31, 2021 – $726 million).

Forward looking macroeconomic variables
The PD, LGD and EAD inputs used to estimate Stage 1 and Stage 2 credit loss allowances are modelled based on the
macroeconomic variables (or changes in macroeconomic variables) that are most closely correlated with credit losses in the
relevant portfolio. Each macroeconomic scenario used in our expected credit loss calculation includes a projection of all
relevant macroeconomic variables used in our models for a five year horizon, reverting to long-run averages generally within the
2 to 5 year period. Depending on their usage in the models, macroeconomic variables are projected at a country, province/state
or more granular level. These include one or more of the variables described below, which differ by portfolio and region.

Our allowance for credit losses reflects our economic outlook as at October 31, 2022. Subsequent changes to this forecast and
related estimates will be reflected in our allowance for credit losses in future periods.
     Our base scenario reflects rising unemployment rates, high inflation, production capacity limits, supply chain pressures, and
increased expectations for central banks to continue increasing interest rates which results in moderate recessions expected in
Canada and the U.S. in calendar 2023. Our base scenario also reflects declining housing prices in Canada.
     Downside scenarios, including two additional and more severe downside scenarios designed for the energy and real estate
sectors, reflect the possibility of a more severe macroeconomic shock beginning in calendar Q1 2023 relative to our base
scenario. Conditions are expected to deteriorate from calendar Q4 2022 levels for up to 18 months, followed by a recovery for the
remainder of the period. These scenarios assume monetary policy responses that return the economy to a long-run, sustainable
growth rate within the forecast period. The possibility of a deeper recession and a more prolonged recovery as compared to our
base scenario, including further monetary policy responses to elevated inflation rates which may increase credit risk, is reflected
in our general downside scenario.
     The upside scenario reflects slightly stronger economic growth than the base scenario, without prompting a further
offsetting monetary policy response as compared to our base scenario, followed by a return to a long-run sustainable growth
rate within the forecast period.




178       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
The following provides additional detail about our calendar quarter forecasts for certain key macroeconomic variables used in
the models to estimate ACL:
•         Unemployment – In our base forecast, calendar Q4 2022 unemployment rates are expected to rise to 5.6% in Canada and
          3.9% in the U.S., peaking by Q4 2023 at 6.8% in Canada and 5.1% in the U.S., and reverting to the long run equilibrium towards
          the latter end of the forecast horizon.

          Canada Unemployment Rate (1)                                                                                   U.S. Unemployment Rate (1)
          %                                                                                                                %
    11                                                                                                           10



    9                                                                                                             8



     7                                                                                                            6



    5                                                                                                             4



    3                                                                                                             2
     4-
    Q 02
    Q 02
     4- 22
      1- 1
    Q 22
     2-
    Q 02
     3- 220
         2
         2
         2                                                                                                      Q4-
                                                                                                                Q 02
                                                                                                                  1- 1
                                                                                                                Q 022
                                                                                                                  2-
                                                                                                                Q 022
                                                                                                                  3-
                                                                                                                Q 02 2
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                  4- 2
    Q 022
      1-
    Q 023
     2-
    Q 02
     3- 3
    Q 02
     4- 3
    Q 022
        2
     1- 32
         2                                                                                                      Q 022
                                                                                                                  1-
                                                                                                                Q 023
                                                                                                                  2-
                                                                                                                Q 023
                                                                                                                  3-
                                                                                                                Q 02 2
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                  4- 3
                                                                                                                Q 02 2
    Q 024
     2-
    Q 02
      1-2
        2
     3- 4
    Q 2 20
     4- 4
        2
    Q 0242                                                                                                        1- 3
                                                                                                                Q 24
                                                                                                                  2-
                                                                                                                Q 024
                                                                                                                  3-
                                                                                                                Q 2
                                                                                                                 4- 4
                                                                                                                Q 024
                                                                                                                  1- 20
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                     20
                                                                                                                     2
    Q 025
     2-
    Q 02
     3- 5
    Q 02
     4- 5
    Q 025
     1- 2
    Q 0262
         2
         2                                                                                                      Q 025
                                                                                                                  2-
                                                                                                                Q 025
                                                                                                                  3-
                                                                                                                Q 02
                                                                                                                Q 025
                                                                                                                  1- 2
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                  4- 5
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                     2
    Q2-
    Q 02
      1-2
     3- 6
    Q 02
     2- 2
     4- 6
    Q 2620
    Q 0272
         2                                                                                                      Q 026
                                                                                                                  2-
                                                                                                                Q 026
                                                                                                                  3-
                                                                                                                Q 02
                                                                                                                  4- 6
                                                                                                                Q 026
                                                                                                                  1-
                                                                                                                Q 027
                                                                                                                  2- 2
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                     2
                                                                                                                     2
    Q 02
     3- 720 27                                                                                                  Q 027
                                                                                                                  3- 2
                                                                                                                     20 27
              Range of alternative scenarios (October 31, 2022)         Base scenario (October 31, 2022)                       Range of alternative scenarios (October 31, 2022)       Base scenario (October 31, 2022)
              Base scenario (October 31, 2021)                                                                                 Base scenario (October 31, 2021)
    (1) Represents the average quarterly unemployment level over the calendar quarters presented.                (1) Represents the average quarterly unemployment level over the calendar quarters presented.


•         Gross Domestic Product (GDP) – In our base forecast, we expect Canadian and U.S GDP growth to slow and for both regions
          to experience moderate recessions during the first half of calendar 2023. GDP in calendar Q4 2023 is expected to be 0.2%
          below Q4 2022 levels in Canada, and 0.4% below such levels in the U.S.

          Canada Real GDP (1)                                                                                            U.S. Real GDP (1)
    2.5    Trillions of Canadian dollars                                                                                   Trillions of U.S. dollars
                                                                                                                 22.5

    2.4                                                                                                          22.0

                                                                                                                 21.5
    2.3
                                                                                                                 21.0

    2.2                                                                                                          20.5

                                                                                                                 20.0
    2.1                                                                                                          19.5

                                                                                                                 19.0
    2.0
                                                                                                                 18.5

    1.9                                                                                                          18.0
     4-  2
     Q 021
       1-
    Q 022
      2-
    Q 022
      3-
    Q 2  22
         20
      4- 2                                                                                                                1- 21
                                                                                                                             2
                                                                                                                         Q 022
                                                                                                                          2- 2
                                                                                                                         Q 022
                                                                                                                          3- 2
                                                                                                                         Q 022
                                                                                                                          4-
    Q 022
      1-
    Q 23
      2-
    Q 023
      3- 2
         20
         2
         20                                                                                                                  2
                                                                                                                         Q 022
                                                                                                                          1-
                                                                                                                         Q 2 20
                                                                                                                          2- 3
                                                                                                                         Q 022
                                                                                                                          3- 3
                                                                                                                         Q 022
    Q 2
      4- 3
    Q 023
      1-
    Q 24
      2-
    Q 024
      3-
    Q 02
     4- 4
    Q 024
      1-
    Q 025
      2-
         2
         20
         2
         2
         2
         2                                                                                                              204- 3
                                                                                                                         Q 02
                                                                                                                          1- 3
                                                                                                                         Q 024
                                                                                                                          2-
                                                                                                                         Q 024
                                                                                                                          3-
                                                                                                                         Q 024
                                                                                                                          4- 2
                                                                                                                         Q 024
                                                                                                                          1-
                                                                                                                         Q 25
                                                                                                                          2-
                                                                                                                             2
                                                                                                                             2
                                                                                                                             2
                                                                                                                             2
                                                                                                                             20
                                                                                                                             2
    Q 025
     3-
    Q 02
     4- 5
    Q 025
      1-
    Q 026
      2-
    Q 026
      3-
    Q 02
         2
         2
         2
         2
         2
         2                                                                                                            4- Q 025
                                                                                                                          3-
                                                                                                                         Q 025
                                                                                                                          4- 2
                                                                                                                         Q 025
                                                                                                                          1- 2
                                                                                                                             2
                                                                                                                         Q 026
                                                                                                                          2- 2
                                                                                                                         Q 026
                                                                                                                          3- 2
                                                                                                                         Q 026
    Q 4- 6
    Q 026
      1-
    Q 027
      2-
    Q 027
      3- 2
         2
         2
         20 27                                                                                                    Q     Q 4-
                                                                                                                         Q 026
                                                                                                                          1-
                                                                                                                          2- 2
                                                                                                                             2
                                                                                                                         Q 027
                                                                                                                             2
                                                                                                                         Q 027
                                                                                                                          3- 20 27
              Range of alternative scenarios (October 31, 2022)          Base scenario (October 31, 2022)                      Range of alternative scenarios (October 31, 2022)      Base scenario (October 31, 2022)
              Base scenario (October 31, 2021)                                                                                 Base scenario (October 31, 2021)
    (1) Represents the seasonally adjusted annual rate indexed to 2012 Canadian dollars over the calendar         (1) Represents the seasonally adjusted annual rate indexed to 2012 U.S dollars over the calendar
        quarters presented.                                                                                           quarters presented.


•         Oil price (West Texas Intermediate in US$) – In our base forecast, we expect oil prices to average $88 per barrel over the
          next 12 months from calendar Q4 2022 and $72 per barrel in the following 2 to 5 years. The range of average prices in our
          alternative downside and upside scenarios is $29 to $114 per barrel for the next 12 months and $42 to $77 per barrel for the
          following 2 to 5 years. As at October 31, 2021, our base forecast included an average price of $71 per barrel for the next
          12 months and $56 per barrel for the following 2 to 5 years.
•         Canadian housing price index – In our base forecast, we expect housing prices to decrease by (1.0)% over the next
          12 months from calendar Q4 2022, with a compound annual growth rate of 5.2% for the following 2 to 5 years. The range of
          annual housing price growth (contraction) in our alternative real estate downside and upside scenarios is (30.0)% to 10.9%
          over the next 12 months and 4.2% to 9.5% for the following 2 to 5 years. As at October 31, 2021 our base forecast included
          housing price growth of 0.1% from calendar Q4 2021 for the next 12 months and 4.1% for the following 2 to 5 years.

The primary variables driving credit losses in our retail portfolios are Canadian unemployment rates, Canadian housing price
index and Canadian GDP. The Canadian overnight interest rate also impacts our retail portfolios. Our wholesale portfolios are
affected by all of the variables discussed above; however, the specific variables differ by sector. Other variables also impact our
wholesale portfolios including, but not limited to, Canadian and U.S. 10 year BBB corporate bond credit spreads, Canadian and
U.S. 10 year government bond yields, U.S. 10 year BBB corporate bond yield, Canadian consumer confidence index, Canadian and
U.S. commercial real estate price indices, U.S. housing price index, and natural gas prices (Henry Hub).
     Increases in the following macroeconomic variables will generally correlate with higher expected credit losses: Canadian
and U.S. unemployment rates, Canadian overnight interest rates, Canadian and U.S. 10 year BBB corporate bond credit spreads,
Canadian and U.S. 10 year government bond yields, and U.S. 10 year BBB corporate bond yield.
     Increases in the following macroeconomic variables will generally correlate with lower expected credit losses: Canadian and
U.S. housing price indices, Canadian and U.S. GDP, Canadian consumer confidence index, Canadian and U.S. commercial real
estate price indices, and oil and natural gas prices.


                                                                                                            Consolidated Financial Statements                  Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022              179
      Note 5 Loans and allowance for credit losses (continued)

Transfers between stages
Transfers between Stage 1 and Stage 2 are based on the assessment of significant increases in credit risk relative to initial
recognition, as described in Note 2. The impact of moving from 12 months expected credit losses to lifetime expected credit
losses, or vice versa, varies by product and is dependent on the expected remaining life at the date of the transfer. Stage
transfers may result in significant fluctuations in expected credit losses.
    The following table illustrates the impact of staging on our ACL by comparing our allowance if all performing loans were in
Stage 1 to the actual ACL recorded on these assets.

                                                                                                              As at

                                                                             October 31, 2022                                           October 31, 2021

                                                          ACL – All performing         Impact of   Stage 1 and 2      ACL – All performing      Impact of   Stage 1 and 2
                                                              loans in Stage 1           staging            ACL           loans in Stage 1        staging            ACL

Performing loans (1)                                               $   2,373       $       1,094   $    3,467                 $ 2,521        $ 1,125        $ 3,646
(1)     Represents loans and commitments in Stage 1 and Stage 2.




180       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     Consolidated Financial Statements
Credit risk exposure by internal risk rating
The following table presents the gross carrying amount of loans measured at amortized cost, and the full contractual amount of
undrawn loan commitments subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9. Risk ratings are based on internal ratings used in
the measurement of expected credit losses as at the reporting date, as outlined in the internal ratings maps for Wholesale and
Retail facilities in the Credit risk section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

                                                                                                                       As at
                                                                                October 31, 2022                                                  October 31, 2021

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                   Stage 1         Stage 2   Stage 3 (1)             Total             Stage 1      Stage 2   Stage 3 (1)           Total

Retail
  Loans outstanding – Residential
    mortgages
  Low risk                                               $ 340,716 $             2,573 $           – $ 343,289                 $ 310,334 $        1,507 $          – $ 311,841
  Medium risk                                               15,035               1,932             –    16,967                    15,152          2,051            –    17,203
  High risk                                                  1,188               3,125             –     4,313                     3,343            634            –     3,977
  Not rated (2)                                             51,915               1,304             –    53,219                    45,512            913            –    46,425
  Impaired                                                       –                   –           560       560                         –              –          645       645
                                                             408,854             8,934           560         418,348               374,341        5,105          645        380,091
      Items not subject to impairment (3)                                                                          448                                                            241
      Total                                                                                              $ 418,796                                                        $ 380,332
      Loans outstanding – Personal
      Low risk                                           $     73,339 $          2,575 $           – $         75,914          $    72,267 $        698 $          – $        72,965
      Medium risk                                               5,482            3,780             –            9,262                4,974        4,551            –           9,525
      High risk                                                   836            1,660             –            2,496                  687        1,045            –           1,732
      Not rated (2)                                             9,733              104             –            9,837                8,934           88            –           9,022
      Impaired                                                      –                –           200              200                    –            –          197             197
      Total                                              $     89,390 $          8,119 $         200 $         97,709          $    86,862 $      6,382 $        197 $        93,441
      Loans outstanding – Credit cards
      Low risk                                           $     15,088 $             83 $             – $       15,171          $    12,864 $         24 $            – $      12,888
      Medium risk                                               1,418            1,911               –          3,329                1,646        1,645              –         3,291
      High risk                                                    39            1,255               –          1,294                  136          937              –         1,073
      Not rated (2)                                               751               32               –            783                  527           43              –           570
      Total                                              $     17,296 $          3,281 $             – $       20,577          $    15,173 $      2,649 $            – $      17,822
      Loans outstanding – Small business
      Low risk                                           $       8,571 $           838 $           – $          9,409          $     8,609 $        274 $          – $          8,883
      Medium risk                                                1,512           1,130             –            2,642                1,583          979            –            2,562
      High risk                                                    102             375             –              477                  227          218            –              445
      Not rated (2)                                                  3               –             –                3                    4            –            –                4
      Impaired                                                       –               –           138              138                    –            –          109              109
      Total                                              $     10,188 $          2,343 $         138 $         12,669          $    10,423 $      1,471 $        109 $        12,003
      Undrawn loan commitments – Retail
      Low risk                                           $ 247,620 $             1,041 $             – $ 248,661               $ 229,516 $          574 $            – $ 230,090
      Medium risk                                            9,021                 246               –     9,267                   9,475            133              –     9,608
      High risk                                                876                 367               –     1,243                   1,205             97              –     1,302
      Not rated (2)                                          5,668                 118               –     5,786                   4,854             90              –     4,944
      Total                                              $ 263,185 $             1,772 $             – $ 264,957               $ 245,050 $          894 $            – $ 245,944
Wholesale – Loans outstanding
 Investment grade                                        $    88,513 $    202 $     – $ 88,715                                 $    62,975 $    226 $     – $ 63,201
 Non-investment grade                                        145,908   15,758       –  161,666                                     117,396   15,146       –  132,542
 Not rated (2)                                                11,789      360       –   12,149                                       9,339      430       –    9,769
 Impaired                                                          –        –   1,301    1,301                                           –        –   1,357    1,357
                                                             246,210           16,320          1,301         263,831               189,710       15,802        1,357        206,869
      Items not subject to impairment (3)                                                                      10,136                                                         11,197
      Total                                                                                              $ 273,967                                                        $ 218,066
      Undrawn loan commitments –
        Wholesale
      Investment grade                                   $ 284,481 $    179 $                        – $ 284,660               $ 246,539 $ 1,122 $                   – $ 247,661
      Non-investment grade                                 126,225   10,657                          –   136,882                 108,063  12,377                     –   120,440
      Not rated (2)                                          3,692        1                          –     3,693                   3,476       1                     –     3,477
      Total                                              $ 414,398 $ 10,837 $                        – $ 425,235               $ 358,078 $ 13,500 $                  – $ 371,578
(1)     As at October 31, 2022, 88% of credit-impaired loans were either fully or partially collateralized (October 31, 2021 – 86%). For details on the types of collateral held against
        credit-impaired assets and our policies on collateral, refer to the Credit risk mitigation section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis.
(2)     In certain cases where an internal risk rating is not assigned, we use other approved credit risk assessments or rating methodologies, policies and tools to manage our
        credit risk.
(3)     Items not subject to impairment are loans held at FVTPL.




                                                                                            Consolidated Financial Statements          Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       181
      Note 5 Loans and allowance for credit losses (continued)

Loans past due but not impaired (1), (2)
                                                                                                                      As at
                                                                                       October 31, 2022                                    October 31, 2021

                                                                                        90 days                                             90 days
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                        30 to 89 days and greater                  Total     30 to 89 days and greater               Total
Retail                                                                $         1,328 $              168 $ 1,496           $        1,105 $             137 $ 1,242
Wholesale                                                                       1,279                  2   1,281                    1,230                 –   1,230
                                                                      $         2,607 $              170 $ 2,777           $        2,335 $             137 $ 2,472
(1)     Excludes loans less than 30 days past due as they are not generally representative of the borrowers’ ability to meet their payment obligations.
(2)     Amounts presented may include loans past due as a result of administrative processes, such as mortgage loans on which payments are restrained pending payout due to
        sale or refinancing. Past due loans arising from administrative processes are not representative of the borrowers’ ability to meet their payment obligations.


      Note 6 Significant acquisition

Wealth Management
On September 27, 2022, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the issued share capital of Brewin Dolphin Holdings PLC (Brewin
Dolphin) via our subsidiary, RBC Wealth Management (Jersey) Holdings Limited. Brewin Dolphin provides discretionary wealth
management services in the U.K., Ireland and the Channel Islands. Brewin Dolphin’s business gives us a platform to significantly
transform our wealth management business in the U.K., Ireland and the Channel Islands, and provides us with the opportunity to
position the combined businesses as a premier integrated wealth management provider to private and institutional clients.
     Total consideration of £1,591 million ($2,341 million) as of the date of close consisted of £1,564 million ($2,302 million) in cash,
as well as amounts related to share based compensation. Based on the estimated fair values, our preliminary purchase price
allocation assigns $3,279 million to assets and $938 million to liabilities, including customer relationship intangible assets of
$1,292 million and goodwill of $913 million, which is allocated to our International Wealth Management and Global Asset
Management CGUs and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill reflects the expected synergies from the combined
businesses and the expected growth of the Wealth Management segment. The estimates for the fair values of the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed may be retroactively adjusted to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that
existed as at the acquisition date during the measurement period.
     The results of the acquisition have been consolidated from the date of close and included in our Wealth Management
segment.

      Note 7 Derecognition of financial assets

We enter into transactions in which we transfer financial assets such as loans or securities to structured entities or other third
parties. The majority of assets transferred under repurchase agreements, securities lending agreements, and in our Canadian
residential mortgage securitization transactions do not qualify for derecognition as we continue to be exposed to substantially
all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets, such as prepayment, credit, price, interest rate and foreign exchange risks.

Transferred financial assets derecognized
Government relief programs
To support our clients through unprecedented times due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we participated in government relief
programs in Canada and in the U.S.
    Under the Canadian Emergency Business Account program, we provided interest-free loans to existing eligible small
business clients funded by the Export Development Bank of Canada (EDC). As we do not retain substantially all of the risks and
rewards of the financial assets, and all cash flows are passed through to the EDC, these loans are not recognized on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets. The application window for the CEBA program closed on June 30, 2021.

Transferred financial assets not derecognized
Securitization of Canadian residential mortgage loans
We periodically securitize insured Canadian residential mortgage loans through the creation of MBS pools under the National
Housing Act MBS (NHA MBS) program. All loans securitized under the NHA MBS program are required to be insured by the
Canadian Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) or a third-party insurer. We require the borrower to pay for mortgage
insurance when the loan amount is greater than 80% of the original appraised value of the property (LTV ratio). For residential
mortgage loans securitized under this program with LTV ratios less than 80%, we are required to insure the mortgages at our own
expense. Under the NHA MBS program, we are responsible for making all payments due on our issued MBS, regardless of whether
we collect the necessary funds from the mortgagor or the insurer. When a borrower defaults on a mortgage, we submit a claim to
the insurer if the amount recovered from the collection or foreclosure process is lower than the sum of the principal balance,
accrued interest and collection costs on the outstanding loan. The insurance claim process is managed by the insurance provider
in accordance with the insurer’s policies and covers the entire unpaid loan balance plus generally up to 12 months of interest,
selling costs and other eligible expenses. If an insurance claim is denied, a loss is recognized in Provision for credit losses in our
Consolidated Statements of Income. The amount recorded as a loss is not significant to our Consolidated Financial Statements
and no significant losses were incurred due to legal action arising from mortgage defaults during 2022 and 2021.
     We sell the NHA MBS pools primarily to Canada Housing Trust, a government-sponsored structured entity under the Canada
Mortgage Bond (CMB) program. The entity periodically issues CMBs, which are guaranteed by the government, and sells them to
third-party investors. Proceeds of the CMB issuances are used by the entity to purchase the NHA MBS pools from eligible NHA
MBS issuers who participate in the issuance of a particular CMB series. Our continuing involvement includes servicing the
underlying residential mortgage loans we have securitized, either ourselves or through a third-party servicer. We also act as

182       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     Consolidated Financial Statements
counterparty in interest rate swap agreements where we pay the entity the interest due to CMB investors and receive the interest
on the underlying MBS and reinvested assets. As part of the swaps, we are also required to maintain a principal reinvestment
account for principal payments received on the underlying mortgage loans to meet the repayment obligation upon maturity of
the CMB. We reinvest the collected principal payments in permitted investments as outlined in the swap agreements.
    We have determined that certain of the NHA MBS program loans transferred to the entity do not qualify for derecognition as
we have not transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership. As a result, these transferred MBS continue to be
classified as residential mortgage loans and recognized on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The cash received for these
transferred MBS is treated as a secured borrowing and a corresponding liability is recorded in Deposits – Business and
government on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities loaned
We also enter into transactions such as repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements where we transfer assets under
agreements to repurchase them at a future date and retain substantially all of the risks and rewards associated with the assets. These
transferred assets remain on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and are accounted for as collateralized borrowing transactions.

The following table provides information on the carrying amount and fair value of the transferred assets that did not qualify for
derecognition, and their associated liabilities.

                                                                                                             As at
                                                                     October 31, 2022                                                   October 31, 2021

                                               Canadian         Securities                                         Canadian          Securities
                                             residential        sold under                                        residential       sold under
                                               mortgage        repurchase Securities                               mortgage        repurchase Securities
(Millions of Canadian dollars)               loans (1), (2) agreements (3) loaned (3)                   Total    loans (1), (2) agreements (3) loaned (3)                   Total
Carrying amount of transferred
  assets that do not qualify for
  derecognition                              $    32,812 $           258,615 $ 15,332 $ 306,759 $                     34,052 $          252,920 $          9,281 $ 296,253
Carrying amount of associated
  liabilities                                     32,177             258,615         15,332        306,124            33,769            252,920            9,281     295,970
Fair value of transferred assets             $    31,174 $           258,615 $ 15,332 $ 305,121 $                     34,142 $          252,920 $          9,281 $ 296,343
Fair value of associated
  liabilities                                     30,900             258,615         15,332        304,847            34,073            252,920            9,281     296,274
Fair value of net position                   $        274 $                   – $            – $         274 $              69 $                 – $           – $            69
(1)     Includes Canadian residential mortgage loans transferred primarily to Canada Housing Trust at the initial securitization and other permitted investments used for
        funding requirements after the initial securitization.
(2)     CMB investors have legal recourse only to the transferred assets, and do not have recourse to our general assets.
(3)     Does not include over-collateralization of assets pledged.


      Note 8 Structured entities

In the normal course of business, we engage in a variety of financial transactions with structured entities to support our
financing and investing needs as well as those of our clients. A structured entity is an entity in which voting or similar rights are
not the dominant factor in deciding control. Structured entities are generally created to achieve a narrow and well defined
objective with restrictions around their ongoing activities. We consolidate a structured entity when we control the entity in
accordance with our accounting policy as described in Note 2. In other cases, we may sponsor or have an interest in such an
entity but may not consolidate it.

Consolidated structured entities
We consolidate the following structured entities, whose assets and liabilities are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Third-party investors in these structured entities generally have recourse only to the assets of the related entity and do not have
recourse to our general assets unless we breach our contractual obligations to those entities. In the ordinary course of business,
the assets of each consolidated structured entity can generally only be used to settle the obligations of that entity.

RBC-administered multi-seller conduits
We generally do not maintain ownership in the multi-seller conduits that we administer and generally do not have rights to, or
control of, their assets. However, we issue asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) through a multi-seller conduit that does not
have an expected loss investor with substantive power to direct the significant operating activities of the conduit. This conduit is
consolidated because we have exposure to variability of returns from performance in the multi-seller arrangements through
providing transaction-specific and program-wide liquidity, credit and loan facilities to the conduit and have decision-making
power over the relevant activities. As of October 31, 2022, $1,826 million of financial assets held by the conduit was included in
Loans (October 31, 2021 – $1,076 million) and $1,284 million of ABCP issued by the conduit was included in Deposits (October 31,
2021 – $665 million) on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Credit card securitization vehicle
We securitize a portion of our credit card receivables through a structured entity on a revolving basis. The entity purchases
co-ownership interests in a pool of credit card receivables and issues senior and subordinated term notes collateralized by that
co-ownership interest in the underlying pool of credit card receivables. Investors who purchase the term notes have recourse
only to that co-ownership interest in the underlying pool of credit card receivables.
     We continue to service the credit card receivables and perform an administrative role for the entity. We also retain risk in
the underlying pool of credit card receivables through our retained interest in the transferred assets, the cash reserve balance
we fund from time to time, and also through certain subordinated notes which we retain. Additionally, we may own some senior
                                                                                        Consolidated Financial Statements      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        183
  Note 8 Structured entities (continued)

notes as investments or for market-making activities and we act as counterparty to interest rate and cross currency swap
agreements which hedge the entity’s interest rate and currency risk exposure.
    We consolidate the structured entity because we have decision-making power over the timing and size of future issuances
and other relevant activities which were predetermined by us at inception. We also obtain significant funding benefits and are
exposed to variability from the performance of the underlying credit card receivables through our retained interest. As at
October 31, 2022, $6 billion of notes issued by our credit card securitization vehicle were included in Deposits on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets (October 31, 2021 – $3 billion).

Collateralized commercial paper vehicle
We established a funding vehicle that provides loans to us and finances those loans by issuing commercial paper to third-party
investors. The structured entity’s commercial paper carries an equivalent credit rating to RBC because we are obligated to
advance funds to the entity in the event there are insufficient funds from other sources to settle maturing commercial paper. We
pledge collateral to secure the loans and are exposed to the market and credit risks of the pledged securities.
    We consolidate the structured entity because we have decision-making power over the relevant activities, are the sole
borrower from the structure, and are exposed to a majority of the residual ownership risks through the credit support provided.
As at October 31, 2022, $14 billion of commercial paper issued by the vehicle was included in Deposits on our Consolidated
Balance Sheets (October 31, 2021 – $13 billion).

Covered bonds
We periodically transfer mortgages to RBC Covered Bond Guarantor Limited Partnership (the Guarantor LP) to support funding
activities and asset coverage requirements under our covered bonds program. The Guarantor LP was created to guarantee
interest and principal payments under the covered bond program. The covered bonds guaranteed by the Guarantor LP are direct,
unsecured and unconditional obligations of RBC; therefore, investors have a claim against the Bank which will continue if the
covered bonds are not paid by the Bank and the mortgage assets in the Guarantor LP are insufficient to satisfy the obligations
owing on the covered bonds. We act as general partner, limited partner, swap counterparty, lender and liquidity provider to the
Guarantor LP, servicer for the underlying mortgages as well as the registered issuer of the covered bonds.
     We consolidate the Guarantor LP as we have the decision-making power over the relevant activities through our role as
general partner and are exposed to variability from the performance of the underlying mortgages. As at October 31, 2022, the
total amount of mortgages transferred and outstanding was $121 billion (October 31, 2021 – $80 billion) and $43 billion of covered
bonds were recorded as Deposits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets (October 31, 2021 – $37 billion).

Municipal bond TOB structures
We sell taxable and tax-exempt municipal bonds into Tender Option Bond (TOB) structures, which consist of a bond that is credit
enhanced by us and purchased by a TOB trust. The TOB trust finances the purchase from us by issuing floating-rate certificates to
short-term investors and a residual certificate that is purchased by us. We are the remarketing agent for the floating-rate
certificates and provide a liquidity facility to the short-term investors which requires us to purchase any certificates tendered but
not successfully remarketed. We credit enhance the bond purchased by the TOB trust with a letter of credit under which we are
required to extend funding if there are any losses on the underlying bonds. We earn interest on the residual certificate and
receive market-based fees for acting as remarketing agent and providing the liquidity facility and letter of credit.
     We consolidate the TOB trust when we are the holder of the residual certificate as we have decision-making power over the
relevant activities, including the selection of the underlying municipal bonds and the ability to terminate the structure, and are
exposed to variability from the performance of the underlying municipal bonds. As at October 31, 2022, $6 billion of municipal
bonds were included in Investment securities related to consolidated TOB structures (October 31, 2021 – $7 billion) and a
corresponding $7 billion of floating-rate certificates were included in Deposits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
(October 31, 2021 – $7 billion).

RBC managed investment funds
We are sponsors and investment managers of mutual and pooled funds, which give us the ability to direct the investment
decisions of the funds. We consolidate those mutual and pooled funds in which our interests, which include direct investment in
seed capital plus management or performance fees, indicate that we are acting as a principal. As at October 31, 2022, $524 million
of Trading securities held in the consolidated funds (October 31, 2021 – $514 million) and $363 million of Other liabilities
representing the fund units held by third parties (October 31, 2021 – $365 million) were recorded on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets.

Unconsolidated structured entities
We have interests in certain structured entities that we do not consolidate but have recorded assets and liabilities on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets related to our transactions and involvement with these entities.




184   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
    The following table presents the assets and liabilities recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and our maximum
exposure to loss related to our interests in unconsolidated structured entities. It also presents the size of each class of
unconsolidated structured entity, as measured by the total assets of the entities in which we have an interest.

                                                                                                                As at October 31, 2022
                                                                                                               Non-RBC
                                                                                                               managed    Third-party
                                                                       Multi-seller         Structured       investment securitization
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                         conduits (1)            finance            funds      vehicles                Other                 Total
On-balance sheet assets
 Securities                                                           $         255 $              – $           3,089 $               – $           595 $            3,939
 Loans                                                                            –            5,334                 –             8,494           2,487             16,315
 Derivatives                                                                     25                –                 –                 –             100                125
 Other assets                                                                     –                6                 –                 –             568                574
                                                                      $         280 $          5,340 $           3,089 $           8,494 $         3,750 $           20,953
On-balance sheet liabilities
 Derivatives                                                          $         171 $                 – $              – $                 – $           – $               171
                                                                      $         171 $                 – $              – $                 – $           – $               171
Maximum exposure to loss (2)                                          $ 48,260 $               8,658 $           3,758 $         14,339 $          5,523 $           80,538
Total assets of unconsolidated structured entities                    $ 47,289 $ 26,543 $ 548,320 $                              64,361 $ 554,573 $ 1,241,086


                                                                                                                  As at October 31, 2021
                                                                                                               Non-RBC
                                                                                                               managed         Third-party
                                                                          Multi-seller      Structured       investment      securitization
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                            conduits (1)         finance            funds           vehicles           Other                 Total
On-balance sheet assets
 Securities                                                           $           12 $              – $           3,047 $              – $            537 $            3,596
 Loans                                                                             –            4,569                 –            6,855            1,453             12,877
 Derivatives                                                                      17                –                 –                –              108                125
 Other assets                                                                      –               27                 –                –              363                390
                                                                      $           29 $          4,596 $           3,047 $          6,855 $          2,461 $           16,988
On-balance sheet liabilities
 Derivatives                                                          $           93 $                – $              – $                 – $           – $                 93
                                                                      $           93 $                – $              – $                 – $           – $                 93
Maximum exposure to loss (2)                                          $      40,893 $           8,361 $           3,651 $         12,214 $          4,057 $           69,176
Total assets of unconsolidated structured entities                    $      40,074 $ 19,881 $ 506,699 $                          80,458 $ 392,348 $              1,039,460
(1)   Total assets of unconsolidated structured entities represent the maximum assets that may have to be purchased by the conduits under purchase commitments
      outstanding. Of the purchase commitments outstanding, the conduits have purchased financial assets totalling $32 billion as at October 31, 2022 (October 31, 2021 –
      $25 billion).
(2)   The maximum exposure to loss resulting from our interests in these entities consists mostly of investments, loans, fair value of derivatives, liquidity and credit
      enhancement facilities. The maximum exposure to loss of the multi-seller conduits is higher than the on-balance sheet assets primarily because of the notional amounts
      of the backstop liquidity and credit enhancement facilities. Refer to Note 24.


Below is a description of our involvement with each significant class of unconsolidated structured entity.

Multi-seller conduits
We administer multi-seller ABCP conduit programs. Multi-seller conduits primarily purchase financial assets from clients and
finance those purchases by issuing ABCP.
     In certain multi-seller conduit arrangements, we do not maintain any ownership of the multi-seller conduits that we
administer and have no rights to, or control of, its assets. As the administrative agent, we earn a residual fee for providing
services such as coordinating funding activities, transaction structuring, documentation, execution and monitoring. The ABCP
issued by each multi-seller conduit is in the conduit’s own name with recourse to the financial assets owned by the multi-seller
conduit, and is non-recourse to us except through our participation in liquidity and/or credit enhancement facilities.
     We provide transaction-specific and program-wide liquidity facilities to the multi-seller conduits. In addition, we provide
program-wide credit enhancement to the multi-seller conduits which obligate us to purchase assets or advance funds in the
event the multi-seller conduit does not otherwise have funds from other sources, such as from the liquidity facilities, to settle
maturing ABCP. In some cases, we or another third party may provide transaction-specific credit enhancement which can take
various forms. We receive market-based fees for providing these liquidity and credit facilities.
     For certain transactions, we act as counterparty to various hedging contracts to facilitate our clients’ securitization of fixed
rate and/or foreign currency denominated assets through the conduits. These may take the form of forward contracts, interest
rate swaps or cross currency swaps. These derivatives expose us to foreign exchange and interest rate risks that are centrally
managed by our foreign exchange trading and swap desks, respectively, and credit risk on the underlying assets that is mitigated
by the credit enhancement described below.
     Each transaction is structured with transaction-specific first loss protection provided by the third-party seller. This
enhancement can take various forms, including but not limited to overcollateralization, excess spread, subordinated classes of
financial assets, guarantees or letters of credit. The amount of this enhancement varies but is generally designed to cover a
multiple of historical losses.


                                                                                         Consolidated Financial Statements      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      185
      Note 8 Structured entities (continued)

      An unrelated third party (expected loss investor) absorbs losses, up to a maximum contractual amount, that may occur in
the future on the assets in the multi-seller conduits before the multi-seller conduits’ debt holders and us. In return for assuming
this multi-seller conduit first-loss position, each multi-seller conduit pays the expected loss investor a return commensurate with
its risk position. The expected loss investor has substantive power to direct the majority of the activities which significantly
impact the conduit’s economic performance, including initial selection and approval of the asset purchase commitments and
liquidity facilities, approval of renewal and amendment of these transactions and facilities, sale or transfer of assets, ongoing
monitoring of asset performance, mitigation of losses, and management of the ABCP liabilities.
      We do not consolidate these multi-seller conduits as we do not control the conduits as noted above.

Structured finance
We participate in certain municipal bond TOB structures that we do not consolidate. These structures are similar to those
consolidated municipal bond TOB structures described above; however, the residual certificates are held by third parties. We provide
liquidity facilities for the benefit of floating-rate certificate holders which may be drawn if certificates are tendered but not able to be
remarketed. For a portion of these trusts, we also provide a letter of credit for the underlying bonds held in the trust. We do not have
decision-making power over the relevant activities of the structures; therefore, we do not consolidate these structures.
     We provide senior warehouse financing to unaffiliated structured entities that are established by third parties to acquire
loans for the purposes of issuing a term collateralized loan obligation (CLO) transaction. Subordinated financing is provided
during the warehouse phase by either the collateral manager or third-party investors. Subordinated financing serves as the first
loss tranche which absorbs losses prior to ourselves as the senior lender. We act as the arranger and placement agent for the
term CLO transaction. Proceeds from the sale of the term CLO are used to repay our senior warehouse financing, at which point
we have no further involvement with the transaction. We do not consolidate these CLO structures as we do not have decision-
making power over the relevant activities of the entity, which include the initial selection and subsequent management of the
underlying debt portfolio.
     We provide senior financing to unaffiliated structured entities that are established by third parties to acquire loans.
Subordinated financing is provided by either the collateral manager or third-party investors. Subordinated financing serves as
the first loss tranche which absorbs losses prior to ourselves as the senior lender. These facilities tend to be longer in term than
the CLO warehouse facilities and benefit from credit enhancement generally designed to cover a multiple of historical losses. We
do not consolidate these structures as we do not have decision making power over the relevant activities of the entity, which
include the initial selection and subsequent management of the underlying debt portfolio.

Non-RBC managed investment funds
We enter into fee-based equity derivative transactions with third parties including mutual funds, unit investment trusts and other
investment funds. These transactions provide their investors with the desired exposure to reference funds, and we economically
hedge our exposure to these derivatives by investing in those reference funds. We also act as custodian for several funds. We do
not consolidate those reference funds that are managed by third parties as we do not have power to direct their investing
activities.
     We provide liquidity facilities to certain third-party investment funds. The funds issue unsecured variable-rate preferred
shares and invest in portfolios of tax-exempt municipal bonds. Undrawn liquidity commitments expose us to the liquidity risk of
the preferred shares and drawn commitments expose us to the credit risk of the underlying municipal bonds. We do not
consolidate these third-party managed funds as we do not have power to direct their investing activities.

Third-party securitization vehicles
We hold interests in securitization vehicles that provide funding to certain third parties on whose behalf the entities were created. The
activities of these entities are limited to the purchase and sale of specified financial assets from the sponsor. We, as well as other
financial institutions, are obligated to provide funding up to our maximum commitment level and are exposed to credit losses on the
underlying assets after various credit enhancements. Enhancements can take various forms, including but not limited to
overcollateralization, excess spread, subordinated classes of financial assets, guarantees or letters of credit. The amount of this
enhancement varies but is generally designed to cover a multiple of historical losses. We do not consolidate these entities as we do
not have decision-making power over the relevant activities, including the entities’ investing and financing activities.

Other
Other unconsolidated structured entities include managed investment funds, credit investment products and tax credit funds.
     We are sponsors and investment managers of mutual and pooled funds, which gives us the ability to direct the investment
decisions of the funds. We do not consolidate those mutual and pooled funds if we exercise our decision-making power as an
agent on behalf of other unit holders.
     We use structured entities to generally transform credit derivatives into cash instruments, to distribute credit risk and to
create customized credit products to meet investors’ specific requirements. We enter into derivative contracts, including credit
derivatives, to purchase protection from these entities (credit protection) and convert various risk factors such as yield, currency
or credit risk of underlying assets to meet the needs of the investors. We act as sole arranger and swap provider for certain
entities and, in some cases, fulfill other administrative functions for the entities. We do not consolidate these credit investment
product entities as we do not have decision-making power over the relevant activities, which include selection of the collateral
and reference portfolio, and are not exposed to a majority of the benefits or risks of the entities.
     We created certain funds to pass through tax credits received from underlying low-income housing, historic rehabilitation
real estate projects to third parties, new market tax credits or renewable energy tax credits to third parties (tax credit funds). We
are sponsors of the tax credit funds as a result of our responsibility to manage the funds, arrange the financing, and perform the
administrative duties of these tax credit funds. We do not consolidate the tax credit funds as the third-party investors in these
funds have the decision-making power to select the underlying investments and are exposed to the majority of the residual
ownership and tax risks of the funds.
     We also purchase passive interests in renewable energy tax credit entities created and controlled by third parties. We do not
consolidate these third-party funds as we do not have decision-making power over the relevant activities and our investments
are managed as part of larger portfolios which are held for trading purposes.
186       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
Other interests in unconsolidated structured entities
In the normal course of business, we buy and sell passive interests in certain third-party structured entities, including mutual
funds, exchange traded funds, and government-sponsored ABS vehicles. Our investments in these entities are managed as part of
larger portfolios which are held for trading, liquidity or hedging purposes. We did not create or sponsor these entities and do not
have any decision-making power over their ongoing activities. Our maximum exposure to loss is limited to our on-balance sheet
investments in these entities, which are not included in the table above. As at October 31, 2022 and 2021, our investments in these
entities were included in Trading and Investment securities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 3 and Note 4 for
further details on our Trading and Investment securities.

Sponsored entities
We are a sponsor of certain structured entities in which we have interests but do not consolidate. In determining whether we are
a sponsor of a structured entity, we consider both qualitative and quantitative factors, including the purpose and nature of the
entity, our initial and continuing involvement and whether we hold subordinated interests in the entity. We are considered to be
the sponsor of certain credit investment products, tax credit entities, RBC managed mutual funds and a commercial mortgage
securitization vehicle. During the year ended October 31, 2022, we transferred commercial mortgages with a carrying amount of
$450 million (October 31, 2021 – $nil) to a sponsored securitization vehicle in which we did not have any interests as at the end of
the reporting period.

Financial support provided to structured entities
During the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, we have not provided any financial or non-financial support to any
consolidated or unconsolidated structured entities when we were not contractually obligated to do so. Furthermore, we have no
intention to provide such support in the future.

  Note 9 Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities

Derivative instruments are categorized as either financial or non-financial derivatives. Financial derivatives are financial
contracts whose value is derived from an underlying interest rate, foreign exchange rate, credit risk, and equity or equity index.
Non-financial derivatives are contracts whose value is derived from a precious metal, commodity instrument or index. The
notional amount of derivatives represents the contract amount used as a reference point to calculate payments. Notional
amounts are generally not exchanged by counterparties, and do not reflect our EAD.

Financial derivatives
Forwards and futures
Forward contracts are non-standardized agreements that are transacted between counterparties in the OTC market, whereas
futures are standardized contracts with respect to amounts and settlement dates, and are traded on regular futures exchanges.
Examples of forwards and futures are described below.
     Interest rate forwards (forward rate agreements) and futures are contractual obligations to buy or sell an interest-rate
sensitive financial instrument on a predetermined future date at a specified price.
     Foreign exchange forwards and futures are contractual obligations to exchange one currency for another at a specified price
for settlement at a predetermined future date.
     Equity forwards and futures are contractual obligations to buy or sell at a fixed value (the specified price) of an equity index,
a basket of stocks or a single stock at a predetermined future date.

Swaps
Swaps are OTC contracts in which two counterparties exchange a series of cash flows based on agreed upon rates applied to a
notional amount. Examples of swap agreements are described below.
     Interest rate swaps are agreements where two counterparties exchange a series of payments based on different interest
rates applied to a notional amount in a single currency. Certain interest rate swaps are transacted and settled through clearing
houses which act as central counterparties. Cross currency swaps involve the exchange of fixed payments in one currency for the
receipt of fixed payments in another currency. Cross currency interest rate swaps involve the exchange of both interest and
notional amounts in two different currencies.
     Equity swaps are contracts in which one counterparty agrees to pay or receive from the other cash flows based on changes
in the value of an equity index, a basket of stocks or a single stock.

Options
Options are contractual agreements under which the seller (writer) grants the purchaser the right, but not the obligation, either
to buy (call option) or sell (put option) a security, exchange rate, interest rate, or other financial instrument or commodity at a
specified price, at or by a predetermined future date. The seller (writer) of an option can also settle the contract by paying the
cash settlement value of the purchaser’s right. The seller (writer) receives a premium from the purchaser for this right. The
various option agreements that we enter into include but are not limited to interest rate options, foreign currency options, equity
options and index options.

Credit derivatives
Credit derivatives are OTC contracts that transfer credit risk related to an underlying financial instrument (referenced asset)
from one counterparty to another. Credit derivatives include credit default swaps, credit default baskets and total return swaps.
     Credit default swaps provide protection against the decline in the value of the referenced asset as a result of specified credit
events such as default or bankruptcy. They are similar in structure to an option, whereby the purchaser pays a premium to the
seller of the credit default swap in return for payment contingent on a credit event affecting the referenced asset.
     Credit default baskets are similar to credit default swaps except that the underlying referenced financial instrument is a
group of assets instead of a single asset.


                                                                  Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   187
      Note 9 Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities (continued)

    Total return swaps are contracts where one counterparty agrees to pay or receive from the other cash amounts based on
changes in the value of a referenced asset or group of assets, including any returns such as interest earned on these assets, in
exchange for amounts that are based on prevailing market funding rates.

Other derivative products
Other contracts are stable value and equity derivative contracts.

Non-financial derivatives
Other contracts also include non-financial derivative products such as precious metal and commodity derivative contracts in
both the OTC and exchange markets.

Derivatives issued for trading purposes
Most of our derivative transactions relate to client-driven sales and trading activities, and associated market risk hedging. Sales
activities include the structuring and marketing of derivative products to clients, enabling them to modify or reduce risks. Trading
involves market-making, positioning and arbitrage activities. Market-making involves quoting bid and offer prices to other
market participants with the intention of generating revenue based on spread and volume. Positioning involves the active
management of derivative transactions with the expectation of profiting from favourable movements in prices, rates, or indices.
Arbitrage activities involve identifying and profiting from price differentials between markets and product types. Any realized and
unrealized gains or losses on derivatives used for trading purposes are recognized immediately in Non-interest income – Trading
revenue.

Derivatives issued for other-than-trading purposes
We also use derivatives for purposes other than trading, primarily for hedging, in conjunction with the management of interest
rate, credit, equity and foreign exchange risk related to our funding, lending, investment activities and asset/liability
management.
     Interest rate swaps are used to manage our exposure to interest rate risk by modifying the repricing or maturity
characteristics of existing and/or forecasted assets and liabilities, including funding and investment activities. Purchased options
are used to hedge redeemable deposits and other options embedded in consumer products. We manage our exposure to foreign
currency risk with cross currency swaps and foreign exchange forward contracts. We predominantly use credit derivatives to
manage our credit exposures. We mitigate industry sector concentrations and single-name exposures related to our credit
portfolio by purchasing credit derivatives to transfer credit risk to third parties.
     Certain derivatives and cash instruments are specifically designated and qualify for hedge accounting. From time to time, we
also enter into derivative transactions to economically hedge certain exposures that do not otherwise qualify for hedge
accounting, or where hedge accounting is not considered economically feasible to implement. In such circumstances, changes in
fair value are reflected in Other income in Non-interest income.

Notional amount of derivatives by term to maturity (absolute amounts) (1)
                                                                                                       As at October 31, 2022
                                                                                           Term to maturity
                                                                         Within           1 through         Over                                    Other than
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                           1 year              5 years     5 years                Total     Trading      Trading
Over-the-counter contracts
  Interest rate contracts
    Forward rate agreements                                     $     763,398 $    44,188 $     353 $  807,939 $  806,576 $   1,363
    Swaps                                                           4,994,006   6,934,996 4,781,148 16,710,150 16,001,414   708,736
    Options purchased                                                 100,504     577,780   151,084    829,368    829,368         –
    Options written                                                   108,770     556,652   182,841    848,263    848,263         –
  Foreign exchange contracts
    Forward contracts                                               2,187,124               86,136       2,648         2,275,908        2,230,901      45,007
    Cross currency swaps                                               87,942               67,345      82,659           237,946          233,617       4,329
    Cross currency interest rate swaps                                518,244            1,572,490     879,541         2,970,275        2,918,063      52,212
    Options purchased                                                  58,075               18,061       3,199            79,335           79,335           –
    Options written                                                    62,266               16,623       3,274            82,163           82,163           –
  Credit derivatives (2)                                                1,143               35,621       6,751            43,515           42,785         730
  Other contracts (3)                                                 228,709               93,431      19,392           341,532          327,860      13,672
Exchange-traded contracts
  Interest rate contracts
    Futures – long positions                                          148,032              50,869              –         198,901         197,251        1,650
    Futures – short positions                                         233,941              98,763             65         332,769         332,320          449
    Options purchased                                                  56,353              12,173              –          68,526          68,526            –
    Options written                                                    16,394               6,168              –          22,562          22,562            –
  Foreign exchange contracts
    Futures – long positions                                              164                   –             –              164             164            –
  Other contracts                                                     539,103              89,147         2,094          630,344         630,344            –
                                                                $10,104,168 $10,260,443 $6,115,049 $26,479,660 $25,651,512 $ 828,148




188       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    As at October 31, 2021
                                                                                                   Term to maturity
                                                                                 Within         1 through               Over                                                Other than
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                   1 year            5 years           5 years                 Total               Trading       Trading
Over-the-counter contracts
  Interest rate contracts
    Forward rate agreements                                              $     866,704 $ 161,835 $       158 $ 1,028,697 $ 1,015,263 $ 13,434
    Swaps                                                                    3,936,638  6,559,032  4,268,243   14,763,913  14,259,757  504,156
    Options purchased                                                          266,798    312,149    185,547      764,494     764,494        –
    Options written                                                            271,000    309,540    203,665      784,205     784,205        –
  Foreign exchange contracts
    Forward contracts                                                        1,730,712           56,335              2,491             1,789,538             1,753,075           36,463
    Cross currency swaps                                                        82,316           57,968             72,864               213,148               204,789            8,359
    Cross currency interest rate swaps                                         439,169        1,193,669            776,062             2,408,900             2,376,225           32,675
    Options purchased                                                           46,060           16,097              3,059                65,216                65,216                –
    Options written                                                             53,342           16,122              3,060                72,524                72,524                –
  Credit derivatives (2)                                                         1,027           35,759              6,125                42,911                42,428              483
  Other contracts (3)                                                          218,270           98,850             20,757               337,877               325,226           12,651
Exchange-traded contracts
  Interest rate contracts
    Futures – long positions                                                  110,285            148,262                 333            258,880                  256,020          2,860
    Futures – short positions                                                 173,039             97,364                 126            270,529                  270,129            400
    Options purchased                                                          28,071             15,250                   –             43,321                   43,321              –
    Options written                                                            22,272              1,300                   –             23,572                   23,572              –
  Foreign exchange contracts
    Futures – long positions                                                      129                  –                  –                 129                      129              –
  Other contracts                                                             391,339             84,135              1,175             476,649                  476,649              –
                                                                         $ 8,637,171 $ 9,163,667 $ 5,543,665 $ 23,344,503 $ 22,733,022 $ 611,481
(1)     The derivative notional amounts are determined using the standardized approach for measuring counterparty credit risk (SA-CCR) in accordance with the Capital
        Adequacy Requirements (CAR).
(2)     Credit derivatives with a notional value of $1 billion (October 31, 2021 – $1 billion) are economic hedges. Trading credit derivatives comprise protection purchased of
        $26 billion (October 31, 2021 – $25 billion) and protection sold of $17 billion (October 31, 2021 – $17 billion).
(3)     Other contracts exclude loan underwriting commitments of $6 billion (October 31, 2021 – $9 billion), which are not classified as derivatives under CAR guidelines.

Fair value of derivative instruments (1)
                                                                                                                                                     As at
                                                                                                                        October 31, 2022                           October 31, 2021
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                       Positive           Negative                 Positive      Negative
Held or issued for trading purposes
 Interest rate contracts
    Forward rate agreements                                                                                    $         77        $         25              $       10 $     11
    Swaps                                                                                                            25,690              21,608                  28,400   23,136
    Options purchased                                                                                                12,056                   –                   4,580        –
    Options written                                                                                                       –              12,201                       –    5,258
                                                                                                                     37,823              33,834                  32,990   28,405
      Foreign exchange contracts
        Forward contracts                                                                                           37,734               37,631                  11,404         11,515
        Cross currency swaps                                                                                         8,680                9,087                   4,469          4,929
        Cross currency interest rate swaps                                                                          49,758               38,230                  23,208         22,382
        Options purchased                                                                                            2,623                    –                   1,021              –
        Options written                                                                                                  –                2,571                       –            978
                                                                                                                    98,795               87,519                  40,102         39,804
      Credit derivatives                                                                                               388                  125                      34            115
      Other contracts                                                                                               18,474               21,084                  20,827         21,253
                                                                                                                   155,480              142,562                  93,953         89,577
Held or issued for other-than-trading purposes
 Interest rate contracts
    Swaps                                                                                                              2,244                 6,880                1,187           1,116
                                                                                                                       2,244                 6,880                1,187           1,116
      Foreign exchange contracts
        Forward contracts                                                                                            268       237                                305      260
        Cross currency swaps                                                                                           –        22                                 32        –
        Cross currency interest rate swaps                                                                           374     6,677                                859      447
                                                                                                                     642     6,936                              1,196      707
      Credit derivatives                                                                                               –         –                                  –        5
      Other contracts                                                                                                313       273                                329      321
                                                                                                                   3,199    14,089                              2,712    2,149
Total gross fair values before:                                                                                  158,679   156,651                             96,665   91,726
  Valuation adjustments determined on a pooled basis                                                              (2,055)     (975)                              (810)      27
  Impact of netting agreements that qualify for balance sheet offset                                              (2,185)   (2,185)                              (314)    (314)
                                                                                                               $ 154,439 $ 153,491                           $ 95,541 $ 91,439
(1)     The fair value reflects the impact of the election to characterize the daily variation margin as settlement of the related derivative fair values as permitted by certain
        central counterparties.

                                                                                           Consolidated Financial Statements       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022           189
      Note 9 Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities (continued)

Fair value of derivative instruments by term to maturity (1)
                                                                                                                           As at
                                                                                     October 31, 2022                                             October 31, 2021
                                                                    Less than     1 through         Over                           Less than   1 through          Over
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                         1 year        5 years     5 years              Total           1 year      5 years      5 years           Total
Derivative assets                                                $ 56,050         56,792 41,597 $ 154,439                       $ 27,771        28,029 39,741 $ 95,541
Derivative liabilities                                             58,504         54,361 40,626   153,491                         26,766        27,938 36,735   91,439
(1)     The fair value reflects the impact of the election to characterize the daily variation margin as settlement of the related derivative fair values as permitted by certain
        central counterparties.


Interest rate benchmark reform (1)
We use interest rate contracts in fair value hedges and cash flow hedges to manage our exposure to interest rate risk of our
existing and/or forecast assets and liabilities. We also use foreign denominated deposit liabilities in net investment hedges to
manage the foreign exchange risk arising from our investments in foreign operations. The hedging instruments designated to
manage these risks reference IBORs in multiple jurisdictions and will be affected by the Reform as the markets transition to ABRs
as discussed in Note 2.
     The following table presents the notional or principal amount of our hedging instruments which reference IBORs that will be
affected by the Reform as discussed in Note 2. The notional or principal amounts of our hedging instruments also approximates
the extent of the risk exposure we manage through hedging relationships:

                                                                                                                                                            As at
                                                                                                                                       October 31, 2022              October 31, 2021
                                                                                                                                      Notional/Principal            Notional/Principal
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                 amounts                       amounts
Interest rate contracts
  USD LIBOR                                                                                                                           $         40,208              $        38,730
  GBP LIBOR                                                                                                                                          –                          290
  CDOR                                                                                                                                         114,159                       76,931
Total Return Swaps
  CDOR                                                                                                                                                801                        390
Non-derivative instruments
  USD LIBOR                                                                                                                                           237                        215
                                                                                                                                      $        155,405              $       116,556
(1)     Excludes interest rate contracts and non-derivative instruments which reference rates in multi-rate jurisdictions, including EURO Interbank Offered Rate and Australian
        Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW).


Derivative-related credit risk
Credit risk from derivative transactions is generated by the potential for the counterparty to default on its contractual
obligations when one or more transactions have a positive market value to us. Therefore, derivative-related credit risk is
represented by the positive fair value of the instrument and is normally a small fraction of the contract’s notional amount.
     We subject our derivative transactions to the same credit approval, limit and monitoring standards that we use for managing
other transactions that create credit exposure. This includes evaluating the creditworthiness of counterparties, and managing
the size, diversification and maturity structure of the portfolio. Credit utilization for all products is compared with established
limits on a continual basis and is subject to a standard exception reporting process. We use a single internal rating system for all
credit risk exposure, as outlined in the internal ratings maps in the Credit risk section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis.
     Offsetting is a technique that can reduce credit exposure from derivatives and is generally facilitated through the use of
master netting agreements and achieved when specific criteria are met in accordance with our accounting policy in Note 2. A
master netting agreement provides for a single net settlement of all financial instruments covered by the agreement in the event
of default. However, credit risk is reduced only to the extent that our financial obligations to the same counterparty can be set off
against obligations of the counterparty to us. We maximize the use of master netting agreements to reduce derivative-related
credit exposure. Our overall exposure to credit risk that is reduced through master netting agreements may change substantially
following the reporting date as the exposure is affected by each transaction subject to the agreement as well as by changes in
underlying market rates. Measurement of our credit exposure arising out of derivative transactions is reduced to reflect the
effects of netting in cases where the enforceability of that netting is supported by appropriate legal analysis as documented in
our trading credit risk policies.
     The use of collateral is another significant credit mitigation technique for managing derivative-related counterparty credit
risk. Mark-to-market provisions in our agreements with some counterparties, typically in the form of a Credit Support Annex,
provide us with the right to request that the counterparty pay down or collateralize the current market value of its derivatives
positions when the value exceeds a specified threshold amount.
     Replacement cost and credit equivalent amounts are determined in accordance with OSFI’s non-modelled regulatory SA-CCR
under the CAR guidelines. The replacement cost represents the total fair value of all outstanding contracts in a gain position after
factoring in the master netting agreements and applicable margins, scaled by a regulatory factor. The credit equivalent amount
is defined as the replacement cost plus an additional amount for potential future credit exposure also scaled by a regulatory
factor. The risk-weighted equivalent is determined by applying appropriate risk-weights to the credit equivalent amount,
including those risk weights reflective of model approval under the internal ratings based approach.




190        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Consolidated Financial Statements
Derivative-related credit risk (1)
                                                                                                                          As at
                                                                                        October 31, 2022                                           October 31, 2021
                                                                                               Credit                                                     Credit
                                                                     Replacement           equivalent       Risk-weighted         Replacement         equivalent      Risk-weighted
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                              cost             amount         equivalent (2)               cost           amount        equivalent (2)
Over-the-counter contracts
  Interest rate contracts
    Forward rate agreements                                          $           46       $        76        $         5          $           9      $         64      $        20
    Swaps                                                                     9,699            21,698              5,187                  4,519            16,203            4,569
    Options purchased                                                           108               426                119                    113               403              187
    Options written                                                              15               543                164                     23               415              141
  Foreign exchange contracts
    Forward contracts                                                      8,772               29,565              5,940                  3,085            19,097           4,232
    Swaps                                                                  6,072               22,188              4,556                  2,621            16,484           4,092
    Options purchased                                                        536                1,111                340                    177               510             145
    Options written                                                           28                  313                 86                      2               196              43
  Credit derivatives                                                         299                  766                114                    913             2,234             213
  Other contracts                                                          5,196               20,457              7,520                  7,668            26,567          10,480
Exchange-traded contracts                                                 11,098               19,870                397                  1,814             6,218             124
                                                                     $    41,869          $117,013           $ 24,428             $     20,944       $ 88,391          $ 24,246
(1)   The amounts presented are net of master netting agreements in accordance with CAR guidelines.
(2)   The risk-weighted balances are calculated in accordance with CAR guidelines and exclude CVA of $16 billion (October 31, 2021 – $18 billion).


Replacement cost of derivative instruments by risk rating and by counterparty type
                                                                                                      As at October 31, 2022
                                                                     Risk rating (1)                                                  Counterparty type (2)
                                                                                                                  OECD
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                       AAA, AA       A      BBB BB or lower     Total   Banks governments    Other      Total
Gross positive fair values                         $ 39,001 $ 72,983 $ 29,690 $   17,005 $ 158,679 $ 73,616 $    22,727 $ 62,336 $ 158,679
Impact of master netting agreements and
  applicable margins                                   21,552      62,614       21,818           10,826       116,810        71,582             22,597        22,631       116,810
Replacement cost (after netting
  agreements)                                      $ 17,449 $ 10,369 $           7,872 $           6,179 $       41,869 $     2,034 $               130 $ 39,705 $          41,869


                                                                                                       As at October 31, 2021
                                                                      Risk rating (1)                                                 Counterparty type (2)
                                                                                                                                                 OECD
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                         AAA, AA            A         BBB       BB or lower         Total       Banks        governments         Other          Total
Gross positive fair values                         $ 22,801 $ 37,938 $ 16,333 $                   19,593 $       96,665 $ 42,361 $                15,964 $ 38,340 $          96,665
Impact of master netting agreements and
  applicable margins                                   20,545      33,257        12,050            9,869         75,721      41,554               15,731      18,436         75,721
Replacement cost (after netting
  agreements)                                      $    2,256 $      4,681 $      4,283 $          9,724 $       20,944 $         807 $             233 $ 19,904 $           20,944

(1)   Our internal risk ratings of AAA, AA, A and BBB represent investment grade ratings and ratings of BB or lower represent non-investment grade ratings, as outlined in the
      internal ratings maps in the Credit risk section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis.
(2)   Counterparty type is defined in accordance with CAR guidelines.


Derivatives in hedging relationships
We apply hedge accounting to minimize volatility in earnings and capital caused by changes in interest rates or foreign exchange
rates. Interest rate and currency fluctuations will either cause assets and liabilities to appreciate or depreciate in market value
or cause variability in forecasted cash flows. When a hedging relationship is effective, gains, losses, revenue and expenses of the
hedging instrument will offset the gains, losses, revenue and expenses of the hedged item.
     Derivatives used in hedging relationships are recorded in Other Assets – Derivatives or Other Liabilities – Derivatives on the
Balance Sheet. Foreign currency-denominated liabilities used in net investment hedging relationships are recorded in Deposits –
Business and Government and Subordinated debentures on the Balance Sheet. Gains and losses relating to hedging
ineffectiveness is recorded in Non-Interest income and amounts reclassified from hedge reserves in OCI to income is recorded in
Net-interest income for cash flow hedges and Non-interest income for net Investment hedges.
     We assess and measure the effectiveness of a hedging relationship based on the change in the fair value or cash flows of the
derivative hedging instrument relative to the change in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged
risk. When cash instruments are designated as hedges of foreign exchange risks, only changes in their value due to foreign
exchange risk are included in the assessment and measurement of hedge effectiveness.
Potential sources of ineffectiveness can be attributed to differences between hedging instruments and hedged items:
     •    Mismatches in the terms of hedged items and hedging instruments, for example the frequency and timing of when
          interest rates are reset and frequency of payment.
     •    Difference in the discounting factors between the hedged item and the hedging instrument, taking into consideration the
          different reset frequency of the hedged item and hedging instrument.
     •    Hedging derivatives with a non-zero fair value at inception date of the hedging relationship, resulting in mismatch in
          terms with the hedged item.




                                                                                        Consolidated Financial Statements         Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        191
      Note 9 Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities (continued)

Below is a description of our risk management strategy for each risk exposure that we decide to hedge:

Interest rate risk
We use interest rate contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate risk by modifying the repricing characteristics of existing
and/or forecasted assets and liabilities, including funding and investment activities. The swaps are designated in either a fair
value hedge or a cash flow hedge and predominantly reference IBORs across multiple jurisdictions. Certain swaps will be
affected by the Reform as the market transitions to ABRs.
     For fair value hedges, we use interest rate contracts to manage the fair value movements of our fixed-rate instruments due
to changes in benchmark interest. The interest rate swaps are entered into on a one-to-one basis to manage the benchmark
interest rate risk, and its terms are critically matched to the specified fixed rate instruments.
     We also use interest rate swaps in fair value hedges to manage interest rate risk from residential mortgage assets and
funding liabilities. Our exposure from this portfolio changes with the origination of new loans, repayments of existing loans, and
sale of securitized mortgages. Accordingly, we have adopted dynamic hedging for that portfolio, in which the hedge relationship
is rebalanced on a more frequent basis, such as on a bi-weekly or on a monthly basis.
     For cash flow hedges, we use interest rate swaps to manage the exposure to cash flow variability of our variable rate
instruments as a result of changes in benchmark interest rates. The variable rate instruments and forecast transactions which
reference certain IBORs will be affected by the Reform. Whilst some of the interest rate derivatives are entered into on a
one-to-one basis to manage a specific exposure, other interest rate derivatives may be entered into for managing interest rate
risks of a portfolio of assets and liabilities.

Foreign exchange risk
We manage our exposure to foreign currency risk with cross currency swaps in a cash flow hedge, and foreign exchange forward
contracts in a net investment hedge. Certain cash instruments may also be designated in a net investment hedge, where
applicable.
     For cash flow hedges, we use cross currency swaps and forward contracts to manage the cash flow variability arising from
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on our issued foreign denominated fixed rate liabilities and highly probable forecasted
transactions. The maturity profile and repayment terms of these swaps are matched to those of our foreign denominated
exposures to limit our cash flow volatility from changes in foreign exchange rates.
     For net investment hedges, we use a combination of foreign exchange forwards and cash instruments, such as foreign
denominated deposit liabilities, some of which reference IBORs that will be affected by the Reform, to manage our foreign
exchange risk arising from our investments in foreign operations. Our most significant exposures include USD, GBP and Euro.
When hedging net investments in foreign operations using foreign exchange forwards, only the undiscounted spot element of the
foreign exchange forward is designated as the hedging instrument. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the hedging
instrument as a result of changes in forward rates and the effects of discounting are not included in the hedging effectiveness
assessment. Foreign operations are only hedged to the extent of the principal of the foreign denominated deposit liabilities or
notional amount of the derivative; we generally do not expect to incur significant ineffectiveness on hedges of net investments in
foreign operations.

Equity price risk
We use total return swaps in cash flow hedges to mitigate the cash flow variability of the expected payment associated with our
cash settled share-based compensation plan for certain key employees by exchanging interest payments for indexed RBC share
price change and dividend returns.

Credit risk
We predominantly use credit derivatives to economically hedge our credit exposures. We mitigate industry sector concentrations
and single-name exposures related to our credit portfolio by purchasing credit derivatives to transfer credit risk to third parties.

Derivative instruments designated in hedging relationships
The following table presents the fair values of the derivative instruments and the principal amounts of the non-derivative
liabilities, categorized by their hedging relationships, as well as derivatives that are not designated in hedging relationships.

Derivatives and non-derivative instruments (1)
                                                                                                                       As at
                                                                                 October 31, 2022                                                 October 31, 2021
                                                             Designated as hedging instruments                                 Designated as hedging instruments
                                                                  in hedging relationships              Not designated              in hedging relationships          Not designated
                                                                                               Net         in a hedging                                        Net      in a hedging
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                              Fair value Cash flow        investment        relationship         Fair value   Cash flow   investment      relationship
Assets
  Derivative instruments                                    $    247 $         57     $         36     $    154,099            $     66 $          9 $         98    $      95,368
Liabilities
  Derivative instruments                                           27            –           126            153,338                131           20          18             91,270
  Non-derivative instruments                                        –            –        25,798                n.a.                 –            –      27,157                n.a.
(1)     The fair value reflects the impact of the election to characterize the daily variation margin as settlement of the related derivative fair values as permitted by certain
        central counterparties.
n.a.    not applicable




192        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Consolidated Financial Statements
The following tables provide the remaining term to maturity analysis of the notional amounts and the weighted average rates of
the hedging instruments and their carrying amounts by types of hedging relationships:

Fair value hedges
                                                                                                                    As at October 31, 2022
                                                                                                         Notional amounts                                       Carrying amount (1)
                                                                                       Within          1 through                Over
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except average rates)                                   1 year             5 years            5 years             Total          Assets    Liabilities
Interest rate risk
Interest rate contracts
  Hedge of fixed rate assets                                                      $    9,083         $ 32,173           $ 15,516            $ 56,772        $ 247         $        3
  Hedge of fixed rate liabilities                                                     13,231           69,419             10,094              92,744            –                 24
Weighted average fixed interest rate
  Hedge of fixed rate assets                                                           1.1%               2.5%                2.8%              2.3%
  Hedge of fixed rate liabilities                                                      1.9%               1.8%                2.0%              1.9%


                                                                                                                    As at October 31, 2021
                                                                                                         Notional amounts                                       Carrying amount (1)
                                                                                        Within         1 through                 Over
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except average rates)                                    1 year            5 years             5 years            Total          Assets     Liabilities
Interest rate risk
Interest rate contracts
  Hedge of fixed rate assets                                                      $ 10,503           $ 25,008           $     6,568         $ 42,079        $      19     $      116
  Hedge of fixed rate liabilities                                                    8,939             44,870                11,646           65,455               47             15
Weighted average fixed interest rate
  Hedge of fixed rate assets                                                            0.8%              0.7%                1.9%              0.9%
  Hedge of fixed rate liabilities                                                       1.5%              1.2%                1.5%              1.3%
(1)    The carrying value reflects the impact of the election to characterize the daily variation margin as settlement of the related derivative fair values as permitted by certain
       central counterparties.


Cash flow hedges
                                                                                                                   As at October 31, 2022
                                                                                                        Notional amounts                                        Carrying amount (1)
                                                                                      Within         1 through                 Over
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except average rates)                                  1 year            5 years             5 years              Total          Assets    Liabilities
Interest rate risk
Interest rate contracts
  Hedge of variable rate assets                                               $ 50,436           $ 74,726           $    1,023          $ 126,185           $       –     $           –
  Hedge of variable rate liabilities                                             6,221             42,830               24,024             73,075                   –                 –
Weighted average fixed interest rate
  Hedge of variable rate assets                                                       3.3%              2.8%                 2.5%               3.0%
  Hedge of variable rate liabilities                                                  2.0%              1.5%                 2.0%               1.7%
Foreign exchange risk
Cross currency swaps                                                          $          –       $      314         $           –       $        314        $      32     $           –
  Weighted average CAD-EUR exchange rate                                               n.a.             1.44                  n.a.               1.44


                                                                                                                   As at October 31, 2021
                                                                                                        Notional amounts                                        Carrying amount (1)
                                                                                      Within         1 through                 Over
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except average rates)                                  1 year            5 years             5 years              Total          Assets     Liabilities
Interest rate risk
Interest rate contracts
  Hedge of variable rate assets                                               $ 57,304           $ 28,707           $        4,112      $     90,123        $        –    $           –
  Hedge of variable rate liabilities                                            16,659             55,556                   13,784            85,999                 –                –
Weighted average fixed interest rate
  Hedge of variable rate assets                                                       0.5%              1.0%                 1.2%               0.7%
  Hedge of variable rate liabilities                                                  0.8%              1.2%                 1.5%               1.2%
Foreign exchange risk
Cross currency swaps                                                          $          –       $       183        $           –       $        183        $        9    $           –
  Weighted average CAD-EUR exchange rate                                               n.a.              1.52                 n.a.               1.52
(1)    The carrying value reflects the impact of the election to characterize the daily variation margin as settlement of the related derivative fair values as permitted by certain
       central counterparties.
n.a.   not applicable




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements           Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        193
      Note 9 Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities (continued)

Net investment hedges
                                                                                                                         As at October 31, 2022
                                                                                                             Notional/Principal                                     Carrying amount
                                                                                            Within         1 through              Over
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except average rates)                                        1 year            5 years          5 years             Total        Assets           Liabilities
Foreign exchange risk
Foreign currency liabilities                                                           $ 5,462            $ 20,851         $ 1,025          $ 27,338                n.a.     $ 25,798
  Weighted average CAD-USD exchange rate                                                  1.31                1.28            1.28              1.29
  Weighted average CAD-EUR exchange rate                                                     –                1.51            1.48              1.51
  Weighted average CAD-GBP exchange rate                                                     –                1.71               –              1.71
Forward contracts                                                                      $ 6,089            $      –         $     –          $ 6,089            $     36      $        126
  Weighted average CAD-USD exchange rate                                                  1.34                 n.a.            n.a.             1.34
  Weighted average CAD-EUR exchange rate                                                  1.36                 n.a.            n.a.             1.36
  Weighted average CAD-GBP exchange rate                                                  1.55                 n.a.            n.a.             1.55


                                                                                                                           As at October 31, 2021
                                                                                                              Notional/Principal                                     Carrying amount
                                                                                             Within         1 through             Over
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except average rates)                                         1 year            5 years         5 years              Total          Assets        Liabilities
Foreign exchange risk
Foreign currency liabilities                                                           $   433            $ 26,294         $     401        $ 27,128                n.a.     $ 27,157
  Weighted average CAD-USD exchange rate                                                  1.32                1.29               1.30           1.29
  Weighted average CAD-EUR exchange rate                                                     –                1.51               1.48           1.51
  Weighted average CAD-GBP exchange rate                                                     –                1.72                  –           1.72
Forward contracts                                                                      $ 4,951            $      –         $        –       $ 4,951            $      98     $          18
  Weighted average CAD-USD exchange rate                                                  1.26                 n.a.               n.a.          1.26
  Weighted average CAD-EUR exchange rate                                                  1.45                 n.a.               n.a.          1.45
  Weighted average CAD-GBP exchange rate                                                  1.73                 n.a.               n.a.          1.73
n.a.    not applicable


The following tables present the details of the hedged items categorized by their hedging relationships:

Fair value hedges – assets and liabilities designated as hedged items
                                                                                     As at and for the year ended October 31, 2022
                                                                       Accumulated amount of fair
                                                                        value adjustments on the
                                                                       hedged item included in the
                                                 Carrying amount            carrying amount
                                                                                                                                                                  Changes in fair
                                                                                                                                                                 values used for
                                                                                                                                                               calculating hedge
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                    Assets Liabilities           Assets      Liabilities                                    Balance sheet items:   ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
  Fixed rate assets (1)                                                                                          Securities – Investment, net of
                                                                                                           applicable allowance; Loans – Retail;
                                             $52,216 $                – $ (3,285) $                   –                      Loans – Wholesale $                                  (3,695)
      Fixed rate liabilities (1)                                                                           Deposits – Business and government;
                                                                                                                       Subordinated debentures
                                                        –    86,738                  –      (5,924)                             Deposits – Bank                                    5,742

                                                                                       As at and for the year ended October 31, 2021
                                                                        Accumulated amount of fair
                                                                         value adjustments on the
                                                                        hedged item included in the
                                                 Carrying amount             carrying amount
                                                                                                                                                                    Changes in fair
                                                                                                                                                                   values used for
                                                                                                                                                                 calculating hedge
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                    Assets     Liabilities       Assets      Liabilities                                      Balance sheet items:   ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
  Fixed rate assets (1)                                                                                            Securities – Investment, net of
                                                                                                             applicable allowance; Loans – Retail;
                                             $ 42,810 $               – $         (78) $              –                        Loans – Wholesale $                                (1,027)
      Fixed rate liabilities (1)                                                                             Deposits – Business and government;
                                                        –     65,355                 –           (59)                    Subordinated debentures                                   1,842
(1)     As at October 31, 2022, the accumulated amount of fair value hedge adjustments remaining in the Balance Sheet for hedged items that have ceased to be adjusted for
        hedging gains and losses is a loss of $486 million for fixed-rate assets and a loss of $25 million for fixed-rate liabilities (October 31, 2021 – gain of $125 million and loss of
        $62 million, respectively).




194        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022          Consolidated Financial Statements
Cash flow and net investment hedges – assets and liabilities designated as hedged items
                                                                                                   Changes in fair      Cash flow hedge/foreign
                                                                                                  values used for     currency translation reserve
                                                                                                calculating hedge                     Discontinued
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                 Balance sheet items:                               ineffectiveness Continuing hedges          hedges
Cash flow hedges
  Interest rate risk
    Variable rate assets                        Securities – Investment, net of
                                         applicable allowance; Loans – Retail;                  $          4,720        $        (1,777) $        (2,668)
                                         Interest bearing deposits with banks;
                                               Asset purchased under reverse
                              repurchase agreements and securities borrowed
    Variable rate liabilities            Deposits – Business and government;
                                                          Deposits – Personal;                             (6,895)                 5,471           2,231
                                      Obligations related to assets sold under
                                 repurchase agreements and securities loaned
 Foreign exchange risk
    Fixed rate assets                           Securities – Investment, net of
                                                         applicable allowance                                 (17)                      7                  –
Net investment hedges
 Foreign exchange risk
    Foreign subsidiaries                                                   n.a.                            1,927                 (5,936)            (421)


                                                                                                    Changes in fair           Cash flow hedge/foreign
                                                                                                   values used for          currency translation reserve
                                                                                                 calculating hedge                           Discontinued
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                  Balance sheet items:                               ineffectiveness    Continuing hedges           hedges
Cash flow hedges
  Interest rate risk
    Variable rate assets                          Securities – Investment, net of
                                            applicable allowance; Loans – Retail                $             614       $           (402) $             206
       Variable rate liabilities           Deposits – Business and government;
                                                             Deposits – Personal                           (2,641)                 1,310                (399)
   Foreign exchange risk
     Fixed rate assets                            Securities – Investment, net of
                                            applicable allowance; Loans – Retail                              (98)                      1                  –
Net investment hedges
 Foreign exchange risk
    Foreign subsidiaries                                                               n.a.                (2,331)                 (4,032)              (421)
n.a.   not applicable


Effectiveness of designated hedging relationships
                                                                                       For the year ended October 31, 2022
                                                                                            Hedge
                                                        Change in fair value       ineffectiveness     Changes in the value of        Amount reclassified
                                                                 of hedging          recognized in     the hedging instrument        from hedge reserves
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                  instrument               income (1)         recognized in OCI                  to income
Fair value hedges
  Interest rate risk
    Interest rate contracts – fixed rate assets         $               3,650 $                (45)                         n.a.                        n.a.
    Interest rate contracts – fixed rate liabilities                   (5,713)                  29                          n.a.                        n.a.
Cash flow hedges
  Interest rate risk
    Interest rate contracts – variable rate assets                     (4,698)                 (36) $                  (4,432) $                    (185)
    Interest rate contracts – variable rate liabilities                 6,713                   37                      6,673                       (118)
  Foreign exchange risk
    Cross currency swap – fixed rate assets                                 17                    –                           23                         17
Net investment hedges
  Foreign exchange risk
    Foreign currency liabilities                                       (1,771)                   (3)                   (1,768)                            –
    Forward contracts                                                    (159)                    –                      (159)                          (23)




                                                                       Consolidated Financial Statements     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       195
      Note 9 Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities (continued)

                                                                                                       For the year ended October 31, 2021
                                                                                                            Hedge
                                                                         Change in fair value      ineffectiveness      Changes in the value of         Amount reclassified
                                                                                  of hedging         recognized in      the hedging instrument         from hedge reserves
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                   instrument             income (1)           recognized in OCI                   to income
Fair value hedges
  Interest rate risk
    Interest rate contracts – fixed rate assets         $                               929       $             (98)                        n.a.                         n.a.
    Interest rate contracts – fixed rate liabilities                                 (1,802)                     40                         n.a.                         n.a.
Cash flow hedges
  Interest rate risk
    Interest rate contracts – variable rate assets                                     (631)                    (17)    $                  (497)       $               279
    Interest rate contracts – variable rate liabilities                               2,579                       9                       1,949                     (1,024)
  Foreign exchange risk
    Cross currency swap – fixed rate assets                                                 98                   –                            98                         103
Net investment hedges
  Foreign exchange risk
    Foreign currency liabilities                                                      1,882                      –                        1,882                             –
    Forward contracts                                                                   449                      –                          449                             1
(1)     Hedge ineffectiveness recognized in income included losses of $19 million that are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are offset by economic
        hedges (October 31, 2021 – $101 million).
n.a.    not applicable


Reconciliation of components of equity
The following table provides a reconciliation by risk category of each component of equity and an analysis of other
comprehensive income relating to hedge accounting:

                                                                          For the year ended October 31, 2022                     For the year ended October 31, 2021

                                                                  Cash flow hedge   Foreign currency                        Cash flow hedge     Foreign currency
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                            reserve translation reserve                               reserve translation reserve
Balance at the beginning of the year                              $           566 $             2,055                       $         (1,079) $            4,632
Cash flow hedges
Effective portion of changes in fair value:
  Interest rate risk                                                             2,241                                                   1,452
  Foreign exchange risk                                                             23                                                     100
  Equity price risk                                                                 (1)                                                    306
Net amount reclassified to profit or loss:
Ongoing hedges:
  Interest rate risk                                                              (227)                                                    505
  Foreign exchange risk                                                            (17)                                                   (105)
  Equity price risk                                                                (23)                                                   (271)
De-designated hedges:
  Interest rate risk                                                               530                                                     240
Hedges of net investment in foreign
  operations
  Foreign exchange denominated debt                                                                          (1,768)                                                    1,882
  Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                           (159)                                                      449
  Foreign currency translation differences
    for foreign operations                                                                                    5,085                                                 (4,308)
  Reclassification of losses (gains) on
    foreign currency translation to income                                                                       (18)                                                       (7)
  Reclassification of losses (gains) on net
    investment hedging activities to income                                                                        23                                                       (1)
  Tax on movements on reserves during the
    period                                                                        (698)                          470                      (582)                         (592)
Balance at the end of the year                                    $              2,394 $                      5,688         $              566     $                    2,055




196       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Consolidated Financial Statements
      Note 10     Premises and equipment

                                                                                           For the year ended October 31, 2022
                                                                         Owned by the Bank (1)                                      Right-of-use lease assets
                                                                        Furniture,
                                                                          fixtures
                                                              Computer and other    Leasehold Work in
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                Land Buildings equipment equipment improvements process                               Buildings        Equipment            Total
Cost
Balance at beginning of period               $ 145 $      1,308 $         1,126 $          773 $             2,754 $        170 $       5,394 $              308 $ 11,978
Additions                                        –            –              24              3                  28          397           270                138      860
Acquisition through business
  combination                                      –           –              4               1                   6            1           55                   –           67
Transfers from work in process                     –          15            195              49                 206         (465)           –                   –            –
Disposals                                        (10)        (83)          (195)             (5)               (205)          (1)        (153)               (146)        (798)
Foreign exchange translation                       7          24             17              15                  67            6           58                  (1)         193
Other                                             (1)         (3)            (2)              –                 (11)          12          124                   –          119
Balance at end of period                     $ 141 $      1,261 $         1,169 $          836 $             2,845 $        120 $       5,748 $              299 $ 12,419
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at beginning of period               $    – $        664 $          584 $          427 $             1,589 $           – $      1,133 $               157 $ 4,554
Depreciation                                      –           48            234             94                 233             –          569                  87   1,265
Disposals                                         –          (80)          (192)            (4)               (204)            –         (106)               (146)   (732)
Foreign exchange translation                      –           11             12              6                  38             –            2                  (1)     68
Other                                             –          (16)             2              2                   –             –           45                  17      50
Balance at end of period                     $    – $        627 $          640 $          525 $             1,656 $           – $      1,643 $              114 $ 5,205
Net carrying amount at end of
  period                                     $ 141 $         634 $          529 $          311 $             1,189 $        120 $       4,105 $              185 $ 7,214


                                                                                            For the year ended October 31, 2021
                                                                        Owned by the Bank (1), (2)                                  Right–of–use lease assets
                                                                             Furniture,
                                                                               fixtures
                                                                   Computer and other                  Leasehold Work in
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                Land      Buildings equipment equipment               improvements process             Buildings Equipment (2)              Total
Cost
Balance at beginning of period               $ 152 $       1,310 $        1,150 $           886 $             2,675 $        203 $       5,171 $              254 $ 11,801
Additions                                        1             –             28               6                  94          388           379                109    1,005
Acquisition through business
  combination                                      –            –               –              –                   –           –              –                 –             –
Transfers from work in
  process                                          –          13            180              47                 170         (410)             –                 –            –
Disposals                                         (2)         (24)         (286)            (65)               (106)          (1)          (49)               (56)        (589)
Foreign exchange translation                      (6)         (20)          (27)            (16)                (62)          (5)         (167)                 1         (302)
Other                                              –           29            81             (85)                (17)          (5)           60                  –           63
Balance at end of period                     $ 145 $       1,308 $        1,126 $           773 $             2,754 $        170 $       5,394 $              308 $ 11,978
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at beginning of period               $     – $       648 $          580 $           467 $             1,480 $          – $         584 $              108 $       3,867
Depreciation                                       –          49            245              94                 222            –           578                 88         1,276
Disposals                                          –         (12)          (284)            (64)                (92)           –            (5)               (40)         (497)
Foreign exchange translation                       –          (9)           (16)             (7)                (31)           –           (24)                 1           (86)
Other                                              –         (12)            59             (63)                 10            –             –                  –            (6)
Balance at end of period                     $     – $       664 $          584 $           427 $             1,589 $          – $       1,133 $              157 $       4,554
Net carrying amount at end of
  period                                     $ 145 $         644 $          542 $           346 $             1,165 $        170 $       4,261 $              151 $       7,424
(1)     As at October 31, 2022, we had total contractual commitments of $185 million to purchase premises and equipment (October 31, 2021 – $162 million).
(2)     Certain amounts have been revised from those previously presented.


Lease payments
Total lease payments for the year ended October 31, 2022 were $1,213 million, of which $578 million or 48% relates to variable
payments and $635 million or 52% relates to fixed payments. Total lease payments for the year ended October 31, 2021 were
$1,259 million, of which $613 million or 49% relates to variable payments and $646 million or 51% relates to fixed payments.

Total variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities were $571 million for the year ended
October 31, 2022 (October 31, 2021 – $603 million).




                                                                                        Consolidated Financial Statements      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       197
      Note 11   Goodwill and other intangible assets

Goodwill
                                                                                   For the year ended October 31, 2022
                                                                             U.S. Wealth
                                                      Canadian              Management International          Investor &
(Millions of                     Canadian Caribbean     Wealth Global Asset   (including     Wealth             Treasury Capital
Canadian dollars)                 Banking   Banking Management Management City National) Management Insurance   Services Markets                   Total
Balance at beginning of
  period                         $ 2,557 $ 1,600 $                  577 $         1,964 $        2,768 $           115 $   112 $   148 $ 1,013 $ 10,854
Acquisitions                          17       –                      –              33              –             880       –       –       –      930
Dispositions                           –       –                      –               –            (19)              –       –       –       –      (19)
Currency translations                  –     159                     12             (69)           278              47       –      (1)     86      512
Balance at end of period         $ 2,574 $ 1,759 $                  589 $         1,928 $        3,027 $         1,042 $   112 $   147 $ 1,099 $ 12,277


                                                                                    For the year ended October 31, 2021
                                                                              U.S. Wealth
                                                       Canadian              Management International          Investor &
(Millions of                      Canadian Caribbean     Wealth Global Asset   (including     Wealth             Treasury Capital
Canadian dollars)                  Banking   Banking Management Management City National) Management Insurance   Services Markets                  Total
Balance at beginning of
  period                         $ 2,557 $           1,719 $         587 $         2,001 $        2,978 $          121 $   112 $   149 $ 1,078 $ 11,302
Acquisitions                           –                 –             –               –              –              –       –       –       –        –
Dispositions                           –                (3)            –               –              –             (4)      –       –       –       (7)
Currency translations                  –              (116)          (10)            (37)          (210)            (2)      –      (1)    (65)    (441)
Balance at end of period         $ 2,557 $           1,600 $         577 $         1,964 $        2,768 $          115 $   112 $   148 $ 1,013 $ 10,854


We perform our annual impairment test by comparing the carrying amount of each CGU to its recoverable amount. The
recoverable amount of a CGU is represented by its VIU, except in circumstances where the carrying amount of a CGU exceeds its
VIU. In such cases, the greater of the CGU’s FVLCD and its VIU is the recoverable amount. Our annual impairment test is
performed as at August 1. The impact of subsequent acquisitions has also been considered in our impairment test.
     In our 2022 and 2021 annual impairment tests, the recoverable amounts of our Caribbean Banking and International Wealth
Management CGUs were based on their FVLCD. The recoverable amounts of all other CGUs tested were based on their VIU.

Value in use
We calculate VIU using a five-year discounted cash flow method. Future cash flows are based on financial plans agreed by
management, estimated based on forecast results, business initiatives, capital required to support future cash flows and returns
to shareholders. Key drivers of future cash flows include net interest margins and average interest-earning assets. The values
assigned to these drivers over the forecast period are based on past experience, external and internal economic forecasts, and
management’s expectations of the impact of economic conditions on our financial results. Beyond the initial cash flow projection
period, cash flows are assumed to increase at a constant rate using a nominal long-term growth rate (terminal growth rate).
Terminal growth rates are based on the long-term steady state growth expectations in the countries within which the CGU
operates. The discount rates used to determine the present value of each CGU’s projected future cash flows are based on the
bank-wide cost of capital, adjusted for the risks to which each CGU is exposed. CGU-specific risks include: country risk, business/
operational risk, geographic risk (including political risk, devaluation risk, and government regulation), currency risk, and price
risk (including product pricing risk and inflation).
     The estimation of VIU involves significant judgment in the determination of inputs to the discounted cash flow model and is
most sensitive to changes in future cash flows, discount rates and terminal growth rates applied to cash flows beyond the
forecast period. The sensitivity of the VIU to key inputs and assumptions used was tested by recalculating the recoverable
amount using reasonably possible changes to those parameters. As at August 1, 2022, no reasonably possible change in an
individual key input or assumption, as described, would result in a CGU’s carrying amount exceeding its recoverable amount
based on VIU.




198       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Consolidated Financial Statements
The terminal growth rates and pre-tax discount rates used in our discounted cash flow models are summarized below.

                                                                                                                                         As at
                                                                                                                       August 1, 2022                 August 1, 2021

                                                                                                                                Terminal                          Terminal
                                                                                                              Discount            growth         Discount           growth
                                                                                                                rate (1)             rate          rate (1)            rate
Group of cash generating units
Canadian Banking                                                                                                  11.0%             3.0%             9.4%              3.0%
Caribbean Banking                                                                                                 12.6              3.5             10.9               3.5
Canadian Wealth Management                                                                                        11.8              3.0             10.5               3.0
Global Asset Management                                                                                           11.8              3.0             10.5               3.0
U.S. Wealth Management (including City National)                                                                  12.8              3.0             11.1               3.0
International Wealth Management (2)                                                                               n.m.             n.m.             n.m.              n.m.
Insurance                                                                                                         11.6              3.0             10.2               3.0
Investor & Treasury Services                                                                                      11.8              3.0              9.9               3.0
Capital Markets                                                                                                   12.4              3.0             11.8               3.0
(1)  Pre-tax discount rates are determined implicitly based on post-tax discount rates.
(2)  The recoverable amount for our International Wealth Management CGU is determined using a multiples-based approach.
n.m. not meaningful


Fair value less costs of disposal – Caribbean Banking
As at August 1, 2022, the recoverable amount of our Caribbean Banking CGU, based on FVLCD, was 109% of its carrying amount
(August 1, 2021 – 123%). We calculated FVLCD using a discounted cash flow method that projects future cash flows over a 5-year
period. Cash flows are based on management forecasts, adjusted to approximate the considerations of a prospective third-party
buyer. Cash flows beyond the initial 5-year period are assumed to increase at a constant rate using a nominal long-term growth
rate. Future cash flows, terminal growth rates, and discount rates are based on the same factors noted above. The forecast
future cash flows were discounted using a pre-tax rate of 12.6% (August 1, 2021 – 10.9%), reflecting a higher interest rate
environment. This fair value measurement is categorized as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy as certain significant inputs are not
observable. We use significant judgment to determine inputs to the discounted cash flow model, which is most sensitive to
changes in future cash flows, discount rates and terminal growth rates.
     We considered reasonably possible alternative scenarios, including market comparable transactions, which yielded
valuations ranging from an immaterial deficit to an immaterial surplus. The sensitivity of the FVLCD to key inputs and
assumptions was tested by recalculating the recoverable amount using reasonably possible change to those parameters. A
50 bps change in the terminal growth rate would increase and decrease the recoverable amount by $231 million and $203 million,
respectively. A 50 bps increase in the discount rate would decrease the recoverable amount by $267 million. A reduction in the
forecasted cash flows of 10% per annum would reduce the recoverable amount by $440 million. If future cash flows were reduced
by 8%, the recoverable amount would approximate the carrying amount. Changes in these assumptions have been applied
holding other individual factors constant. However, changes in one factor may be magnified or offset by related changes in other
assumptions as impacts to the recoverable amount are highly interdependent and changes in assumptions may not have a linear
effect on the recoverable amount of the CGU. In aggregate, the range of reasonably possible outcomes would not materially
affect the recoverable amount of the CGU.

Other intangible assets
                                                                                                  For the year ended October 31, 2022
                                                               Internally                              Core                Customer
                                                              generated           Other              deposit                 list and     In process
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                  software       software          intangibles           relationships        software                  Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance at beginning of period                                $    4,886       $       894       $      1,474          $       1,414      $       1,236       $     9,904
Additions                                                             25                16                  –                      –              1,256             1,297
Acquisition through business combination                               –                14                  –                  1,292                148             1,454
Transfers                                                          1,121                76                  –                      –             (1,197)                –
Dispositions                                                        (960)             (111)                 –                   (329)                (5)           (1,405)
Impairment losses                                                    (16)                –                  –                      –                (11)              (27)
Currency translations                                                 71                48                149                    113                 30               411
Other changes                                                        (51)              (29)                 7                    (18)                78               (13)
Balance at end of period                                      $    5,076       $       908       $      1,630          $       2,472      $      1,535        $    11,621
Accumulated amortization
Balance at beginning of period                                $   (2,979)      $      (572)      $       (885)         $         (997)    $            –      $    (5,433)
Amortization charge for the year                                    (976)             (137)              (153)                   (103)                 –           (1,369)
Dispositions                                                         959               109                  –                     315                  –            1,383
Impairment losses                                                      9                 –                  –                       –                  –                9
Currency translations                                                (36)              (31)               (98)                     13                  –             (152)
Other changes                                                         (8)               19                (10)                     23                  –               24
Balance at end of period                                      $   (3,031)      $      (612)      $     (1,146)         $         (749)    $            –      $    (5,538)
Net balance at end of period                                  $    2,045       $       296       $        484          $       1,723      $      1,535        $       6,083




                                                                                   Consolidated Financial Statements       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      199
      Note 11    Goodwill and other intangible assets (continued)

                                                                                                       For the year ended October 31, 2021

                                                                  Internally                             Core        Customer
                                                                  generated        Other               deposit         list and                  In process
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                   software (1) software (1)         intangibles relationships (1)                   software                         Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance at beginning of period                                   $      4,321     $    1,031       $        1,586        $           1,493       $         1,241         $          9,672
Additions                                                                  48             15                    –                        –                 1,129                    1,192
Acquisition through business combination                                    –              –                    –                        –                     –                        –
Transfers                                                               1,022             69                    –                        –                (1,091)                       –
Dispositions                                                             (258)          (186)                   –                      (43)                   (8)                    (495)
Impairment losses                                                        (157)             –                    –                        –                    (9)                    (166)
Currency translations                                                     (83)           (43)                (112)                     (41)                  (29)                    (308)
Other changes                                                              (7)             8                    –                        5                     3                        9
Balance at end of period                                         $      4,886     $        894     $        1,474        $           1,414       $         1,236         $          9,904
Accumulated amortization
Balance at beginning of period                                   $     (2,529)    $        (630)   $          (793)      $            (968)      $               –       $        (4,920)
Amortization charge for the year                                         (898)             (138)              (150)                   (101)                      –                (1,287)
Dispositions                                                              257               185                  –                      43                       –                   485
Impairment losses                                                         137                 –                  –                       –                       –                   137
Currency translations                                                      45                24                 58                      29                       –                   156
Other changes                                                               9               (13)                 –                       –                       –                    (4)
Balance at end of period                                         $     (2,979)    $        (572)   $          (885)      $            (997)      $               –       $        (5,433)
Net balance at end of period                                     $      1,907     $        322     $           589       $             417       $         1,236         $          4,471
(1)     Certain amounts have been revised from those previously presented.


      Note 12 Joint ventures and associated companies

The following table summarizes the carrying value of our interests in joint ventures and associated companies accounted for
under the equity method as well as our share of the income of those entities.

                                                                                                                             Joint ventures                   Associated companies
                                                                                                                                     As at and for the year ended
                                                                                                                     October 31       October 31         October 31              October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                         2022                   2021          2022                     2021
Carrying amount                                                                                                      $ 248            $       223         $ 463              $       431
Share of:
  Net income                                                                                                         $       103      $       107         $          7       $         23

We do not have any joint ventures or associated companies that are individually material to our financial results.
     Certain of our subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are subject to regulatory requirements of the jurisdictions in which
they operate. When these subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are subject to such requirements, they may be restricted
from transferring to us our share of their assets in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. As at October 31, 2022,
restricted net assets of these subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates were $44 billion (October 31, 2021 – $39 billion).

      Note 13 Other assets

                                                                                                                                                                   As at
                                                                                                                                                         October 31              October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                2022                   2021
Accounts receivable and prepaids                                                                                                                     $     4,250             $     5,056
Accrued interest receivable                                                                                                                                4,703                   2,195
Cash collateral                                                                                                                                           25,634                  14,541
Commodity trading receivables                                                                                                                              7,054                   6,996
Deferred income tax asset                                                                                                                                  1,472                   2,011
Employee benefit assets                                                                                                                                    3,331                   2,640
Insurance-related assets
  Collateral loans                                                                                                                                           524                     615
  Policy loans                                                                                                                                                85                      87
  Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                                       1,084                   1,032
  Other                                                                                                                                                       12                      62
Investments in joint ventures and associates                                                                                                                 711                     654
Margin deposits                                                                                                                                           14,684                  11,441
Precious metals                                                                                                                                            1,772                   1,619
Receivable from brokers, dealers and clients                                                                                                               3,299                   3,395
Taxes receivable                                                                                                                                           6,933                   4,891
Other                                                                                                                                                      4,752                   4,648
                                                                                                                                                     $ 80,300                $ 61,883

200        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022    Consolidated Financial Statements
      Note 14     Deposits

                                                                                                             As at
                                                                   October 31, 2022                                                        October 31, 2021

(Millions of Canadian dollars) Demand (1) Notice (2) Term (3)                                        Total Demand (1) Notice (2) Term (3)                                    Total
Personal                       $ 203,645 $ 64,743 $ 136,544 $                                      404,932 $ 207,493 $ 64,613 $ 90,382 $                                   362,488
Business and government          348,004   17,855    394,011                                       759,870   356,020    20,800   319,533                                   696,353
Bank                              10,458       490    33,064                                        44,012    12,549       449    28,992                                    41,990
                                        $ 562,107 $ 83,088 $ 563,619 $ 1,208,814 $ 576,062 $ 85,862 $ 438,907 $ 1,100,831
Non-interest-bearing (4)
  Canada                                $ 149,737 $             7,797 $               466 $        158,000 $ 151,475 $                   8,051 $              713 $        160,239
  United States                            52,702                   –                   –           52,702    54,021                         –                  –           54,021
  Europe (5)                                  620                   –                   –              620       632                         –                  –              632
  Other International                       7,840                   –                   –            7,840     8,002                         –                  –            8,002
Interest-bearing (4)
  Canada                                    305,779           17,982          409,586              733,347            315,464          19,857         312,987              648,308
  United States                              11,410           57,055           85,111              153,576              6,978          57,260          77,597              141,835
  Europe (5)                                 28,276              254           52,144               80,674             34,278             693          36,788               71,759
  Other International                         5,743                –           16,312               22,055              5,212               1          10,822               16,035
                                        $ 562,107 $ 83,088 $ 563,619 $ 1,208,814 $ 576,062 $ 85,862 $ 438,907 $ 1,100,831
(1)     Demand deposits are deposits for which we do not have the right to require notice of withdrawal, which include both savings and chequing accounts.
(2)     Notice deposits are deposits for which we can legally require notice of withdrawal. These deposits are primarily savings accounts.
(3)     Term deposits are deposits payable on a fixed date, and include term deposits, guaranteed investment certificates and similar instruments.
(4)     The geographical splits of the deposits are based on the point of origin of the deposits and where the revenue is recognized. As at October 31, 2022, deposits denominated
        in U.S. dollars, British pounds, Euro and other foreign currencies were $465 billion, $35 billion, $50 billion and $30 billion, respectively (October 31, 2021 – $399 billion,
        $35 billion, $43 billion and $27 billion, respectively).
(5)     Europe includes the United Kingdom, Luxembourg, the Channel Islands, France and Italy.


Contractual maturities of term deposits
                                                                                                                                                                 As at
                                                                                                                                                      October 31           October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                             2022                  2021
Within 1 year:
   less than 3 months                                                                                                                             $ 159,602              $ 133,776
   3 to 6 months                                                                                                                                     61,996                 64,062
   6 to 12 months                                                                                                                                   156,531                 83,871
1 to 2 years                                                                                                                                         49,225                 45,532
2 to 3 years                                                                                                                                         42,809                 29,204
3 to 4 years                                                                                                                                         27,609                 24,573
4 to 5 years                                                                                                                                         33,835                 25,329
Over 5 years                                                                                                                                         32,012                 32,560
                                                                                                                                                  $ 563,619              $ 438,907
Aggregate amount of term deposits in denominations of one hundred thousand dollars or more                                                        $ 521,000              $ 416,000

Average deposit balances and average rates of interest
                                                                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                                                 October 31, 2022                             October 31, 2021
                                                                                                               Average          Average               Average              Average
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except for percentage amounts)                                                 balances             rates             balances                 rates
Canada                                                                                                  $      847,052            1.02%            $ 772,875                 0.61%
United States                                                                                                  207,436            0.50                180,230                0.13
Europe                                                                                                          81,824            1.03                 77,217                0.55
Other International                                                                                             28,613            0.72                 28,731                0.33
                                                                                                        $ 1,164,925               0.92%            $ 1,059,053               0.51%


      Note 15 Insurance

Risk management
Insurance risk is the risk of fluctuations in the timing, frequency or severity of insured events, relative to our expectations at the
time of underwriting. We do not have a high degree of concentration risk due to our geographic diversity and business mix.
Concentration risk is not a major concern for the life insurance business as it does not have a material level of region-specific
characteristics. Reinsurance is also used for a majority of our Canadian insurance business to lower our risk profile and limit the
liability on a single claim. We manage underwriting and pricing risk through the use of underwriting guidelines which detail the
class, nature and type of business that may be accepted, pricing policies by product line and controls over policy wordings. The
risk that claims are handled or paid inappropriately is mitigated by using a range of information technology (IT) system controls
and manual processes conducted by experienced staff. These, together with a range of detailed policies and procedures, ensure
that all claims are handled in a timely, appropriate and accurate manner.




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022         201
      Note 15 Insurance (continued)

Reinsurance ceded
In the ordinary course of business, our insurance operations reinsure risks to other insurance and reinsurance companies in
order to lower our risk profile, limit loss exposure to large risks, and provide additional capacity for future growth. These ceding
reinsurance arrangements do not relieve our insurance subsidiaries from our direct obligations to the insured parties. We
evaluate the financial condition of the reinsurers and monitor our concentrations of credit risks to minimize our exposure to
losses from reinsurer insolvency. Reinsurance amounts (ceded premiums) included in Non-interest income are shown in the
table below.

Net premiums and claims
                                                                                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                                                                                        October 31         October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                              2022                  2021
Gross premiums                                                                                                                                      $      4,913 $                5,090
Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                                                                                                (260)                  (250)
Net premiums                                                                                                                                        $      4,653 $                4,840
Gross claims and benefits (1)                                                                                                                       $      1,741 $                3,834
Reinsurers’ share of claims and benefits                                                                                                                    (273)                  (287)
Net claims                                                                                                                                          $      1,468 $                3,547
(1)     Includes the change in fair value of investments backing our policyholder liabilities.


Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities
All actuarial assumptions are set in conjunction with Canadian Institute of Actuaries Standards of Practice and OSFI
requirements. The assumptions that have the greatest effect on the measurement of insurance liabilities, the processes used to
determine them and the assumptions used as at October 31, 2022 are as follows:

Mortality and morbidity – Mortality estimates are based on standard industry insured mortality tables, adjusted where
appropriate to reflect our own experience. Morbidity assumptions are made with respect to the rates of claim incidence and
claim termination for health insurance policies and are based on a combination of industry and our own experience.

Future investment yield – Assumptions are based on the current yield rate, a reinvestment assumption and an allowance for
future credit losses for each line of business, and are developed using interest rate scenario testing, including prescribed
scenarios for determination of minimum liabilities as set out in the actuarial standards.

Policyholder behaviour – Under certain policies, the policyholder has a contractual right to change benefits and premiums, as
well as convert policies to permanent forms of insurance. All policyholders have the right to terminate their policies through
lapse. Lapses represent the termination of policies due to non-payment of premiums. Lapse assumptions are primarily based on
our recent experience adjusted for emerging industry experience where applicable.

Significant insurance assumptions
                                                                                                                                                                      As at

                                                                                                                                                            October 31     October 31
                                                                                                                                                                 2022              2021
Life Insurance
  Canadian Insurance
    Mortality rates (1)                                                                                                                                       0.11%           0.12%
    Morbidity rates (2)                                                                                                                                       1.81            1.78
    Future reinvestment yield (3)                                                                                                                             3.75            3.76
    Lapse rates (4)                                                                                                                                           0.50            0.50
  International Insurance
    Mortality rates (1)                                                                                                                                       0.80            0.79
    Future reinvestment yield (3)                                                                                                                             2.90            2.90
(1)     Average annual death rate for the largest portfolio of insured policies.
(2)     Average net termination rate for the individual and group disability insurance portfolio.
(3)     Ultimate reinvestment rate of the insurance operations.
(4)     Ultimate policy termination rate (lapse rate) for the largest permanent life insurance portfolio that relies on a higher termination rate to maintain its profitability
        (lapse-supported policies).




202        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Consolidated Financial Statements
Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities
The following table summarizes our gross and reinsurers’ share of insurance liabilities at the end of the year.

                                                                                                                                  As at
                                                                                                   October 31, 2022                                 October 31, 2021

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                 Gross     Ceded                Net           Gross        Ceded               Net
Life insurance policyholder liabilities
  Life, health and annuity                                                             $ 11,481 $            902 $ 10,579             $ 12,775 $             861 $ 11,914
  Investment contracts (1)                                                                   41                –       41                   42                 –       42
                                                                                       $ 11,522 $            902 $ 10,620             $ 12,817 $             861 $ 11,956
Non-life insurance policyholder liabilities
 Unearned premium provision (1)                                                        $          7 $            – $            7     $           6 $           – $            6
 Unpaid claims provision                                                                         30              1             29                41             3             38
                                                                                       $         37 $            1 $           36     $          47 $           3 $           44
                                                                                       $ 11,559 $            903 $ 10,656             $ 12,864 $             864 $ 12,000
(1)   Liabilities for investment contracts and unearned premium provision are reported in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


Reconciliation of life insurance policyholder liabilities
                                                                                                                            For the year ended
                                                                                                   October 31, 2022                                 October 31, 2021

(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                            Gross   Ceded      Net    Gross   Ceded      Net
Balances at beginning of period                                                        $ 12,817 $   861 $ 11,956 $ 12,123 $   752 $ 11,371
New and in-force policies (1)                                                            (1,288)   (130) (1,158)      775     108      667
Changes in assumption and methodology                                                        (6)    171     (177)     (89)      1      (90)
Net change in investment contracts                                                           (1)      –       (1)       8       –        8
Balances at end of period                                                              $ 11,522 $            902 $ 10,620             $ 12,817 $             861 $ 11,956
(1)   Includes the change in fair value of investments backing our policyholder liabilities.


The net decrease in life insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities over the prior year was primarily attributable to market
movements on assets backing life insurance policyholder liabilities and asset and liability matching activities, partially offset by
business growth. During the year, we reviewed all key actuarial methods and assumptions which are used in determining the
policy benefit liabilities resulting in a $177 million net decrease to insurance liabilities comprised of: (i) a decrease of $225 million
for revised actuarial reserves on interest rate risk; (ii) an increase of $9 million due to reinsurance contract renegotiations;
(iii) an increase of $37 million arising from insurance risk related assumption updates largely due to mortality, morbidity, and
expense assumptions; and (iv) an increase of $2 million due to changes to valuation models and related data.

Sensitivity analysis
The following table presents the sensitivity of the level of insurance policyholder liabilities disclosed in this note to reasonably
possible changes in the actuarial assumptions used to calculate them. The percentage change in each variable is applied to a
range of existing actuarial modelling assumptions to derive the possible impact on net income. The analyses are performed
where a single assumption is changed while holding other assumptions constant, which is unlikely to occur in practice.

                                                                                                                                                     Net income impact
                                                                                                                                                     for the year ended

                                                                                                                                Change in         October 31           October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except for percentage amounts)                                                                    variable               2022               2021
Increase in market interest rates (1)                                                                                                1% $                (10) $             (14)
Decrease in market interest rates (1)                                                                                                1                     5                 17
Increase in equity market values (2)                                                                                                10                     6                  8
Decrease in equity market values (2)                                                                                                10                   (10)               (10)
Increase in maintenance expenses (3)                                                                                                 5                   (33)               (37)
Life Insurance (3)
  Adverse change in annuitant mortality rates                                                                                        2                  (166)              (287)
  Adverse change in assurance mortality rates                                                                                        2                   (59)               (67)
  Adverse change in morbidity rates                                                                                                  5                  (181)              (213)
  Adverse change in lapse rates                                                                                                     10                  (199)              (253)
(1)   Sensitivities for market interest rates include the expected current period earnings impact of a 100 basis points shift in the yield curve by increasing the current
      reinvestment rates while holding the assumed ultimate rates constant. The sensitivity consists of both the impact on assumed reinvestment rates in the actuarial
      liabilities and any changes in fair value of assets and liabilities from the yield curve shift.
(2)   Sensitivities to changes in equity market values are composed of the expected current period earnings impact from differences in the changes in fair value of the equity
      asset holdings and the partially offsetting impact on the actuarial liabilities.
(3)   Sensitivities to changes in maintenance expenses and life insurance actuarial assumptions include the expected current period earnings impact from recognition of
      increased liabilities due to an adverse change in the given assumption over the lifetime of all in-force policies.




                                                                                        Consolidated Financial Statements       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       203
   Note 16      Segregated funds

We offer certain individual variable insurance contracts that allow policyholders to invest in segregated funds. The investment
returns on these funds are passed directly to the policyholders. Amounts invested are at the policyholders’ risk, except where the
policyholders have selected options providing maturity and death benefit guarantees. A liability for the guarantees is recorded in
Insurance claims and policy benefit liabilities.
     Segregated funds net assets are recorded at fair value. All of our segregated funds net assets are categorized as Level 1 in
the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the segregated funds liabilities is equal to the fair value of the segregated funds net
assets. Segregated funds net assets and segregated funds liabilities are presented on separate lines on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. The following tables present the composition of net assets and the changes in net assets for the year.

Segregated funds net assets
                                                                                                                   As at

                                                                                                          October 31             October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                2022                   2021
Cash                                                                                               $           39 $                   40
Investment in mutual funds                                                                                  2,598                  2,625
Other assets (liabilities), net                                                                                 1                      1
                                                                                                   $        2,638 $                2,666

Changes in net assets
                                                                                                            For the year ended

                                                                                                          October 31             October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                2022                   2021
Net assets at beginning of period                                                                  $        2,666 $                1,922
Additions (deductions):
  Deposits from policyholders                                                                                  859                    975
  Net realized and unrealized gains (losses)                                                                  (301)                   381
  Interest and dividends                                                                                        56                     51
  Payment to policyholders                                                                                    (573)                  (604)
  Management and administrative fees                                                                           (69)                   (59)
Net assets at end of period                                                                        $        2,638 $                2,666


   Note 17 Employee benefits – Pension and other post-employment benefits

Plan characteristics
We sponsor a number of programs that provide pension and post-employment benefits to eligible employees. The majority of
beneficiaries of the pension plans are located in Canada and other beneficiaries of the pension plans are primarily located in the
U.S., the U.K. and the Caribbean. The pension arrangements including investment, plan benefits and funding decisions are
governed by local pension committees or trustees, who are legally segregated from the Bank, or management. Significant plan
changes require the approval of the Board of Directors.
     Our defined benefit pension plans provide pension benefits based on years of service, contributions and average earnings at
retirement. Our primary defined benefit pension plans are closed to new members. New employees are generally eligible to join
defined contribution pension plans. The specific features of these plans vary by location. We also provide supplemental
non-registered (non-qualified) pension plans for certain executives and senior management that are typically unfunded or
partially funded.
     Our defined contribution pension plans provide pension benefits based on accumulated employee and Bank contributions.
The Bank contributions are based on a percentage of an employee’s annual earnings and a portion of the Bank contribution may
be dependent on the amount being contributed by the employee and their years of service.
     Our primary other post-employment benefit plans provide health, dental, disability and life insurance coverage and cover a
number of current and retired employees who are mainly located in Canada. These plans are unfunded unless required by
legislation.
     We measure our benefit obligations and pension assets as at October 31 each year. All plans are valued using the projected
unit-credit method. We fund our registered defined benefit pension plans in accordance with actuarially determined amounts
required to satisfy employee benefit obligations under current pension regulations. For our principal pension plan, the most
recent funding actuarial valuation was completed on January 1, 2022, and the next valuation will be completed on January 1, 2023.
     For the year ended October 31, 2022, total contributions to our pension plans (defined benefit and defined contribution
plans) and other post-employment benefit plans were $427 million and $79 million (October 31, 2021 – $456 million and
$75 million), respectively. For 2023, total contributions to our pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans are
expected to be $341 million and $84 million, respectively.

Risks
By their design, the defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefit plans expose the Bank to various risks such as
investment performance, reductions in discount rates used to value the obligations, increased longevity of plan members, future
inflation levels impacting future salary increases as well as future increases in healthcare costs. These risks will reduce over time
due to the membership closure of our primary defined benefit pension plans and migration to defined contribution pension plans.



204      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents the financial position related to all of our material pension and other post-employment benefit plans
worldwide, including executive retirement arrangements.

                                                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                                      October 31, 2022                                  October 31, 2021

                                                                                                                    Other post-                                     Other post-
                                                                                        Defined benefit            employment               Defined benefit       employment
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                           pension plans            benefit plans              pension plans        benefit plans
Canada
  Fair value of plan assets                                                             $            14,310       $              –          $          16,698     $                  –
  Present value of defined benefit obligation                                                        11,271                  1,387                     14,403                    1,703
Net surplus (deficit)                                                                   $              3,039      $        (1,387) $                    2,295     $          (1,703)
International
  Fair value of plan assets                                                             $                716      $                –        $           1,005     $                 –
  Present value of defined benefit obligation                                                            622                      75                      912                      77
Net surplus (deficit)                                                                   $                  94     $              (75) $                     93    $                (77)
Total
  Fair value of plan assets                                                             $            15,026       $              –          $          17,703     $                  –
  Present value of defined benefit obligation                                                        11,893                  1,462                     15,315                    1,780
Total net surplus (deficit)                                                             $              3,133      $        (1,462) $                    2,388     $          (1,780)
      Effect of asset ceiling                                                                               (8)                    –                        (6)                      –
Total net surplus (deficit), net of effect of asset ceiling                             $              3,125      $        (1,462) $                    2,382     $          (1,780)
Amounts recognized in our Consolidated Balance Sheets
 Employee benefit assets                                                                $              3,331 $                  – $                     2,640 $                   –
 Employee benefit liabilities                                                                           (206)              (1,462)                       (258)               (1,780)
Total net surplus (deficit), net of effect of asset ceiling                             $              3,125      $        (1,462) $                    2,382     $          (1,780)

The following table presents an analysis of the movement in the financial position related to all of our material pension and other
post-employment benefit plans worldwide, including executive retirement arrangements.

                                                                                                                         As at or for the year ended
                                                                                                     October 31, 2022                                   October 31, 2021

                                                                                                                    Other post-                                      Other post-
                                                                                       Defined benefit             employment                Defined benefit       employment
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                        pension plans (1)           benefit plans             pension plans (1)      benefit plans
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period                                      $        17,703             $           –             $        16,024        $           –
  Interest income                                                                                 580                         –                         432                    –
  Remeasurements
     Return on plan assets (excluding interest income)                                               (2,931)                       –                     1,614                       –
  Change in foreign currency exchange rate                                                              (62)                       –                       (21)                      –
  Contributions – Employer                                                                              177                       79                       221                      75
  Contributions – Plan participant                                                                       45                       20                        46                      19
  Payments                                                                                             (610)                     (99)                     (594)                    (94)
  Payments – amount paid in respect of settlements                                                        3                        –                        (2)                      –
  Business combinations/Disposals                                                                       135                        –                        (4)                      –
  Other                                                                                                 (14)                       –                       (13)                      –
Fair value of plan assets at end of period                                            $              15,026       $                –        $          17,703      $                 –
Benefit obligation at beginning of period                                             $              15,315 $               1,780           $          16,351      $             1,953
  Current service costs                                                                                 308                    42                         359                       46
  Past service costs                                                                                     (1)                    2                           –                       (1)
  Gains and losses on settlements                                                                        (3)                    –                           2                        –
  Interest expense                                                                                      496                    63                         439                       57
  Remeasurements
    Actuarial losses (gains) from demographic
      assumptions                                                                                        (2)                      (1)                        –                     (6)
    Actuarial losses (gains) from financial assumptions                                              (3,797)                    (341)                   (1,253)                  (184)
    Actuarial losses (gains) from experience adjustments                                                 83                       (9)                       (5)                    (2)
  Change in foreign currency exchange rate                                                              (47)                       6                       (24)                    (7)
  Contributions – Plan participant                                                                       45                       20                        46                     19
  Payments                                                                                             (610)                     (99)                     (594)                   (94)
  Payments – amount paid in respect of settlements                                                        3                        –                        (2)                     –
  Business combinations/Disposals                                                                       103                       (1)                       (4)                    (1)
Benefit obligation at end of period                                                   $              11,893       $         1,462           $          15,315      $             1,780
Unfunded obligation                                                                   $                  23       $         1,462           $              26      $             1,633
Wholly or partly funded obligation                                                                   11,870                     –                      15,289                      147
Total benefit obligation                                                              $              11,893       $         1,462           $          15,315      $             1,780
(1)     For pension plans with funding deficits, the benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets as at October 31, 2022 were $323 million and $117 million, respectively
        (October 31, 2021 – $413 million and $155 million, respectively).

                                                                                            Consolidated Financial Statements      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022         205
   Note 17 Employee benefits – Pension and other post-employment benefits (continued)

Pension and other post-employment benefit expense
The following table presents the composition of our pension and other post-employment benefit expense related to our material
pension and other post-employment benefit plans worldwide.

                                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                                                      Other post-employment
                                                                                              Pension plans                benefit plans
                                                                                        October 31     October 31      October 31    October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                               2022             2021         2022          2021
Current service costs                                                                   $     308     $       359     $      42      $     46
Past service costs                                                                             (1)               –            2            (1)
Gains and losses on settlements                                                                (3)               2            –             –
Net interest expense (income)                                                                 (84)               7           63            57
Remeasurements of other long term benefits                                                      –                –          (26)          (12)
Administrative expense                                                                         14               13            –             –
Defined benefit pension expense                                                         $     234     $       381     $         81   $     90
Defined contribution pension expense                                                          250             235                –          –
                                                                                        $     484     $       616     $         81   $     90

Service costs for the year ended October 31, 2022 totalled $305 million (October 31, 2021 – $356 million) for pension plans in Canada
and $2 million (October 31, 2021 – $3 million) for International plans. Net interest expense (income) for the year ended October 31,
2022 totalled $(83) million (October 31, 2021 – $7 million) for pension plans in Canada and $(1) million (October 31, 2021 – $nil) for
International plans.

Pension and other post-employment benefit remeasurements
The following table presents the composition of our remeasurements recorded in OCI related to our material pension and other
post-employment benefit plans worldwide.

                                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                        Defined benefit pension       Other post-employment
                                                                                                 plans                     benefit plans
                                                                                        October 31     October 31      October 31    October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                               2022             2021         2022          2021
Actuarial (gains) losses:
  Changes in demographic assumptions                                                    $       (2)   $        –      $      (1)     $     (6)
  Changes in financial assumptions                                                          (3,797)       (1,253)          (319)         (177)
  Experience adjustments                                                                        83            (5)            (5)            3
Return on plan assets (excluding interest based on discount rate)                            2,931        (1,614)             –             –
Change in asset ceiling (excluding interest income)                                              2             5              –             –
                                                                                        $    (783)    $ (2,867)       $    (325)     $   (180)

Remeasurements recorded in OCI for the year ended October 31, 2022 were gains of $798 million (October 31, 2021 – gains of
$2,819 million) for pension plans in Canada and losses of $15 million (October 31, 2021 – gains of $48 million) for International plans.

Investment policy and strategies
Defined benefit pension plan assets are invested prudently in order to meet our longer-term pension obligations. The pension
plans’ investment strategy is to hold a diversified mix of investments by asset class and geographic location in order to reduce
investment-specific risk to the funded status while maximizing the expected returns to meet pension obligations. Investment of
the plan’s assets follows an asset/liability framework as investment is conducted with careful consideration of the pension
obligation’s sensitivity to interest rates and credit spreads which are key risk factors impacting the obligation’s value. Factors
taken into consideration in developing our asset mix include but are not limited to the following:
    •    the nature of the underlying benefit obligations, including the duration and term profile of the liabilities;
    •    the member demographics, including expectations for normal retirements, terminations, and deaths;
    •    the financial position of the pension plans;
    •    the diversification benefits obtained by the inclusion of multiple asset classes; and
    •    expected asset returns, including asset and liability correlations, along with liquidity requirements of the plan.

To implement our asset mix policy, we may invest in debt securities, equity securities, and alternative investments. Our holdings
in certain investments, including common shares, debt securities rated lower than BBB and residential and commercial
mortgages, cannot exceed a defined percentage of the market value of our defined benefit pension plan assets. We may use
derivative instruments as either a synthetic investment to more efficiently replicate the performance of an underlying security, or
as a hedge against financial risks within the plan. To manage our credit risk exposure, where derivative instruments are not
centrally cleared, counterparties are required to meet minimum credit ratings and enter into collateral agreements.
     Our defined benefit pension plan assets are primarily comprised of debt and equity securities and alternative investments.
Our equity securities generally have unadjusted quoted market prices in an active market (Level 1) and our debt securities
generally have quoted market prices for similar assets in an active market (Level 2). Alternative investments and other includes
cash, hedge funds, and private fund investments including infrastructure equity, real estate leases and private debt and equity. In

206      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
the case of private fund investments, no quoted market prices are usually available (Level 2 or Level 3). These fund assets are
either valued by an independent valuator or priced using observable market inputs.
     During the year ended October 31, 2022, the management of defined benefit pension investments focused on increased
allocation to risk reducing investments and strategies, improving diversification, while striving to maintain expected investment
return. Over time, an increasing allocation to debt securities is being used to reduce asset/liability duration mismatch and hence
variability of the plan’s funded status due to interest rate movement. Longer maturity debt securities, given their price sensitivity
to movements in interest rates, are considered to be a good economic hedge to risk associated with the plan’s liabilities, which
are discounted using predominantly long maturity bond interest rates as inputs.

Asset allocation of defined benefit pension plans (1), (2)
                                                                                                                      As at

                                                                                   October 31, 2022                                              October 31, 2021

                                                                                    Percentage            Quoted                                 Percentage             Quoted
                                                                                        of total         in active                                   of total          in active
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentages)               Fair value         plan assets         market (3)            Fair value         plan assets          market (3)
Equity securities
  Domestic                                                       $     1,469                  10%             100%            $      1,879                11%                100%
  Foreign                                                              2,799                  19              100                    4,202                24                 100
Debt securities
  Domestic government bonds (4)                                        3,489                  23                  –                  3,766                21                  –
  Foreign government bonds                                               114                   1                  –                     71                 –                  –
  Corporate and other bonds                                            3,171                  21                  –                  3,844                22                  –
Alternative investments and other                                      3,984                  26                  8                  3,941                22                 12
                                                                 $ 15,026                   100%                30%           $ 17,703                   100%                37%
(1)   The asset allocation is based on the underlying investments held directly and indirectly through the funds as this is how we manage our investment policy and strategies.
(2)   Represents the total plan assets held in our Canadian and International pension plans.
(3)   If our assessment of whether or not an asset was quoted in an active market was based on direct investments, 34% of our total plan assets would be classified as quoted
      in an active market (October 31, 2021 – 41%).
(4)   Amounts are net of securities sold under repurchase agreements.


    As at October 31, 2022, the plan assets include 0.7 million (October 31, 2021 – 1.0 million) of our common shares with a fair
value of $89 million (October 31, 2021 – $128 million) and $48 million (October 31, 2021 – $29 million) of our debt securities. For the
year ended October 31, 2022, dividends received on our common shares held in the plan assets were $4 million (October 31, 2021 –
$4 million).

Maturity profile
The following table presents the maturity profile of our defined benefit pension plan obligation.

                                                                                                                                     As at October 31, 2022

(Millions of Canadian dollars, except participants and years)                                                   Canada                 International                         Total
Number of plan participants                                                                                    66,616                         6,043                     72,659
Actual benefit payments 2022                                                                              $        585                 $         22                 $       607
Benefits expected to be paid 2023                                                                                  643                           35                         678
Benefits expected to be paid 2024                                                                                  668                           34                         702
Benefits expected to be paid 2025                                                                                  691                           33                         724
Benefits expected to be paid 2026                                                                                  713                           35                         748
Benefits expected to be paid 2027                                                                                  733                           34                         767
Benefits expected to be paid 2028-2032                                                                           3,907                          189                       4,096
Weighted average duration of defined benefit payments                                                       12.4 years                   15.1 years                  12.5 years

Significant assumptions
Our methodologies to determine significant assumptions used in calculating the defined benefit pension and other post-
employment benefit expense are as follows:

Discount rate
For the Canadian pension and other post-employment benefit plans, all future expected benefit payments at each measurement
date are discounted at spot rates from a derived Canadian AA corporate bond yield curve. The derived curve is based on actual
short and mid-maturity corporate AA rates and extrapolated longer term rates. The extrapolated corporate AA rates are derived
from observed corporate A, corporate AA and provincial AA yields. For the International pension and other post-employment
benefit plans, all future expected benefit payments at each measurement date are discounted at spot rates from a local AA
corporate bond yield curve. Spot rates beyond 30 years are set to equal the 30-year spot rate. The discount rate is the equivalent
single rate that produces the same discounted value as that determined using the entire discount curve. This valuation
methodology does not rely on assumptions regarding reinvestment returns.




                                                                                      Consolidated Financial Statements           Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        207
      Note 17 Employee benefits – Pension and other post-employment benefits (continued)

Rate of increase in future compensation
The assumptions for increases in future compensation are developed separately for each plan, where relevant. Each assumption
is set based on the price inflation assumption and compensation policies in each market, as well as relevant local statutory and
plan-specific requirements.

Healthcare cost trend rates
Healthcare cost calculations are based on both short and long term trend assumptions established using the plan’s recent
experience as well as market expectations.

Weighted average assumptions to determine benefit obligation
                                                                                                                                                As at
                                                                                                                      Defined benefit pension            Other post-employment
                                                                                                                               plans                          benefit plans

                                                                                                                    October 31      October 31          October 31      October 31
                                                                                                                         2022            2021                  2022         2021
Discount rate                                                                                                           5.4%            3.3%               5.5%            3.6%
Rate of increase in future compensation                                                                                 3.0%            3.0%                n.a.            n.a.
Healthcare cost trend rates (1)
  – Medical                                                                                                                n.a.           n.a.             3.5%            3.4%
  – Dental                                                                                                                 n.a.           n.a.             3.1%            3.1%
(1)     For our other post-employment benefit plans, the assumed trend rates used to measure the expected benefit costs of the defined benefit obligations are also the
        ultimate trend rates.
n.a.    not applicable


Mortality assumptions
Mortality assumptions are significant in measuring our obligations under the defined benefit pension plans. These assumptions
have been set based on country specific statistics. Future longevity improvements have been considered and included where
appropriate. The following table summarizes the mortality assumptions used for material plans.

                                                                                                      As at
                                                             October 31, 2022                                                       October 31, 2021

                                     Life expectancy at 65 for a member currently at                          Life expectancy at 65 for a member currently at
                                               Age 65                             Age 45                              Age 65                                   Age 45
(In years)                                  Male          Female                Male         Female                Male           Female                  Male          Female
Country
  Canada                                     23.9             24.2              24.8             25.1               23.8             24.2                  24.8             25.1
  United Kingdom                             23.4             25.4              24.7             26.8               23.6             25.4                  25.3             27.2

Sensitivity analysis
Assumptions adopted can have a significant effect on the value of the obligations for defined benefit pension and other post-
employment benefit plans and are based on historical experience and market inputs. The increase (decrease) in obligation in the
following table has been determined for key assumptions assuming all other assumptions are held constant. In practice, this is
unlikely to occur, as changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. The following table presents the sensitivity analysis
of key assumptions for 2022.

                                                                                                                                            Increase (decrease)
                                                                                                                                                in obligation
                                                                                                                                                                   Other post-
                                                                                                                                    Defined benefit               employment
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                       pension plans               benefit plans
Discount rate
  Impact of 100 bps increase in discount rate                                                                                       $            (1,348)         $         (160)
  Impact of 100 bps decrease in discount rate                                                                                                     1,649                     198
Rate of increase in future compensation
  Impact of 50 bps increase in rate of increase in future compensation                                                                                   29                     –
  Impact of 50 bps decrease in rate of increase in future compensation                                                                                  (31)                    –
Mortality rate
  Impact of an increase in longevity by one additional year                                                                                             287                   20
Healthcare cost trend rate
  Impact of 100 bps increase in healthcare cost trend rate                                                                                              n.a.                  57
  Impact of 100 bps decrease in healthcare cost trend rate                                                                                              n.a.                 (48)
n.a. not applicable




208        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Consolidated Financial Statements
      Note 18 Other liabilities

                                                                                                                                                             As at
                                                                                                                                                    October 31            October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                         2022                  2021
Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                                                                        $        1,292 $               1,867
Accrued interest payable                                                                                                                              5,019                 2,178
Cash collateral                                                                                                                                      26,143                16,712
Commodity liabilities                                                                                                                                10,038                 7,916
Deferred income                                                                                                                                       3,660                 3,518
Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                                   439                    74
Dividends payable                                                                                                                                     1,856                 1,622
Employee benefit liabilities                                                                                                                          1,668                 2,038
Insurance related liabilities                                                                                                                           324                   366
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                     5,110                 5,077
Negotiable instruments                                                                                                                                1,715                 1,774
Payable to brokers, dealers and clients                                                                                                              10,974                 6,461
Payroll and related compensation                                                                                                                      8,991                 9,340
Precious metals certificates                                                                                                                            557                   613
Provisions                                                                                                                                              627                   601
Short-term borrowings of subsidiaries                                                                                                                 9,609                     –
Taxes payable                                                                                                                                         2,136                 3,403
Other                                                                                                                                                 5,077                 6,741
                                                                                                                                             $       95,235 $              70,301

      Note 19     Subordinated debentures

The debentures are unsecured obligations and are subordinated in right of payment to the claims of depositors and certain other
creditors. The amounts presented below are net of our own holdings in these debentures, and include the impact of fair value
hedges used for managing interest rate risk.
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage and foreign currency)                                                                                      As at
                                                                                                                      Denominated in
                                                                        Earliest par value         Interest          foreign currency              October 31             October 31
Maturity                                                                 redemption date               rate                 (millions)                2022                       2021
July 15, 2022 (1)                                                                                 5.38%                    US$150        $               – $                      188
June 8, 2023                                                                                      9.30%                                                110                        110
January 27, 2026 (2)                                                                              4.65%                 US$1,500                     1,884                      1,916
November 1, 2027 (3)                                         November 1, 2022                     4.75%                  TT$300                         60                         55
July 25, 2029 (2)                                                  July 25, 2024                  2.74% (4)                                          1,415                      1,499
December 23, 2029 (2)                                       December 23, 2024                     2.88% (5)                                          1,412                      1,489
June 30, 2030 (2)                                                 June 30, 2025                   2.09% (6)                                          1,250                      1,250
November 3, 2031 (2)                                         November 3, 2026                     2.14% (7)                                          1,637                      1,717
May 3, 2032 (2)                                                     May 3, 2027                   2.94% (8)                                            932                          –
January 28, 2033 (2)                                           January 28, 2028                   1.67% (9)                                            875                        943
October 1, 2083                                      Any interest payment date                                (10)                                     224                        224
June 29, 2085                                        Any interest payment date                                (11)         US$174                      237                        215
                                                                                                                                         $          10,036 $                    9,606
Deferred financing costs                                                                                                                               (11)                       (13)
                                                                                                                                         $          10,025 $                    9,593
(1)     On July 15, 2022, all US$150 million of outstanding 5.38% subordinated debentures matured.
(2)     The notes include NVCC provisions, necessary for the notes to qualify as Tier 2 regulatory capital under Basel III. NVCC provisions require the conversion of the
        instrument into a variable number of common shares in the event that OSFI deems the Bank non-viable or a federal or provincial government in Canada publicly
        announces that the Bank has accepted or agreed to accept a capital injection. In such an event, each note is convertible into common shares pursuant to an automatic
        conversion formula with a multiplier of 1.5 and a conversion price based on the greater of: (i) a floor price of $5.00 and (ii) the current market price of our common shares
        based on the volume weighted average trading price of our common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The number of shares issued is determined by dividing the
        par value of the note (including accrued and unpaid interest on such note) by the conversion price and then times the multiplier.
(3)     On November 1, 2022, we redeemed all TT$300 million of outstanding 4.75% subordinated debentures due on November 1, 2027 for 100% of their principal amount plus
        interest accrued to, but excluding, the redemption date.
(4)     Interest at stated interest rate until earliest par value redemption date, and thereafter at a rate of 0.98% above the 3-month CDOR.
(5)     Interest at stated interest rate until earliest par value redemption date, and thereafter at a rate of 0.89% above the 3-month CDOR.
(6)     Interest at stated interest rate until earliest par value redemption date, and thereafter at a rate of 1.31% above the 3-month CDOR.
(7)     Interest at stated interest rate until earliest par value redemption date, and thereafter at a rate of 0.61% above the 3-month CDOR.
(8)     Interest at stated interest rate until earliest par value redemption date, and thereafter at a rate of 0.76% above the 3-month CDOR.
(9)     Interest at stated interest rate until earliest par value redemption date, and thereafter at a rate of 0.55% above the 3-month CDOR.
(10)    Interest at a rate of 0.40% above the 30-day Bankers’ Acceptance rate.
(11)    Interest at a rate of 0.25% above the U.S. dollar 3-month London Interbank Mean Rate (LIMEAN). In the event of a reduction of the annual dividend we declare on our
        common shares, the interest payable on the debentures is reduced pro rata to the dividend reduction and the interest reduction is payable with the proceeds from the
        sale of newly issued common shares.

All redemptions, cancellations and exchanges of subordinated debentures are subject to the consent and approval of OSFI.

Maturity schedule
The aggregate maturities of subordinated debentures, based on the maturity dates under the terms of issue, are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                       As at
                                                                                                                                                                         October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                                               2022
Within 1 year                                                                                                                                                    $            110
1 to 5 years                                                                                                                                                                1,884
5 to 10 years                                                                                                                                                               6,706
Thereafter                                                                                                                                                                  1,336
                                                                                                                                                                 $         10,036

                                                                                         Consolidated Financial Statements           Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      209
      Note 20 Equity

Share capital
Authorized share capital
Preferred – An unlimited number of First Preferred Shares and Second Preferred Shares without nominal or par value, issuable in
series; the aggregate consideration for which all the First Preferred Shares and all the Second Preferred Shares that may be
issued may not exceed $20 billion and $5 billion, respectively.
     Common – An unlimited number of shares without nominal or par value may be issued.

Outstanding share capital
The following table details our common and preferred shares and other equity instruments outstanding.

                                                                                                            As at and for the year ended
                                                                                    October 31, 2022                                            October 31, 2021

                                                                     Number of                           Dividends             Number of                           Dividends
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except the number                        shares                            declared                shares                            declared
of shares and as otherwise noted)                                  (thousands)             Amount        per share           (thousands)               Amount      per share
Common shares issued
Balance at beginning of period                                        1,425,187        $ 17,728                                 1,423,861          $ 17,628
  Issued in connection with share-based
    compensation plans (1)                                                1,270       99                                            1,326               100
  Purchased for cancellation (2)                                        (40,866)    (509)                                               –                 –
Balance at end of period                                              1,385,591 $ 17,318                    $     4.96          1,425,187          $ 17,728            $    4.32
Treasury – common shares
Balance at beginning of period (3)                                          (662) $    (73)                                         (1,388) $   (129)
  Purchases                                                              (48,437)   (5,183)                                        (37,603)   (4,060)
  Sales                                                                   46,419     4,922                                          38,329     4,116
Balance at end of period (3)                                             (2,680) $  (334)                                            (662) $   (73)
Common shares outstanding                                             1,382,911 $ 16,984                                        1,424,525 $ 17,655
Preferred shares and other equity
  instruments issued
  First preferred (4)
    Non-cumulative, fixed rate
      Series BH                                                             6,000      $       150      $         1.23                6,000        $      150      $        1.23
      Series BI                                                             6,000              150                1.23                6,000               150               1.23
      Series BJ (5)                                                             –                –                0.33                6,000               150               1.31
    Non-cumulative, 5-Year Rate Reset
      Series AZ                                                           20,000               500                0.93              20,000                500               0.93
      Series BB                                                           20,000               500                0.91              20,000                500               0.91
      Series BD                                                           24,000               600                0.80              24,000                600               0.80
      Series BF                                                           12,000               300                0.75              12,000                300               0.75
      Series BO                                                           14,000               350                1.20              14,000                350               1.20
      Series BT (6)                                                          750               750              4.20%                    –                  –                  –
    Non-cumulative, fixed rate/floating rate
      Series C-2                                                                15               23     US$ 67.50                          15               23     US$ 67.50
  Other equity instruments
    Limited recourse capital notes (LRCNs) (7)
      Series 1 (8)                                                        1,750             1,750               4.50%                1,750              1,750              4.50%
      Series 2 (8)                                                        1,250             1,250               4.00%                1,250              1,250              4.00%
      Series 3 (8)                                                        1,000             1,000               3.65%                1,000              1,000              3.65%
                                                                        106,765        $    7,323                                  112,015         $    6,723
Treasury – preferred shares and other
  equity instruments
Balance at beginning of period (3)                                           (164) $           (39)                                      (2) $             (3)
  Purchases                                                                (2,811)            (518)                                  (6,306)             (683)
  Sales                                                                     2,963              552                                    6,144               647
Balance at end of period (3)                                                   (12) $            (5)                                   (164) $            (39)
Preferred shares and other equity
  instruments outstanding                                               106,753        $    7,318                                  111,851         $    6,684
(1)    Includes fair value adjustments to stock options of $6 million (October 31, 2021 – $11 million).
(2)    During the year ended October 31, 2022, we purchased common shares for cancellation at an average cost of $132.80 per share with a book value of $12.47 per share.
       During the year ended October 31, 2021, we did not purchase for cancellation any common shares.
(3)    Positive amounts represent a short position and negative amounts represent a long position.
(4)    First Preferred Shares were issued at $25 per share with the exception of Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares Series BT (Series BT) and
       Non-Cumulative Fixed Rate/Floating Rate First Preferred Shares Series C-2 (Series C-2) which were issued at $1,000 and US$1,000 per share (equivalent to US$25 per
       depositary share), respectively.
(5)    On February 24, 2022, we redeemed all 6 million of our issued and outstanding Non-Cumulative Fixed Rate First Preferred Shares Series BJ at a price of $25.75 per share.
(6)    On November 5, 2021, we issued 750 thousand Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares Series BT, totalling $750 million.
(7)    Each series of LRCNs (LRCN Series) were issued at a $1,000 per note. The number of shares represent the number of notes issued and the dividends declared per share
       represent the annual interest rate percentage applicable to the notes issued as at the reporting date.
(8)    In connection with the issuance of LRCN Series 1, we issued $1,750 million of Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares Series BQ (Series BQ); in
       connection with the issuance of LRCN Series 2, we issued $1,250 million of Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares Series BR (Series BR); in connection
       with the issuance of LRCN Series 3, we issued $1,000 million of Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares Series BS (Series BS). The Series BQ, BR and BS
       preferred shares were issued at a price of $1,000 per share and were issued to a consolidated trust to be held as trust assets in connection with each respective
       LRCN Series.



210       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      Consolidated Financial Statements
Significant terms and conditions of preferred shares and other equity instruments
                                                                                             Current                    Earliest
                                                     Current                                dividend                 redemption                                     Redemption
 As at October 31, 2022                          annual yield      Premium              per share (1)                   date (2)                 Issue date         price (2), (3)
 Preferred shares
   First preferred
     Non-cumulative, fixed rate
       Series BH (4)                                  4.90%                         $     .306250       November 24, 2020                    June 5, 2015           $      26.00
       Series BI (4)                                  4.90%                               .306250       November 24, 2020                   July 22, 2015                  26.00
     Non-cumulative, 5-Year
       Rate Reset (5)
       Series AZ (4)                                  3.70%         2.21%                 .231250            May 24, 2019             January 30, 2014                     25.00
       Series BB (4)                                  3.65%         2.26%                 .228125          August 24, 2019                June 3, 2014                     25.00
       Series BD (4)                                  3.20%         2.74%                 .200000            May 24, 2020             January 30, 2015                     25.00
       Series BF (4)                                  3.60%         2.62%                 .187500       November 24, 2020              March 13, 2015                      25.00
       Series BO (4)                                  4.80%         2.38%                 .300000        February 24, 2024           November 2, 2018                      25.00
       Series BT (4)                                  4.20%         2.71%               21.000000        February 24, 2027           November 5, 2021                   1,000.00
     Non-cumulative, fixed rate/
       floating rate
       Series C-2 (6)                                 6.75%       4.052%        US$16.875000              November 7, 2023           November 2, 2015            US$1,000.00
 Other equity instruments
   Limited recourse capital
     notes (7)
       Series 1 (8)                                   4.50%       4.137%                        n.a.       October 24, 2025              July 28, 2020              $1,000.00
       Series 2 (9)                                   4.00%       3.617%                        n.a.       January 24, 2026          November 2, 2020                1,000.00
       Series 3 (10)                                  3.65%       2.665%                        n.a.       October 24, 2026               June 8, 2021               1,000.00
(1)    With the exception of Series BT, non-cumulative preferential dividends of each Series are payable quarterly, as and when declared by the Board of Directors, on or about
       the 24th day (7th day for Series C-2) of February, May, August and November. In the case of Series BT, non-cumulative preferential dividends are payable semi-annually,
       as and when declared by the Board of Directors.
(2)    Subject to the consent of OSFI and the requirements of the Bank Act (Canada), we may, on or after the dates specified above, redeem First Preferred Shares. In the case
       of Series AZ, BB, BD, BF, and BO, these may be redeemed for cash at a price per share of $25 if redeemed on the earliest redemption date and on the same date every fifth
       year thereafter. In the case of BH and BI, these may be redeemed for cash at a price per share of $26 if redeemed during the 12 months commencing on the earliest
       redemption date and decreasing by $0.25 each 12-month period thereafter to a price per share of $25 if redeemed four years from the earliest redemption date or
       thereafter. Series BT may be redeemed for cash at a price per share of $1,000 if redeemed on the earliest redemption date and on the same date every fifth year
       thereafter. Series C-2 may be redeemed at a price of US$1,000 on the earliest redemption date and any dividend payment date thereafter.
(3)    Subject to the consent of OSFI and the requirements of the Bank Act (Canada), we may purchase the First Preferred Shares of each Series for cancellation at the lowest
       price or prices at which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, such shares are obtainable.
(4)    The preferred shares include NVCC provisions, necessary for the shares to qualify as Tier 1 regulatory capital under Basel III. NVCC provisions require the conversion of
       the instrument into a variable number of common shares in the event that OSFI deems the Bank non-viable or a federal or provincial government in Canada publicly
       announces that the Bank has accepted or agreed to accept a capital injection. In such an event, each preferred share is convertible into common shares pursuant to an
       automatic conversion formula with a multiplier of 1 and with a conversion price based on the greater of: (i) a floor price of $5 and (ii) the current market price of our
       common shares based on the volume weighted average trading price of our common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The number of shares issued is determined
       by dividing the preferred share value by the conversion price.
(5)    The dividend rate will reset on the earliest redemption date and every fifth year thereafter at a rate equal to the 5-year Government of Canada bond yield plus the
       premium indicated. The holders have the option to convert their shares into non-cumulative floating rate First Preferred Shares subject to certain conditions on the
       earliest redemption date and every fifth year thereafter at a rate equal to the three-month Government of Canada Treasury Bill rate plus the premium indicated.
(6)    The dividend rate will change on the earliest redemption date at a rate equal to the 3-month LIBOR plus the premium indicated. Series C-2 do not qualify as Tier 1
       regulatory capital.
(7)    The current annual yield on each LRCN Series represents the annual interest rate applicable to the notes issued as at the reporting date. The payments of interest and
       principal in cash on the LRCN Series are made at our discretion, and non-payment of interest and principal in cash does not constitute an event of default. In the event of
       (i) non-payment of interest on any interest payment date, (ii) non-payment of the redemption price in case of a redemption of a LRCN Series, (iii) non-payment of
       principal at the maturity of a LRCN Series, or (iv) an event of default on a LRCN Series, holders of such LRCN Series will have recourse only to the assets (Trust Assets)
       held by a third-party trustee in a consolidated trust in respect of such LRCN Series and each such noteholder will be entitled to receive its pro rata share of the Trust
       Assets. In such an event, the delivery of the Trust Assets for each LRCN Series will represent the full and complete extinguishment of our obligations under the related
       LRCN Series. The LRCNs include NVCC provisions, necessary for the shares to qualify as Tier 1 regulatory capital under Basel III. NVCC provisions require the conversion
       of the instrument into a variable number of common shares in the event that OSFI deems the Bank non-viable or a federal or provincial government in Canada publicly
       announces that the Bank has accepted or agreed to accept a capital injection. In such an event, each note is automatically redeemed and the redemption price will be
       satisfied by the delivery of Trust Assets, which will consist of common shares pursuant to an automatic conversion of the series of preferred shares that were issued
       concurrently with the related LRCN Series. Each series of preferred shares include an automatic conversion formula with a conversion price based on the greater of: (i) a
       floor price of $5 and (ii) the current market price of our common shares based on the volume weighted average trading price of our common shares on the Toronto Stock
       Exchange. The number of common shares issued in respect of each series of preferred shares will be determined by dividing the preferred share value ($1,000 plus
       declared and unpaid dividends) by the conversion price. The number of common shares delivered to each noteholder will be based on such noteholder’s pro rata interest
       in the Trust Assets. Subject to the consent of OSFI, we may purchase LRCNs for cancellation at such price or prices and upon such terms and conditions as we in our
       absolute discretion may determine, subject to any applicable law restricting the purchase of notes.
(8)    LRCN Series 1 bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.5% per annum until November 24, 2025, and thereafter at a rate per annum, reset every fifth year, equal to the 5-Year
       Government of Canada Yield plus 4.137% until maturity on November 24, 2080. The interest is paid semi-annually on or about the 24th day of May and November. LRCN
       Series 1 is redeemable during the period from October 24 to and including November 24, commencing in 2025 and every fifth year thereafter to the extent we redeem
       Series BQ pursuant to their terms and subject to the consent of OSFI and requirements of the Bank Act (Canada).
(9)    LRCN Series 2 bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.0% per annum until February 24, 2026, and thereafter at a rate per annum, reset every fifth year, equal to the 5-Year
       Government of Canada Yield plus 3.617% until maturity on February 24, 2081. The interest is paid semi-annually on or about the 24th day of February and August. LRCN
       Series 2 is redeemable during the period from January 24 to and including February 24, commencing in 2026 and every fifth year thereafter to the extent we redeem Series
       BR pursuant to their terms and subject to the consent of OSFI and requirements of the Bank Act (Canada).
(10)   LRCN Series 3 bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.65% per annum until November 24, 2026, and thereafter at a rate per annum, reset every fifth year, equal to the 5-Year
       Government of Canada Yield plus 2.665% until maturity on November 24, 2081. The interest is paid semi-annually on or about the 24th day of May and November. LRCN
       Series 3 is redeemable during the period from October 24 to and including November 24, commencing in 2026 and every fifth year thereafter to the extent we redeem
       Series BS pursuant to their terms and subject to the consent of OSFI and requirements of the Bank Act (Canada).
n.a.   not applicable




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        211
      Note 20 Equity (continued)

Restrictions on the payment of dividends
We are prohibited by the Bank Act (Canada) from declaring any dividends on our preferred or common shares when we are, or
would be placed as a result of the declaration, in contravention of the capital adequacy and liquidity regulations or any
regulatory directives issued under the Act. We may not pay dividends on our common shares at any time unless all dividends to
which preferred shareholders are then entitled have been declared and paid or set apart for payment.
    Currently, these limitations do not restrict the payment of dividends on our preferred or common shares.

Dividend reinvestment plan
Our dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) provides common and preferred shareholders with a means to receive additional
common shares rather than cash dividends. The plan is only open to shareholders residing in Canada or the U.S. The
requirements of our DRIP are satisfied through either open market share purchases or shares issued from treasury. During 2022
and 2021, the requirements of our DRIP were satisfied through open market share purchases.

Shares available for future issuances
As at October 31, 2022, 42.7 million common shares are available for future issue relating to our DRIP and potential exercise of
stock options and awards outstanding. In addition, we may issue up to 38.9 million common shares from treasury under the RBC
Umbrella Savings and Securities Purchase Plan that was approved by shareholders on February 26, 2009.

      Note 21 Share-based compensation

Stock option plans
We have stock option plans for certain key employees. Under the plans, options are periodically granted to purchase common
shares. The exercise price for the majority of the grants is determined as the higher of the volume-weighted average of the
trading prices per board lot (100 shares) of our common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange (i) on the day preceding the day
of grant; and (ii) the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the day of grant. The exercise price for the remaining
grants is the closing market share price of our common shares on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant. All options
vest over a four-year period, and are exercisable for a period not exceeding 10 years from the grant date.
     The compensation expense recorded for the year ended October 31, 2022, in respect of the stock option plans was $8 million
(October 31, 2021 – $6 million). The compensation expense related to non-vested options was $4 million at October 31, 2022
(October 31, 2021 – $3 million), to be recognized over the weighted average period of 2.0 years (October 31, 2021 – 2.0 years).
     Analysis of the movement in the number and weighted average exercise price of options is set out below:

A summary of our stock option activity and related information
                                                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                               October 31, 2022                                  October 31, 2021

                                                                                    Number of                  Weighted               Number of                   Weighted
                                                                                      options                   average                 options                    average
(Canadian dollars per share except share amounts)                                 (thousands)           exercise price (1)          (thousands)            exercise price (1)
Outstanding at beginning of period                                                      7,055           $         92.27                   6,973            $          86.02
Granted                                                                                 1,184                    129.99                   1,251                      106.00
Exercised (2), (3)                                                                       (684)                    73.98                  (1,150)                      65.56
Forfeited in the period                                                                   (46)                   104.28                     (19)                      93.23
Outstanding at end of period                                                                 7,509      $            100.07                  7,055         $           92.27
Exercisable at end of period                                                                 3,502      $              87.15                 3,273         $           80.38
(1)     The weighted average exercise prices reflect the conversion of foreign currency-denominated options at the exchange rates as of October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021.
        For foreign currency-denominated options exercised during the year, the weighted average exercise prices are translated using exchange rates as at the settlement date.
(2)     Cash received for options exercised during the year was $51 million (October 31, 2021 – $75 million) and the weighted average share price at the date of exercise was
        $134.10 (October 31, 2021 – $115.11).
(3)     New shares were issued for all stock options exercised in 2022 and 2021.


Options outstanding as at October 31, 2022 by range of exercise price
                                                                              Options outstanding                                          Options exercisable
                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                  average
                                                                Number                  Weighted               remaining              Number                  Weighted
(Canadian dollars per share except                          outstanding                  average             contractual           exercisable                 average
share amounts and years)                                    (thousands)          exercise price (1)           life (years)        (thousands)          exercise price (1)
$48.22 – $74.39                                                     890          $         70.05                      2.31                 890         $         70.05
$78.28 – $90.23                                                   1,409                    86.99                      3.54               1,409                   86.99
$96.55 – $102.33                                                  1,743                    98.90                      5.19               1,203                   99.96
$104.70 – $106.00                                                 2,299                   105.40                      7.66                   –                         –
$129.99                                                           1,168                   129.99                      9.12                   –                         –
                                                                     7,509       $            100.07                   5.91                3,502       $              87.15
(1)     The weighted average exercise prices reflect the conversion of foreign currency-denominated options at the exchange rate as of October 31, 2022.




212       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Consolidated Financial Statements
The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year ended October 31, 2022 was estimated at $7.80 (October 31,
2021 – $4.65). This was determined by applying the Black-Scholes model on the date of grant, taking into account the specific
terms and conditions under which the options are granted, such as the vesting period and expected share price volatility
estimated by considering the historic average share price volatility over a historical period corresponding to the expected option
life. The following assumptions were used to determine the fair value of options granted:

Weighted average assumptions
                                                                                                                              For the year ended
                                                                                                                           October 31        October 31
(Canadian dollars per share except percentages and years)                                                                   2022                2021
Share price at grant date                                                                                              $ 128.48             $ 104.86
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                   1.25%               0.48%
Expected dividend yield                                                                                                   3.66%               4.59%
Expected share price volatility                                                                                             13%                 14%
Expected life of option                                                                                                  6 Years             6 Years

Employee savings and share ownership plans
We offer many employees an opportunity to own our common shares through savings and share ownership plans. Under these
plans, the employees can generally contribute between 1% and 10% of their annual salary or benefit base for commission-based
employees. For each contribution between 1% and 6%, we will match 50% of the employee contributions in our common shares.
For the RBC Dominion Securities Savings Plan, our maximum annual contribution is $4,500 per employee. For the RBC U.K. Share
Incentive Plan, our maximum annual contribution is £1,500 per employee. For the year ended October 31, 2022, we contributed
$128 million (October 31, 2021 – $123 million), under the terms of these plans, towards the purchase of our common shares. As at
October 31, 2022, an aggregate of 36 million common shares were held under these plans (October 31, 2021 – 36 million common
shares).

Deferred share and other plans
We offer deferred share unit plans to executives, certain key employees and non-employee directors of the Bank. Under these
plans, participants may choose to receive all or a percentage of their annual variable short-term incentive bonus, commission, or
directors’ fee in the form of deferred share units (DSUs). The participants must elect to participate in the plan prior to the
beginning of the year. DSUs earn dividend equivalents in the form of additional DSUs at the same rate as dividends on common
shares. The participant is not allowed to convert the DSUs until retirement or termination of employment/directorship. The cash
value of the DSUs is equivalent to the market value of common shares when conversion takes place.
    We also offer unit awards for certain key employees within Capital Markets. The bonus is invested as RBC share units and a
specified percentage vests on a specified number of anniversary dates each year. Each vested amount is paid in cash and is
based on the original number of share units granted plus accumulated dividends, valued using the average closing price of RBC
common shares during the five trading days immediately preceding the vesting date.
    We offer performance deferred share award plans to certain key employees, all of which vest at the end of three years. Upon
vesting, the award is paid in cash and is based on the original number of RBC share units granted plus accumulated dividends
valued using the average closing price of RBC common shares during the five trading days immediately preceding the vesting
date. A portion of the award under certain plans may be increased or decreased up to 25%, depending on our total shareholder
return compared to a defined peer group of global financial institutions.
    We maintain non-qualified deferred compensation plans for certain key employees in the U.S. These plans allow eligible
employees to defer a portion of their annual income and a variety of productivity and recruitment bonuses and allocate the
deferrals among specified fund choices, including a RBC Share Accounted fund that tracks the value of our common shares.
    The following table presents the units granted under the deferred share and other plans for the year.

Units granted under deferred share and other plans
                                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                   October 31, 2022                          October 31, 2021

                                                                                                Weighted                                 Weighted
                                                                                 Units           average                Units             average
                                                                               granted          fair value            granted            fair value
(Units and per unit amounts)                                               (thousands)            per unit        (thousands)              per unit
Deferred share unit plans                                                             469       $ 131.49                      462       $       113.34
Capital Markets compensation plan unit awards                                       3,794         125.22                    4,066               128.95
Performance deferred share award plans                                              2,220         129.65                    2,486               106.10
Deferred compensation plans                                                            92         135.44                       87               104.21
Other share-based plans                                                             1,083         128.50                      767               109.24
                                                                                    7,658       $ 127.48                    7,868       $       118.62


Our liabilities for the awards granted under the deferred share and other plans are measured at fair value, determined based on
the quoted market price of our common shares and specified fund choices as applicable. Annually, our obligation is increased by
additional units earned by plan participants, and is reduced by forfeitures, cancellations, and the settlement of vested units. In
addition, our obligation is impacted by fluctuations in the market price of our common shares and specified fund units. For
performance deferred share award plans, the estimated outcome of meeting the performance conditions also impacts our
obligation.



                                                                Consolidated Financial Statements     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       213
      Note 21 Share-based compensation (continued)

    The following tables present the units that have been earned by the participants, our obligations for these earned units
under the deferred share and other plans, and the related compensation expenses (recoveries) recognized for the year.

Obligations under deferred share and other plans
                                                                                                                        As at
                                                                                                     October 31, 2022                October 31, 2021

                                                                                                     Units       Carrying             Units        Carrying
(Millions of Canadian dollars except units)                                                    (thousands)        amount        (thousands)         amount
Deferred share unit plans                                                                            5,429      $    684              5,001         $ 644
Capital Markets compensation plan unit awards                                                        9,398         1,182              9,925           1,280
Performance deferred share award plans                                                               6,006           757              6,216             801
Deferred compensation plans (1)                                                                      2,537           319              2,574             331
Other share-based plans                                                                              1,772           218              1,724             216
                                                                                                    25,142      $ 3,160              25,440         $ 3,272
(1)     Excludes obligations not determined based on the quoted market price of our common shares.


Compensation expenses recognized under deferred share and other plans
                                                                                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                                                                                     October 31         October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                         2022                2021
Deferred share unit plans                                                                                                            $   20             $   205
Capital Markets compensation plan unit awards                                                                                           210                 518
Performance deferred share award plans                                                                                                  273                 506
Deferred compensation plans                                                                                                            (261)                627
Other share-based plans                                                                                                                  91                 142
                                                                                                                                     $ 333              $ 1,998

      Note 22 Income taxes

Components of tax expense
                                                                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                                                                     October 31         October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                            2022               2021
Income taxes (recoveries) in Consolidated Statements of Income
Current tax
  Tax expense for current year                                                                                                       $ 4,151            $ 4,893
  Adjustments for prior years                                                                                                           (230)               (92)
  Recoveries arising from previously unrecognized tax loss, tax credit or temporary difference
    of a prior period                                                                                                                       –                 (16)
                                                                                                                                        3,921               4,785
Deferred tax
  Origination and reversal of temporary difference                                                                                         232              (216)
  Effects of changes in tax rates                                                                                                            4                (4)
  Adjustments for prior years                                                                                                              231                74
  Recoveries arising from previously unrecognized tax loss, tax credit or temporary difference of a prior
    period, net                                                                                                                           (86)                (58)
                                                                                                                                          381                (204)
                                                                                                                                        4,302               4,581
Income taxes (recoveries) in Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and Changes in Equity
  Other comprehensive income
    Net unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities and loans at fair value through other comprehensive
      income                                                                                                                             (633)                (35)
    Provision for credit losses recognized in income                                                                                       (2)                  –
    Reclassification of net losses (gains) on debt securities and loans at fair value through other
      comprehensive income to income                                                                                                        2                (28)
    Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses)                                                                                  2                  1
    Net foreign currency translation gains (losses) from hedging activities                                                              (478)               591
    Reclassification of losses (gains) on net investment hedging activities to income                                                       6                  –
    Net gains (losses) on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges                                                                      628                485
    Reclassification of losses (gains) on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges to income                                             70                 97
    Remeasurements of employee benefit plans                                                                                              287                796
    Net fair value change due to credit risk on financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit
      or loss                                                                                                                            622                 20
    Net gains (losses) on equity securities designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                                   (3)                17
  Share-based compensation awards                                                                                                         10                (17)
  Distributions on other equity instruments and issuance costs                                                                           (45)               (42)
                                                                                                                                         466              1,885
Total income taxes                                                                                                                   $ 4,768            $ 6,466

214       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022     Consolidated Financial Statements
The effective income tax rate of 21.4% decreased 80 bps, primarily due to higher tax-exempt income and an increase in income
from lower tax rate jurisdictions in the current year.
    The following is an analysis of the differences between the income tax expense reflected in the Consolidated Statements of
Income and the amounts calculated at the Canadian statutory rate.

Reconciliation to statutory tax rate
                                                                                                                             For the year ended
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except for percentage amounts)                                               October 31, 2022                  October 31, 2021
Income taxes at Canadian statutory tax rate                                                             $ 5,269             26.2%        $ 5,405              26.2%
Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from:
  Lower average tax rate applicable to subsidiaries                                                          (428)          (2.1)                 (361)          (1.8)
  Tax-exempt income from securities                                                                          (437)          (2.2)                 (379)          (1.8)
  Tax rate change                                                                                               4              –                    (4)             –
  Other                                                                                                      (106)          (0.5)                  (80)          (0.4)
Income taxes in Consolidated Statements of Income / effective tax rate                                  $ 4,302             21.4%        $ 4,581              22.2%

Deferred tax assets and liabilities result from tax loss and tax credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax
basis of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities
                                                                                    As at and for the year ended October 31, 2022

                                                        Net asset Change          Change     Exchange                     Net asset
                                                      beginning of through       through          rate Acquisitions/         end of
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                             period    equity profit or loss differences    disposals Other   period
Net deferred tax asset/(liability)
 Allowance for credit losses           $                          974 $        – $               2 $                 11 $                – $          – $          987
 Deferred compensation                                          1,614        (10)             (211)                 101                 10            –          1,504
 Business realignment charges                                      11          –                 1                    –                  –            –             12
 Tax loss and tax credit carryforwards                            242          –                67                    2                  8            3            322
 Deferred (income) expense                                        110         (1)             (126)                  23                  –            –              6
 Financial instruments measured at
    fair value through other
    comprehensive income                                          (19)        (2)                  –                  5                   –           –            (16)
 Premises and equipment and
    intangibles                                                 (836)                              4                (57)              (345)           –       (1,234)
 Pension and post-employment
    related                                                      (163)  (287)                   19                   4                  (8)           –           (435)
 Other                                                              4     22                  (137)                 (6)                  4            –           (113)
                                       $                        1,937 $ (278) $               (381) $               83 $              (331) $         3 $        1,033
Comprising
  Deferred tax assets                                 $         2,011                                                                                     $      1,472
  Deferred tax liabilities                                        (74)                                                                                            (439)
                                                      $         1,937                                                                                     $      1,033

                                                                                      As at and for the year ended October 31, 2021


                                                         Net asset       Change           Change           Exchange                                       Net asset
                                                       beginning of      through         through                rate Acquisitions/                           end of
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                              period         equity   profit or loss       differences    disposals                 Other     period
Net deferred tax asset/(liability)
 Allowance for credit losses           $                        1,362 $        – $             (372) $              (16) $                – $         – $           974
 Deferred compensation                                          1,269         17                396                 (68)                  –           –           1,614
 Business realignment charges                                       9          –                  2                   –                   –           –              11
 Tax loss and tax credit carryforwards                            204          –                 40                  (2)                  –           –             242
 Deferred (income) expense                                       (104)         6                205                   3                   –           –             110
 Financial instruments measured at
    fair value through other
    comprehensive income                                          (68)        45                  (1)                 5                   –           –             (19)
 Premises and equipment and
    intangibles                                                  (784)         –                (82)                 30                               –           (836)
 Pension and post-employment
    related                                                       592       (796)                45                  (4)                  –           –            (163)
 Other                                                             47        (12)               (29)                  3                   –          (5)              4
                                       $                        2,527 $     (740) $             204 $               (49) $                – $        (5) $        1,937
Comprising
  Deferred tax assets                                 $         2,579                                                                                     $       2,011
  Deferred tax liabilities                                        (52)                                                                                              (74)
                                                      $         2,527                                                                                     $       1,937



                                                                                Consolidated Financial Statements      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022          215
      Note 22 Income taxes (continued)

The tax loss and tax credit carryforwards amount of deferred tax assets primarily relates to losses and tax credits in our
Canadian, U.S., and Caribbean operations. Deferred tax assets of $322 million were recognized at October 31, 2022 (October 31,
2021 – $242 million) in respect of tax losses and tax credits incurred in current or preceding years for which recognition is
dependent on the projection of future taxable profits. Management’s forecasts support the assumption that it is probable that
the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize the deferred tax assets. The forecasts rely on
continued liquidity and capital support to our business operations, including tax planning strategies implemented in relation to
such support.
     As at October 31, 2022, unused tax losses and tax credits of $429 million and $130 million (October 31, 2021 – $384 million and
$207 million) available to be offset against potential tax adjustments or future taxable income were not recognized as deferred
tax assets. There are no unused tax losses that will expire within one year (October 31, 2021 – $nil), or in two to four years
(October 31, 2021 – $2 million) and there are $429 million of unused tax losses that will expire after four years (October 31, 2021 –
$382 million). There are no tax credits that will expire in one year (October 31, 2021 – $nil), $93 million that will expire in two to
four years (October 31, 2021 – $115 million) and $37 million that will expire after four years (October 31, 2021 – $92 million).
     The amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and associates and interests in
joint ventures for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized in the parent bank is $26 billion as at October 31, 2022
(October 31, 2021 – $20 billion).

Tax examinations and assessments
During the year, we received a reassessment from the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) in respect of the 2017 taxation year, which
suggests that Royal Bank of Canada owes additional taxes of approximately $237 million as they denied the deductibility of
certain dividends. The reassessment received during the year is consistent with the reassessments received for taxation years
2012 to 2016 of approximately $1,391 million of additional income taxes and the reassessments received for taxation years 2009 to
2011 of approximately $434 million of additional income taxes and interest in respect of the same matter. These amounts
represent the maximum additional taxes owing for those years.
     Legislative amendments introduced in the 2015 Canadian Federal Budget resulted in disallowed deduction of dividends from
transactions with Taxable Canadian Corporations including those hedged with Tax Indifferent Investors, namely pension funds
and non-resident entities with prospective application effective May 1, 2017. The dividends to which the reassessments relate
include both dividends in transactions similar to those which are the target of the 2015 legislative amendments and dividends
which are unrelated to the legislative amendments.
     It is possible that the CRA will reassess us for significant additional income tax for subsequent years on the same basis. In all
cases, we are confident that our tax filing position was appropriate and intend to defend ourselves vigorously.

Government of Canada Budget 2022
On April 7, 2022, the Government of Canada presented its 2022 budget, which included measures focused on ensuring banking
and life insurers’ groups help pay a portion of the costs of the Canadian federal government’s COVID-19 pandemic response. On
November 22, 2022, Bill C-32, Fall Economic Statement Implementation Act, 2022 (the Bill) received second reading in the House
of Commons. The Bill includes a Canada Recovery Dividend (CRD) and a permanent increase in the corporate income tax rate.
The CRD is a one-time 15% tax for 2022 determined based on the average taxable income above $1 billion for taxation years 2020
and 2021 and payable in equal installments over five years. The permanent increase in the corporate income tax rate is 1.5% on
taxable income above $100 million and would apply to taxation years that end after April 7, 2022.
    The Bill is not yet substantively enacted and timing of enactment remains uncertain. Based on the draft legislation, which
remains subject to amendments prior to enactment, the CRD is expected to reduce net income by approximately $1 billion and
other comprehensive income by approximately $0.1 billion when substantively enacted.

      Note 23      Earnings per share

                                                                                                                                                   For the year ended
                                                                                                                                                October 31           October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except share and per share amounts)                                                                                  2022                  2021
Basic earnings per share
 Net income                                                                                                                               $      15,807        $        16,050
 Dividends on preferred shares and distributions on other equity instruments                                                                       (247)                  (257)
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                               (13)                   (12)
      Net income available to common shareholders                                                                                         $      15,547        $        15,781
      Weighted average number of common shares (in thousands)                                                                                 1,403,654            1,424,343
      Basic earnings per share (in dollars)                                                                                               $       11.08        $       11.08
Diluted earnings per share
  Net income available to common shareholders                                                                                             $      15,547        $        15,781
      Weighted average number of common shares (in thousands)                                                                                 1,403,654            1,424,343
      Stock options (1)                                                                                                                           1,918                1,737
      Issuable under other share-based compensation plans                                                                                           462                  655
      Average number of diluted common shares (in thousands)                                                                                  1,406,034            1,426,735
      Diluted earnings per share (in dollars)                                                                                             $       11.06        $       11.06
(1)     The dilutive effect of stock options was calculated using the treasury stock method. When the exercise price of options outstanding is greater than the average market
        price of our common shares, the options are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. For the year ended October 31, 2022 and the year ended
        October 31, 2021, no outstanding options were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share.



216       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Consolidated Financial Statements
   Note 24       Guarantees, commitments, pledged assets and contingencies

Guarantees and commitments
We use guarantees and other off-balance sheet credit instruments to meet the financing needs of our clients.
     The table below summarizes our maximum exposure to credit losses related to our guarantees and commitments provided
to third parties. The maximum exposure to credit risk relating to a guarantee is the maximum risk of loss if there was a total
default by the guaranteed parties, without consideration of possible recoveries under recourse provisions, insurance policies or
from collateral held or pledged. The maximum exposure to credit risk relating to a commitment to extend credit is the full amount
of the commitment. In both cases, the maximum risk exposure is significantly greater than the amount recognized as a liability in
our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

                                                                                                                            Maximum exposure
                                                                                                                             to credit losses
                                                                                                                                  As at
                                                                                                                        October 31         October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                               2022               2021
Financial guarantees
  Financial standby letters of credit                                                                                  $ 20,291           $ 16,867
Commitments to extend credit
  Backstop liquidity facilities                                                                                          45,336             38,405
  Credit enhancements                                                                                                     2,960              2,537
  Documentary and commercial letters of credit                                                                              318                447
  Other commitments to extend credit                                                                                    284,602            248,522
Other credit-related commitments
  Securities lending indemnifications                                                                                    90,693             99,797
  Performance guarantees                                                                                                  7,333              7,195
  Sponsored member guarantees                                                                                             1,241                142
  Other                                                                                                                     360                326

Our credit review process, our policy for requiring collateral security, and the types of collateral security held are generally the
same for guarantees and commitments as for loans. Our clients generally have the right to request settlement of, or draw on, our
guarantees and commitments within one year. However, certain guarantees can only be drawn if specified conditions are met.
These conditions, along with collateral requirements, are described below. We believe that it is highly unlikely that all or
substantially all of the guarantees and commitments will be drawn or settled within one year, and contracts may expire without
being drawn or settled.

Financial guarantees
Financial standby letters of credit
Financial standby letters of credit represent irrevocable assurances that we will make payments in the event that a client cannot
meet its payment obligations to the third party. For certain guarantees, the guaranteed party can request payment from us even
though the client has not defaulted on its obligations. These guarantees generally have a term of five to seven years.
     Our policy for requiring collateral security with respect to these instruments and the types of collateral security held is
generally the same as for loans. When collateral security is taken, it is determined on an account-by-account basis according to
the risk of the borrower and the specifics of the transaction. Collateral security may include cash, securities and other assets
pledged.

Commitments to extend credit
Backstop liquidity facilities
Backstop liquidity facilities are provided to ABCP conduit programs administered by us and third parties as an alternative source
of financing in the event that such programs are unable to access commercial paper markets, or in limited circumstances, when
predetermined performance measures of the financial assets acquired or financed by these programs are not met. The average
remaining term of these liquidity facilities is approximately four years.
     The terms of the backstop liquidity facilities do not require us to advance money to these programs in the event of
bankruptcy or insolvency and generally do not require us to purchase non-performing or defaulted assets.

Credit enhancements
We provide partial credit enhancement to multi-seller ABCP programs administered by us to protect commercial paper investors
in the event that the collections on the underlying assets together with the transaction-specific credit enhancements or the
liquidity facilities prove to be insufficient to pay for maturing commercial paper. Each of the asset pools is structured to achieve
a high investment grade credit profile through credit enhancements required to be provided by the third-party sellers related to
each transaction. The average remaining term of these credit facilities is approximately three years.

Documentary and commercial letters of credit
Documentary and commercial letters of credit, which are written undertakings by us on behalf of a client authorizing a third party
to draw drafts on us up to a stipulated amount under specific terms and conditions, where some are collateralized based on the
underlying agreement with the client and others are collateralized by cash deposits or other assets of the client.




                                                                 Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      217
      Note 24    Guarantees, commitments, pledged assets and contingencies (continued)

Other commitments to extend credit
Commitments to extend credit represent unused portions of authorizations to extend credit in the form of loans, reverse
repurchase agreements, bankers’ acceptances or letters of credit where we do not have the ability to unilaterally withdraw the
credit extended to the borrower.

Other credit-related commitments
Securities lending indemnifications
In securities lending transactions, we act as an agent for the owner of a security, who agrees to lend the security to a borrower
for a fee, under the terms of a pre-arranged contract. The borrower must fully collateralize the security loaned at all times. As
part of this custodial business, an indemnification may be provided to securities lending customers to ensure that the fair value
of securities loaned will be returned in the event that the borrower fails to return the borrowed securities and the collateral held
is insufficient to cover the fair value of those securities. These indemnifications normally terminate without being drawn upon.
The term of these indemnifications varies, as the securities loaned are recallable on demand. Collateral held for our securities
lending transactions typically includes cash, securities that are issued or guaranteed by the Canadian government, U.S.
government or other OECD countries or high quality debt or equity instruments.

Performance guarantees
Performance guarantees represent irrevocable assurances that we will make payments to third-party beneficiaries in the event
that a client fails to perform under a specified non-financial contractual obligation. Such obligations typically include works and
service contracts, performance bonds, and warranties related to international trade. The term of these guarantees can range up
to three to seven years.
     Our policy for requiring collateral security with respect to these instruments and the types of collateral security held is
generally the same as for loans. When collateral security is taken, it is determined on an account-by-account basis according to
the risk of the borrower and the specifics of the transaction. Collateral security may include cash, securities and other assets
pledged.

Sponsored member guarantees
For certain overnight repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions, we act as a sponsoring member to eligible clients to clear
transactions through the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (FICC). We also provide a guarantee to FICC for the prompt and full
payment and performance of our sponsored member clients’ respective obligations under the FICC rules. The guarantees are
fully collateralized by cash and securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government.

Indemnifications
In the normal course of our operations, we provide indemnifications which are often standard contractual terms to
counterparties in transactions such as purchase and sale contracts, fiduciary, agency, licensing, custodial and service
agreements, clearing system arrangements, participation as a member of exchanges, director/officer contracts and leasing
transactions. These indemnification agreements may require us to compensate the counterparties for costs incurred as a result
of changes in laws and regulations (including tax legislation) or as a result of litigation claims or statutory sanctions that may be
suffered by the counterparty as a consequence of the transaction. The terms of these indemnification agreements vary based on
the contract. The nature of the indemnification agreements prevents us from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum
potential amount we could be required to pay to counterparties. Historically, we have not made any significant payments under
such indemnifications.

Uncommitted amounts
Uncommitted amounts represent undrawn credit facilities for which we have the ability to unilaterally withdraw the credit
extended to the borrower at any time. These include both retail and commercial commitments. As at October 31, 2022, the total
balance of uncommitted amounts was $363 billion (October 31, 2021 – $333 billion).

Other commitments
We invest in private companies, directly or through third-party investment funds, including Small Business Investment
Companies, real estate funds and Low Income Housing Tax Credit funds. These funds are generally structured as closed-end
limited partnerships wherein we hold a limited partner interest. For the year ended October 31, 2022, we have unfunded
commitments of $1,421 million (October 31, 2021 – $1,396 million) representing the aggregate amount of cash we are obligated to
contribute as capital to these partnerships under the terms of the relevant contracts.

Pledged assets and collateral
In the ordinary course of business, we pledge assets and enter into collateral agreements with terms and conditions that are
usual and customary to our regular lending, borrowing and trading activities recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The
following are examples of our general terms and conditions on pledged assets and collateral:
     •   The risks and rewards of the pledged assets reside with the pledgor.
     •   The pledged asset is returned to the pledgor when the necessary conditions have been satisfied.
     •   The right of the pledgee to sell or re-pledge the asset is dependent on the specific agreement under which the collateral
         is pledged.
     •   If there is no default, the pledgee must return the comparable asset to the pledgor upon satisfaction of the obligation.




218      Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
We are also required to provide intraday pledges to the Bank of Canada when we use a real-time electronic wire transfer system
that continuously processes all Canadian dollar large-value or time-critical payments throughout the day. The pledged assets
earmarked for our Canadian dollar large-value or time-critical payments are normally released back to us at the end of the
settlement cycle each day. Therefore, the pledged assets amount is not included in the following table. For the year ended
October 31, 2022, we had on average $2 billion of assets pledged intraday to the Bank of Canada on a daily basis
(October 31, 2021 – $2 billion). There are infrequent occasions where we are required to take an overnight advance from the Bank
of Canada to cover a settlement requirement, in which case an equivalent value of the pledged assets would be used to secure
the advance. There were no overnight advances taken on October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021.

Assets pledged against liabilities and collateral assets held or re-pledged
                                                                                                                                                            As at
                                                                                                                                                   October 31           October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                           2022               2021
Sources of pledged assets and collateral
Bank assets
  Loans                                                                                                                                        $       97,178       $    79,282
  Securities                                                                                                                                           70,334            66,277
  Other assets                                                                                                                                         40,318            25,981
                                                                                                                                                   207,830              171,540
Client assets (1)
  Collateral received and available for sale or re-pledging                                                                                        465,484              454,844
  Less: not sold or re-pledged                                                                                                                      (9,192)             (17,436)
                                                                                                                                                   456,292              437,408
                                                                                                                                               $ 664,122            $ 608,948
Uses of pledged assets and collateral
 Securities borrowing and lending                                                                                                              $ 158,748            $ 154,699
 Obligations related to securities sold short                                                                                                     45,288               46,151
 Obligations related to securities lent or sold under repurchase agreements                                                                      274,392              263,005
 Securitization                                                                                                                                   40,438               39,687
 Covered bonds                                                                                                                                    62,905               46,699
 Derivative transactions                                                                                                                          49,556               31,941
 Foreign governments and central banks                                                                                                             9,503                7,314
 Clearing systems, payment systems and depositories                                                                                                8,263                3,809
 Other                                                                                                                                            15,029               15,643
                                                                                                                                               $ 664,122            $ 608,948
(1)    Primarily relates to Obligations related to securities lent or sold under repurchase agreements, Securities lent and Derivative transactions.


      Note 25     Legal and regulatory matters

We are a large global institution that is subject to many different complex legal and regulatory requirements that continue to
evolve. We are and have been subject to a variety of legal proceedings, including civil claims and lawsuits, regulatory
examinations, investigations, audits and requests for information by various governmental regulatory agencies and law
enforcement authorities in various jurisdictions. Some of these matters may involve novel legal theories and interpretations and
may be advanced under criminal as well as civil statutes, and some proceedings could result in the imposition of civil, regulatory
enforcement or criminal penalties. We review the status of all proceedings on an ongoing basis and will exercise judgment in
resolving them in such manner as we believe to be in our best interest. In many proceedings, it is inherently difficult to determine
whether any loss is probable or to reliably estimate the amount of any loss. This is an area of significant judgment and
uncertainty and the extent of our financial and other exposure to these proceedings after taking into account current provisions
could be material to our results of operations in any particular period. The following is a description of our significant legal
proceedings.

London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) litigation
Royal Bank of Canada and other U.S. dollar panel banks have been named as defendants in private lawsuits filed in the U.S. with
respect to the setting of U.S. dollar LIBOR including a number of class action lawsuits which have been consolidated before the
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaints in those private lawsuits assert claims against us and
other panel banks under various U.S. laws, including U.S. antitrust laws, the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, and state law. On
December 30, 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit issued an opinion affirming in part and reversing in part
certain district court rulings that had dismissed a substantial portion of the consolidated class action on jurisdictional grounds
and lack of standing. The Second Circuit remanded the matter to the district court for further proceedings consistent with its
decision.
     Based on the facts currently known, it is not possible at this time for us to predict the ultimate outcome of these proceedings
or the timing of their resolution.




                                                                                        Consolidated Financial Statements       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        219
  Note 25     Legal and regulatory matters (continued)

Royal Bank of Canada Trust Company (Bahamas) Limited proceedings
On April 13, 2015, a French investigating judge notified Royal Bank of Canada Trust Company (Bahamas) Limited (RBC Bahamas)
of the issuance of an ordonnance de renvoi referring RBC Bahamas and other unrelated persons to the French tribunal
correctionnel to face the charge of complicity in estate tax fraud relating to actions taken relating to a trust for which RBC
Bahamas serves as trustee. RBC Bahamas believes that its actions did not violate French law and contested the charge in the
French court. On January 12, 2017, the French court acquitted all parties including RBC Bahamas and on June 29, 2018, the French
appellate court affirmed the acquittals. The acquittals were appealed and on January 6, 2021, the French Supreme Court issued a
judgment reversing the decision of the French Court of Appeal and sent the case back to the French Court of Appeal for
rehearing. The Court of Appeal has scheduled a new trial to begin on September 18, 2023.
     On October 28, 2016, Royal Bank of Canada was granted an exemption by the U.S. Department of Labor that allows Royal
Bank of Canada and its current and future affiliates to continue to qualify for the Qualified Professional Asset Manager (QPAM)
exemption under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act despite any potential conviction of RBC Bahamas in the French
proceeding for a temporary one year period from the date of conviction. In addition, the Department of Labor has proposed
amendments to the QPAM exemption. If the amendments are finalized as proposed, it is unclear how they would affect Royal
Bank of Canada’s ability to obtain relief beyond the one-year temporary exemption period.
     RBC Bahamas continues to review the trustee’s and the trust’s legal obligations, including liabilities and potential liabilities
under applicable tax and other laws. Based on the facts currently known, it is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate
outcome of these matters; however, we believe that the ultimate resolution will not have a material effect on our consolidated
financial position, although it may be material to our results of operations in the period it occurs.

Foreign exchange matters
Beginning in 2015, putative class actions were brought against Royal Bank of Canada and/or RBC Capital Markets, LLC in the U.S.,
Canada, the United Kingdom and Brazil. These actions were each brought against multiple foreign exchange dealers and allege,
among other things, collusive behaviour in global foreign exchange trading. In August 2018, the U.S. District Court entered a final
order approving RBC Capital Markets, LLC’s pending settlement with class plaintiffs. In November 2018, certain institutional
plaintiffs who had previously opted-out of participating in the settlement filed their own lawsuit in the U.S. District Court (the
“Opt Out Action”). In May 2020, the U.S. District Court dismissed Royal Bank of Canada from the Opt Out Action. The plaintiffs
refiled their claim and in July 2021, the U.S. District Court granted a motion in favour of RBC Capital Markets, LLC to dismiss the
action, however, denied the motion as to Royal Bank of Canada.
     Royal Bank of Canada has reached a settlement for an immaterial amount with respect to a U.S. action brought by a different
class of plaintiffs. The Canadian class actions have been settled.
     In its discretion Royal Bank of Canada may choose to resolve claims, litigations, or similar matters at any time. Based on the
facts currently known, it is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate outcome of the Foreign Exchange Matters or the
timing of their ultimate resolution.

U.S. communications recordkeeping inquiry
In October 2022, our subsidiary RBC Capital Markets, LLC received a request for information and documents from the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) concerning compliance with records preservation requirements relating to business
communications exchanged on electronic channels that have not been approved by RBC Capital Markets, LLC. RBC Capital
Markets, LLC is cooperating with the SEC’s inquiry. As has been publicly reported, the SEC is conducting similar inquiries into
recordkeeping practices at multiple other financial institutions.
      Based on the facts currently known, it is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate outcome of this inquiry or the timing
of its resolution.

U.K. Competition and Markets Authority investigation
RBC Europe Limited is engaging with the U.K. Competition and Markets Authority in respect of an investigation of alleged anti-
competitive arrangements in the financial services sector between 2009 and 2013. The outcome and resulting financial impact of
this investigation is unknown and not reliably estimable.

Other matters
We are a defendant in a number of other actions alleging that certain of our practices and actions were improper. The lawsuits
involve a variety of complex issues and the timing of their resolution is varied and uncertain. Management believes that we will
ultimately be successful in resolving these lawsuits, to the extent that we are able to assess them, without material financial
impact to the Bank. This is, however, an area of significant judgment and the potential liability resulting from these lawsuits
could be material to our results of operations in any particular period.
     Various other legal proceedings are pending that challenge certain of our other practices or actions. While this is an area of
significant judgment and some matters are currently inestimable, we consider that the aggregate liability, to the extent that we
are able to assess it, resulting from these other proceedings will not be material to our consolidated financial position or results
of operations.

  Note 26     Related party transactions

Related parties
Related parties include associated companies over which we have direct or indirect control or have significant influence and
post-employment benefit plans for the benefit of our employees. Related parties also include key management personnel (KMP),
the Board of Directors (Directors), close family members of KMP and Directors, and entities which are, directly or indirectly,
controlled by or jointly controlled by KMP, Directors or their close family members.



220    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
Key management personnel and Directors
KMP are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling our activities,
directly or indirectly. They include the senior members of our organization called the Group Executive (GE). The GE is comprised
of the President and Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Officers and Group Heads, who report directly to him. The Directors do
not plan, direct, or control the activities of the entity; they oversee the management of the business and provide stewardship.

Compensation of Key management personnel and Directors
                                                                                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                                                                                      October 31       October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                         2022 (1)             2021
Salaries and other short-term employee benefits (2)                                                                                                   $    27          $      19
Post-employment benefits (3)                                                                                                                                 2                 3
Share-based payments                                                                                                                                       40                 35
                                                                                                                                                      $        69      $         57
(1)   During the year ended October 31, 2022 certain executives, who were members of the Bank’s GE as at October 31, 2021, left the Bank and therefore were no longer part of
      KMP. Compensation for the year ended October 31, 2022 attributable to the former executives, including benefits and share-based payments relating to awards granted in
      prior years was $14 million.
(2)   Includes the portion of the annual variable short-term incentive bonus that certain executives elected to receive in the form of DSUs. Refer to Note 21 for further details.
      Directors receive retainers but do not receive salaries and other short-term employee benefits.
(3)   Directors do not receive post-employment benefits.


Stock options, stock awards and shares held by Key management personnel, Directors and their close family members
                                                                                                                                              As at
                                                                                                                       October 31, 2022 (1)               October 31, 2021 (2)

                                                                                                                        No. of                            No. of
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except number of units)                                                              units held         Value          units held           Value
Stock options (3)                                                                                                   2,409,294          $ 59           2,369,659            $ 81
Other non-option stock based awards (3)                                                                               914,496           115             983,004             127
RBC common and preferred shares                                                                                       170,312             22            183,783               24
                                                                                                                    3,494,102          $ 196          3,536,446            $ 232
(1)   During the year ended October 31, 2022 certain executives, who were members of the Bank’s GE as at October 31, 2021, left the Bank and therefore were no longer part of
      KMP. Total shareholdings and options held upon their departure was 569,470 units with a value of $34 million.
(2)   During the year ended October 31, 2021 certain directors, who were members of the Board of Directors as at October 31, 2020, retired. Total shareholdings held upon their
      retirement was 21,723 units with a value of $3 million.
(3)   Directors do not receive stock options or any other non-option stock based awards.


Transactions, arrangements and agreements involving Key management personnel, Directors and their close family
members
In the normal course of business, we provide certain banking services to KMP, Directors, and their close family members. These
transactions were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and security, as for comparable transactions
with persons of a similar standing and did not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavourable
features.
     As at October 31, 2022, total loans to KMP, Directors and their close family members were $14 million (October 31, 2021 –
$14 million). We have no stage 3 allowance or provision for credit losses relating to these loans as at and for the years ended
October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021. No guarantees, pledges or commitments have been given to KMP, Directors or their close
family members.

Joint ventures and associates
In the normal course of business, we provide certain banking and financial services to our joint ventures and associates,
including loans, interest and non-interest bearing deposits. These transactions meet the definition of related party transactions
and were made on substantially the same terms as for comparable transactions with third parties.
     As at October 31, 2022, loans to joint ventures and associates were $251 million (October 31, 2021 – $340 million) and deposits
from joint ventures and associates were $20 million (October 31, 2021 – $13 million). We have no Stage 3 allowance or provision
for credit losses relating to loans to joint ventures and associates as at and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and October 31,
2021. $1 million of guarantees have been given to joint ventures and associates for the year ended October 31, 2022 (October 31,
2021 – $1 million).

Other transactions, arrangements or agreements involving joint ventures and associates
                                                                                                                                                          As at or for the year
                                                                                                                                                                 ended
                                                                                                                                                      October 31       October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                          2022              2021
Commitments and other contingencies                                                                                                                   $ 829            $ 1,017
Other fees received for services rendered                                                                                                                 50                48
Other fees paid for services received                                                                                                                    107               108




                                                                                       Consolidated Financial Statements       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022           221
  Note 27    Results by business segment

Composition of business segments
For management purposes, based on the products and services offered, we are organized into five business segments:
Personal & Commercial Banking, Wealth Management, Insurance, Investor & Treasury Services and Capital Markets.

Personal & Commercial Banking provides a broad suite of financial products and services to individuals and businesses for their
day-to-day banking, investing and financing needs through two businesses: Canadian Banking and Caribbean & U.S. Banking. In
Canada, we provide a broad suite of financial products and services through our large branch network, automated teller
machines, and mobile sales network. In the Caribbean and the U.S., we offer a broad range of financial products and services in
targeted markets. Non-interest income in Personal & Commercial Banking mainly comprises Service charges, Mutual fund
revenue and Card service revenue.

Wealth Management serves high net worth and ultra-high net worth individual and institutional clients with a comprehensive
suite of advice-based solutions and strategies to help them achieve their financial goals through our lines of businesses in
Canada, the U.S., the U.K., Europe and Asia, including Canadian Wealth Management, U.S. Wealth Management (including City
National), Global Asset Management, and International Wealth Management. Non-interest income in Wealth Management mainly
comprises Investment management and custodial fees, Mutual fund revenue and Securities brokerage commissions.

Insurance has operations in Canada and globally, operating under two business lines: Canadian Insurance and
International Insurance, providing a wide range of advice and solutions for individual and business clients including life, health,
wealth, home, auto, travel, annuities and reinsurance. In Canada, we offer our products and services through a wide variety of
channels, comprised of mobile advisors, advice centres, RBC Insurance® stores, and digital platforms as well as through
independent brokers and partners. Outside Canada, we operate in reinsurance and retrocession markets globally offering life,
disability and longevity reinsurance products. Non-interest income in Insurance comprises Insurance premiums, investment and
fee income.

Investor & Treasury Services offers custody, fund administration, shareholder services, private capital services, middle office
transaction banking (including trade finance, insourced solutions and services to broker dealers), and treasury and market
services (including cash/liquidity management, foreign exchange and securities finance). Non-interest income in Investor &
Treasury Services mainly comprises Investment management and custodial fees, and Foreign exchange revenue, other than
trading.

Capital Markets provides expertise in advisory & origination, sales & trading, and lending & financing to corporations,
institutional clients, asset managers, private equity firms and governments globally in our two main business lines: Corporate &
Investment Banking and Global Markets. In North America, we offer a full suite of products and services which include equity and
debt origination and distribution, advisory services, and sales & trading. Outside North America, we have a targeted strategic
presence in the U.K. & Europe, Australia, Asia & other markets aligned to our global expertise. In the U.K. & Europe, we offer a
diversified set of capabilities in key industry sectors of focus. In Australia and Asia, we compete with global and regional
investment banks in targeted areas aligned to our global expertise, including fixed income distribution and currencies trading,
secured financing, as well as corporate and investment banking. Non-interest income in Capital Markets mainly includes Trading
revenue, Underwriting and other advisory fees and Credit fees.

All other enterprise level activities that are not allocated to these five business segments, such as certain treasury and liquidity
management activities, including amounts associated with unattributed capital, and consolidation adjustments, including the
elimination of the Taxable equivalent basis (Teb) gross-up amounts, are included in Corporate Support. Teb adjustments gross
up income from certain tax-advantaged sources from Canadian taxable corporate dividends and U.S. tax credit investments
recorded in Capital Markets to their effective tax equivalent value with the corresponding offset recorded in the provision for
income taxes. Management believes that these Teb adjustments are necessary for Capital Markets to reflect how it is managed
and enhances the comparability of revenue across our taxable and tax-advantaged sources. Our use of Teb adjustments may not
be comparable to similarly adjusted amounts at other financial institutions. The Teb adjustment for the year ended October 31,
2022 was $572 million (October 31, 2021 – $518 million). Gains (losses) on economic hedges of our U.S. Wealth Management
(including City National) share-based compensation plans, which are reflected in revenue, and related variability in share-based
compensation expense driven by changes in the fair value of liabilities relating to these plans are also included in Corporate
Support as this presentation more closely aligns with how we view business performance and manage the underlying risks.

Geographic segments
For geographic reporting, our segments are grouped into Canada, the U.S. and Other International. Transactions are primarily
recorded in the location that best reflects the risk due to negative changes in economic conditions and prospects for growth due
to positive economic changes. This location frequently corresponds with the location of the legal entity through which the
business is conducted and the location of our clients. Transactions are recorded in the local currency and are subject to foreign
exchange rate fluctuations with respect to the movement in the Canadian dollar.

Management reporting framework
Our management reporting framework is intended to measure the performance of each business segment as if it were a stand-
alone business and reflects the way that the business segment is managed. This approach is intended to ensure that our
business segments’ results include all applicable revenue and expenses associated with the conduct of their business and
depicts how management views those results. We regularly monitor these segment results for the purpose of making decisions
about resource allocation and performance assessment. These items do not impact our consolidated results.
    The expenses in each business segment may include costs or services directly incurred or provided on their behalf at the
enterprise level. For other costs not directly attributable to one of our business segments, we use a management reporting
framework that uses assumptions and methodologies for allocating overhead costs and indirect expenses to our business
222   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022   Consolidated Financial Statements
segments and that assists in the attribution of capital and the transfer pricing of funds to our business segments in a manner that
consistently measures and aligns the economic costs with the underlying benefits and risks of that specific business segment.
Activities and business conducted between our business segments are generally at market rates. All other enterprise level
activities that are not allocated to our five business segments are reported under Corporate Support.
     Our assumptions and methodologies used in our management reporting framework are periodically reviewed by us to
ensure that they remain valid. The capital attribution methodologies involve a number of assumptions that are revised
periodically.

                                                                                           For the year ended October 31, 2022
                                            Personal &                              Investor &
                                           Commercial     Wealth                      Treasury    Capital       Corporate                                   United        Other
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                Banking Management Insurance            Services Markets (1)     Support (1)           Total     Canada       States International
Net interest income (2)                    $ 14,019 $         3,634 $     – $            498 $       4,698 $        (132) $       22,717 $ 15,761 $         5,423 $          1,533
Non-interest income                           6,124          11,215   3,510            1,725         4,422          (728)         26,268   13,508           6,364            6,396
Total revenue                                  20,143        14,849        3,510       2,223         9,120          (860)         48,985      29,269       11,787            7,929
Provision for credit losses                       463            34            –          (3)          (11)            1             484         600           60             (176)
Insurance policyholder benefits,
  claims and acquisition expense                    –             –        1,783           –             –             –           1,783        (466)           –            2,249
Non-interest expense                            8,437        10,701          588       1,569         5,561          (247)         26,609      13,648        9,006            3,955
Net income (loss) before income
  taxes                                        11,243          4,114       1,139         657         3,570          (614)         20,109      15,487        2,721            1,901
Income taxes (recoveries)                       2,873            970         282         144           649          (616)          4,302       3,615          452              235
Net income                                 $    8,370 $        3,144 $       857 $       513 $       2,921 $            2 $       15,807 $ 11,872 $         2,269 $          1,666
Non-interest expense includes:
 Depreciation and amortization             $       942 $         931 $        57 $       190 $         502 $          12 $         2,634 $      1,617 $        776 $          241
 Impairment of other intangibles                    11             2           2           1             2             –              18           11            5              2

Total assets                               $ 602,824 $ 174,964 $ 21,918 $263,362 $ 794,032 $ 60,119 $1,917,219 $992,485 $570,255 $ 354,479
Total assets include:
  Additions to premises and
    equipment and intangibles              $       394 $       2,265 $        49 $         84 $        256 $         630 $         3,678 $      1,263 $        666 $         1,749

Total liabilities                          $ 602,741 $ 174,986 $ 22,588 $263,206 $ 793,826 $ (48,303) $1,809,044 $884,394 $570,266 $ 354,384


                                                                                            For the year ended October 31, 2021
                                            Personal &                              Investor &
                                           Commercial     Wealth                      Treasury      Capital     Corporate                                    United          Other
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                Banking Management        Insurance     Services   Markets (1)   Support (1)           Total     Canada        States   International
Net interest income (2)                    $    12,621 $       2,689 $         – $        460 $      4,553 $        (321) $       20,002 $ 13,947 $          4,447 $         1,608
Non-interest income                              5,725        10,607       5,600        1,704        5,634           421          29,691   15,454            8,083           6,154
Total revenue                                   18,346        13,296       5,600        2,164       10,187           100          49,693       29,401       12,530           7,762
Provision for credit losses                       (187)          (47)         (1)          (8)        (509)           (1)           (753)        (203)        (277)           (273)
Insurance policyholder benefits,
  claims and acquisition expense                     –             –       3,891            –            –             –           3,891        2,036            –           1,855
Non-interest expense                             7,978         9,929         596        1,589        5,427           405          25,924       12,897        9,107           3,920
Net income (loss) before income
  taxes                                         10,555         3,414       1,114          583        5,269          (304)         20,631       14,671        3,700           2,260
Income taxes (recoveries)                        2,708           788         225          143        1,082          (365)          4,581        3,599          649             333
Net income                                 $     7,847 $       2,626 $       889 $        440 $      4,187 $           61 $       16,050 $ 11,072 $          3,051 $         1,927
Non-interest expense includes:
 Depreciation and amortization             $       923 $         883 $        59 $        197 $        497 $            4 $         2,563 $     1,594 $        728 $          241
 Impairment of other intangibles                     5             3           1            2           18              –              29          16           11              2

Total assets                               $ 549,702 $       148,990 $ 22,724 $ 240,055 $ 692,278 $               52,574 $ 1,706,323 $ 964,747 $ 454,949 $               286,627
Total assets include:
  Additions to premises and
    equipment and intangibles              $       503 $         752 $        48 $         80 $        355 $         459 $          2,197 $     1,238 $        739 $          220

Total liabilities                          $ 549,619 $       149,096 $ 22,966 $ 239,960 $ 691,767 $ (45,847) $ 1,607,561 $ 866,287 $ 454,903 $                           286,371
(1)     Taxable equivalent basis.
(2)     Interest revenue is reported net of interest expense as we rely primarily on net interest income as a performance measure.


      Note 28 Nature and extent of risks arising from financial instruments

We are exposed to credit, market and liquidity and funding risks as a result of holding financial instruments. Our risk
measurement and objectives, policies and methodologies for managing these risks are disclosed in the shaded text along with
those tables specifically marked with an asterisk (*) in the Credit risk section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis. These
shaded text and tables are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
    Concentrations of credit risk exist if a number of our counterparties are engaged in similar activities, are located in the same
geographic region or have comparable economic characteristics such that their ability to meet contractual obligations would be
similarly affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions.




                                                                                       Consolidated Financial Statements          Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      223
      Note 28 Nature and extent of risks arising from financial instruments (continued)

    Concentrations of credit risk indicate the relative sensitivity of our performance to developments affecting a particular
industry or geographic location. The amounts of credit exposure associated with certain of our on- and off-balance sheet
financial instruments are summarized in the following tables.

                                                                                                      As at October 31, 2022

(Millions of Canadian dollars,                                                    United                                                 Other
except percentage amounts)                            Canada           %          States          %          Europe             % International             %               Total
On-balance sheet assets other
 than derivatives (1)                           $ 759,037 65% $ 263,736 23% $                                87,671         8% $           48,991         4% $ 1,159,435
Derivatives before master
 netting agreements (2), (3)                          32,434 20%                 35,921 23%                  72,885 46%                    17,439 11%                   158,679
                                                $ 791,471 60% $ 299,657 23% $ 160,556 12% $                                                66,430         5% $ 1,318,114
Off-balance sheet credit
  instruments (4)
Committed and uncommitted (5) $ 398,719 57% $ 223,624 32% $                                                  52,669  8% $                  20,857         3% $          695,869
Other                            79,110 66%    13,847 12%                                                    24,476 20%                     2,485         2%            119,918
                                                $ 477,829 59% $ 237,471 29% $                                77,145         9% $           23,342         3% $          815,787


                                                                                                       As at October 31, 2021

(Millions of Canadian dollars,                                                    United                                                   Other
except percentage amounts)                            Canada           %          States          %          Europe             %   International           %                Total
On-balance sheet assets other
 than derivatives (1)                           $     701,779      67% $        213,389        20% $          85,271        8% $            49,001        5% $        1,049,440
Derivatives before master
 netting agreements (2), (3)                           19,927      21%            23,910       25%            45,717      47%                 7,111       7%              96,665
                                                $     721,706      63% $        237,299        21% $        130,988       11% $             56,112        5% $        1,146,105
Off-balance sheet credit
  instruments (4)
Committed and uncommitted (5) $                       370,479      59% $        196,692        32% $          46,187       8% $               9,335       1% $           622,693
Other                                                  82,010      66%           14,014        11%            26,920      22%                 1,383       1%             124,327
                                                $     452,489      61% $        210,706        28% $          73,107      10% $             10,718        1% $           747,020
(1)     Includes Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed, Loans and Customers’ liability under acceptances. The largest concentrations
        in Canada are Ontario at 56% (October 31, 2021 – 56%), the Prairies at 15% (October 31, 2021 – 16%), British Columbia and the territories at 15% (October 31, 2021 – 14%) and
        Quebec at 10% (October 31, 2021 – 10%). No industry accounts for more than 20% (October 31, 2021 – 20%) of total on-balance sheet credit instruments with the exception
        of Banking, which accounted for 26% (October 31, 2021 – 24%), and Government, which accounted for 32% (October 31, 2021 – 37%). The classification of our sectors aligns
        with our view of credit risk by industry.
(2)     A further breakdown of our derivative exposures by risk rating and counterparty type is provided in Note 9.
(3)     Excludes valuation adjustments determined on a pooled basis.
(4)     Balances presented are contractual amounts representing our maximum exposure to credit risk.
(5)     Represents our maximum exposure to credit risk. Retail and wholesale commitments respectively comprise 45% and 55% of our total commitments (October 31, 2021 –
        45% and 55%). The largest concentrations in the wholesale portfolio relate to Financial services at 15% (October 31, 2021 – 13%), Real estate and related at 12%
        (October 31, 2021 – 10%), Utilities at 11% (October 31, 2021 – 10%), Other services at 7% (October 31, 2021 – 8%), and Oil and gas at 6% (October 31, 2021 – 6%). The
        classification of our sectors aligns with our view of credit risk by industry.


      Note 29 Capital management

Regulatory capital and capital ratios
OSFI formally establishes risk-based capital and leverage minimums and Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) ratios for deposit-
taking institutions in Canada. We are required to calculate our capital ratios using the Basel III framework. Under Basel III,
regulatory capital includes Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. CET1 capital mainly consists of common shares,
retained earnings and other components of equity. Regulatory adjustments under Basel III include deductions of goodwill and
other intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, defined benefit pension fund assets, investments in banking, financial and
insurance entities, and the shortfall of provisions to expected losses. Tier 1 capital comprises predominantly CET1 and Additional
Tier 1 items including non-cumulative preferred shares and LRCNs that meet certain criteria. Tier 2 capital includes subordinated
debentures that meet certain criteria, certain loan loss allowances and non-controlling interests in subsidiaries’ Tier 2
instruments. Total capital is the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. External TLAC instruments comprise predominantly senior bail-in
debt, which includes eligible senior unsecured debt with an original term to maturity of greater than 400 days and remaining term
to maturity of greater than 365 days. TLAC available is defined as the sum of Total capital and other TLAC instruments.
     Regulatory capital ratios are calculated by dividing CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital by risk-weighted assets. The leverage ratio
is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by an exposure measure. The exposure measure consists of total assets (excluding items
deducted from Tier 1 capital) and certain off-balance sheet items converted into credit exposure equivalents. Adjustments are
also made to derivatives and secured financing transactions to reflect credit and other risks.




224        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Consolidated Financial Statements
During 2022 and 2021, we complied with all applicable capital, leverage and TLAC requirements, including the domestic stability
buffer, imposed by OSFI.

                                                                                                                                                              As at
                                                                                                                                                    October 31            October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except percentage amounts and as otherwise noted)                                                                         2022                 2021
Capital (1)
  CET1 capital                                                                                                                                  $     76,945          $    75,583
  Tier 1 capital                                                                                                                                      84,242               82,246
  Total capital                                                                                                                                       93,850               92,026
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) used in calculation of capital ratios (1)
  Credit risk                                                                                                                                   $ 496,898             $ 444,142
  Market risk                                                                                                                                      35,342                34,806
  Operational risk                                                                                                                                 77,639                73,593
Total RWA                                                                                                                                       $ 609,879             $ 552,541
Capital ratios and Leverage ratio (1)
  CET1 ratio                                                                                                                                           12.6%                13.7%
  Tier 1 capital ratio                                                                                                                                 13.8%                14.9%
  Total capital ratio                                                                                                                                  15.4%                16.7%
  Leverage ratio                                                                                                                                        4.4%                 4.9%
  Leverage ratio exposure (billions)                                                                                                            $      1,898          $      1,662
TLAC available and ratios (2), (3)
  TLAC available                                                                                                                                $ 160,961                      n.a.
  TLAC ratio                                                                                                                                        26.4%                      n.a.
  TLAC leverage ratio                                                                                                                                8.5%                      n.a.
(1)     Capital, RWA, and capital ratios are calculated using OSFI’s Capital Adequacy Requirements (CAR) guideline and the Leverage ratio is calculated using OSFI’s Leverage
        Requirements (LR) guideline as updated in accordance with the regulatory guidance issued by OSFI in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Both the CAR guideline and LR
        guideline are based on the Basel III framework.
(2)     Effective November 1, 2021, OSFI requires Domestic Systemically Important Banks (D-SIBs) to meet minimum risk-based TLAC ratio and TLAC leverage ratio requirements
        which are calculated using OSFI’s TLAC guideline.
(3)     The TLAC standard is applied at the resolution entity level which for us is deemed to be Royal Bank of Canada and its subsidiaries. A resolution entity and its subsidiaries
        are collectively called a resolution group. Both the TLAC ratio and TLAC leverage ratio are calculated using the TLAC available as percentage of total RWA and leverage
        exposure, respectively.
n.a.    not applicable


      Note 30 Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities

Offsetting within our Consolidated Balance Sheets may be achieved where financial assets and liabilities are subject to master
netting arrangements that provide the currently enforceable right of offset and where there is an intention to settle on a net
basis, or realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. For derivative contracts and repurchase and reverse
repurchase arrangements, this is generally achieved when there is a market mechanism for settlement (e.g., central counterparty
exchange or clearing house) which provides daily net settlement of cash flows arising from these contracts. Margin receivables
and margin payables are generally offset as they settle simultaneously through a market settlement mechanism.
     Amounts that do not qualify for offsetting include master netting arrangements that only permit outstanding transactions
with the same counterparty to be offset in an event of default or occurrence of other predetermined events. Such master netting
arrangements include the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreement or certain derivative exchange or
clearing counterparty agreements for derivative contracts, global master repurchase agreement and global master securities
lending agreements for repurchase, reverse repurchase and other similar secured lending and borrowing arrangements.
     The amount of financial collateral received or pledged subject to master netting arrangements or similar agreements but do
not qualify for offsetting refers to the collateral received or pledged to cover the net exposure between counterparties by
enabling the collateral to be realized in an event of default or the occurrence of other predetermined events. Certain amounts of
collateral are restricted from being sold or re-pledged unless there is an event of default or the occurrence of other
predetermined events.




                                                                                         Consolidated Financial Statements       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        225
      Note 30 Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

    The following tables provide the amount of financial instruments that have been offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets
and the amounts that do not qualify for offsetting but are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar
agreements. The amounts presented are not intended to represent our actual exposure to credit risk.

Financial instruments subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements
                                                                                                    As at October 31, 2022
                                                                    Amounts subject to enforceable netting arrangements
                                                                                                             Related amounts not
                                                                                                       offset on the Consolidated
                                                                                                               Balance Sheets (1)
                                                                                                                                                        Amounts not        Net amounts
                                             Gross amounts     Gross amounts             Net amounts       Impact of                                       subject to         presented
                                              of recognized      offset on the        presented in the       master                                      enforceable              on the
                                                   financial     Consolidated            Consolidated        netting    Financial                             netting      Consolidated
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                 instruments     Balance Sheets          Balance Sheets    agreements collateral (2)      Net amounts    arrangements      Balance Sheets
Financial assets
Assets purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements and
  securities borrowed                    $        411,937       $      94,203     $          317,734     $      293     $ 314,602       $    2,839    $          111     $     317,845
Derivative assets (3)                             146,479               2,185                144,294         98,610        21,412           24,272            10,145           154,439
Other financial assets                              1,638                 304                  1,334             11            83            1,240                 –             1,334
                                         $        560,054       $      96,692     $          463,362     $   98,914     $ 336,097       $   28,351    $       10,256     $     473,618
Financial liabilities
Obligations related to assets sold
  under repurchase agreements
  and securities loaned                  $        360,722       $      94,203     $          266,519     $      293     $ 265,822       $      404    $        7,428     $     273,947
Derivative liabilities (3)                        141,137               2,185                138,952         98,610        19,758           20,584            14,539           153,491
Other financial liabilities                           825                 304                    521             11             –              510                 –               521
                                         $        502,684       $      96,692     $          405,992     $   98,914     $ 285,580       $   21,498    $       21,967     $     427,959


                                                                                                      As at October 31, 2021
                                                                     Amounts subject to enforceable netting arrangements
                                                                                                                Related amounts not
                                                                                                          offset on the Consolidated
                                                                                                                  Balance Sheets (1)
                                                                                                                                                         Amounts not       Net amounts
                                             Gross amounts      Gross amounts            Net amounts       Impact of                                        subject to        presented
                                              of recognized       offset on the       presented in the       master                                       enforceable            on the
                                                   financial      Consolidated           Consolidated        netting       Financial                           netting     Consolidated
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                  instruments     Balance Sheets         Balance Sheets    agreements    collateral (2)   Net amounts     arrangements     Balance Sheets
Financial assets
Assets purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements and
  securities borrowed                    $         384,439      $      77,028     $          307,411     $      101     $ 305,071       $    2,239    $          492     $      307,903
Derivative assets (3)                               84,595                314                 84,281         57,101        12,978           14,202            11,260             95,541
Other financial assets                                 412                240                    172              1            61              110                 –                172
                                         $         469,446      $      77,582     $          391,864     $   57,203     $ 318,110       $   16,551    $       11,752     $      403,616
Financial liabilities
Obligations related to assets sold
  under repurchase agreements
  and securities loaned                  $         338,737      $      77,028     $          261,709     $      101     $ 261,135       $      473    $          492     $      262,201
Derivative liabilities (3)                          77,514                314                 77,200         57,101        10,503            9,596            14,239             91,439
Other financial liabilities                            412                240                    172              1             –              171                 –                172
                                         $         416,663      $      77,582     $          339,081     $   57,203     $ 271,638       $   10,240    $       14,731     $      353,812
(1)     Financial collateral is reflected at fair value. The amount of financial instruments and financial collateral disclosed is limited to the net balance sheet exposure, and any
        over-collateralization is excluded from the table.
(2)     Includes cash collateral of $20 billion (October 31, 2021 – $12 billion) and non-cash collateral of $316 billion (October 31, 2021 – $307 billion) received for financial assets
        and cash collateral of $19 billion (October 31, 2021 – $9 billion) and non-cash collateral of $267 billion (October 31, 2021 – $262 billion) pledged for financial liabilities.
(3)     Includes cash margin of $3 billion (October 31, 2021 – $3 billion) that was offset against derivative assets and cash margin of $8 billion (October 31, 2021 – $3 billion) that
        was offset against derivative liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.




226        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022            Consolidated Financial Statements
      Note 31 Recovery and settlement of on-balance sheet assets and liabilities

The table below presents an analysis of assets and liabilities recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets by amounts to be
recovered or settled within one year and after one year, as at the balance sheet date, based on contractual maturities and
certain other assumptions outlined in the footnotes below. As warranted, we manage the liquidity risk of various products based
on historical behavioural patterns that are often not aligned with contractual maturities. Amounts to be recovered or settled
within one year, as presented below, may not be reflective of our long-term view of the liquidity profile of certain balance sheet
categories.

                                                                                                                As at

                                                                          October 31, 2022                                                October 31, 2021
                                                        Within one             After one                                Within one             After one
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                year                  year                  Total               year                  year                   Total
Assets
Cash and due from banks (1)                         $        71,081 $               1,316 $            72,397       $       112,924 $                  922 $          113,846
Interest-bearing deposits with
  banks                                                     108,011                       –          108,011                  79,638                      –            79,638
Securities
  Trading (2)                                               139,810                 8,395            148,205                129,206               10,034              139,240
  Investment, net of applicable
    allowance                                                26,540             143,478              170,018                  29,831             115,653              145,484
Assets purchased under reverse
  repurchase agreements and
  securities borrowed                                       316,714                 1,131            317,845                307,805                     98            307,903
Loans
  Retail                                                    113,965             435,786              549,751                  98,946             404,652              503,598
  Wholesale                                                  70,374             203,593              273,967                  60,099             157,967              218,066
  Allowance for loan losses                                                                           (3,753)                                                          (4,089)
Segregated fund net assets                                            –             2,638              2,638                         –              2,666               2,666
Other
  Customers’ liability under
    acceptances                                              17,827                                   17,827                  19,793                   5               19,798
  Derivatives (2)                                           151,928                2,511             154,439                  93,409               2,132               95,541
  Premises and equipment                                         59                7,155               7,214                      28               7,396                7,424
  Goodwill                                                        –               12,277              12,277                       –              10,854               10,854
  Other intangibles                                               –                6,083               6,083                       –               4,471                4,471
  Other assets                                               66,071               14,229              80,300                  47,634              14,249               61,883
                                                    $ 1,082,380 $               838,592 $ 1,917,219                 $       979,313 $            731,099 $         1,706,323
Liabilities
Deposits (3)                                        $ 1,023,324 $               185,490 $ 1,208,814                 $       943,633 $            157,198 $         1,100,831
Segregated fund net liabilities                               –                   2,638       2,638                               –                2,666               2,666
Other
  Acceptances                                                17,872                       –            17,872                 19,868                      5            19,873
  Obligations related to securities
    sold short                                               34,105                 1,406              35,511                 35,524                2,317              37,841
  Obligations related to assets sold
    under repurchase agreements
    and securities loaned                                   273,001                  946             273,947                261,533                   668             262,201
  Derivatives (2)                                           140,808               12,683             153,491                 89,804                 1,635              91,439
  Insurance claims and policy
    benefit liabilities                                       1,904                9,607               11,511                  1,867              10,949               12,816
  Other liabilities                                          71,689               23,546               95,235                 48,901              21,400               70,301
Subordinated debentures                                         110                9,915               10,025                    188               9,405                9,593
                                                    $ 1,562,813 $               246,231 $ 1,809,044                 $    1,401,318 $             206,243 $         1,607,561
(1)     Cash and due from banks are assumed to be recovered within one year, except for cash balances not available for use by the Bank.
(2)     Trading securities classified as FVTPL and trading derivatives are presented as within one year as this best represents in most instances the short-term nature of our
        trading activities. Trading securities designated as FVTPL are generally presented based on contractual maturity. Non-trading derivatives are presented according to the
        recovery or settlement of the hedging transaction.
(3)     Demand deposits of $562 billion (October 31, 2021 – $576 billion) are presented as within one year due to their being repayable on demand or at short notice on a
        contractual basis. In practice, these deposits relate to a broad range of individuals and customer-types which form a stable base for our operations and liquidity needs.




                                                                                        Consolidated Financial Statements       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022      227
      Note 32 Parent company information

The following table presents information regarding the legal entity of Royal Bank of Canada with its subsidiaries presented on an
equity accounted basis.

Condensed Balance Sheets
                                                                                                                                                         As at
                                                                                                                                                 October 31             October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                       2022                   2021
Assets
Cash and due from banks                                                                                                                $         48,062 $                97,617
Interest-bearing deposits with banks                                                                                                             84,680                  56,896
Securities                                                                                                                                      174,615                 153,780
Investments in bank subsidiaries and associated corporations (1)                                                                                 49,841                  43,546
Investments in other subsidiaries and associated corporations                                                                                    88,260                  80,216
Assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                                                                    132,829                 125,590
Loans, net of allowance for loan losses                                                                                                         679,580                 601,742
Net balances due from bank subsidiaries (1)                                                                                                       7,172                       –
Other assets                                                                                                                                    227,767                 155,421
                                                                                                                                       $       1,492,806 $        1,314,808
Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Deposits                                                                                                                               $        955,978 $               854,833
Net balances due to bank subsidiaries (1)                                                                                                             –                  28,201
Net balances due to other subsidiaries                                                                                                           36,701                  38,309
Other liabilities                                                                                                                               382,099                 285,447
                                                                                                                                               1,374,778          1,206,790
Subordinated debentures                                                                                                                           9,964                   9,351
Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                            108,064                  98,667
                                                                                                                                       $       1,492,806 $        1,314,808
(1)    Bank refers primarily to regulated deposit-taking institutions and securities firms.


Condensed Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                                                                   For the year ended
                                                                                                                                                 October 31             October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                       2022                   2021
Interest and dividend income (1)                                                                                                       $          27,791 $               19,793
Interest expense                                                                                                                                  12,846                  5,615
Net interest income                                                                                                                               14,945                 14,178
Non-interest income (2)                                                                                                                            5,425                  5,393
Total revenue                                                                                                                                     20,370                 19,571
Provision for credit losses                                                                                                                          579                   (606)
Non-interest expense                                                                                                                              10,175                  9,466
Income before income taxes                                                                                                                         9,616                 10,711
Income taxes                                                                                                                                       2,276                  2,088
Net income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries                                                                                   7,340                  8,623
Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries                                                                                                     8,454                  7,415
Net income                                                                                                                             $          15,794 $               16,038
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes                                                                                                    5,810                  1,463
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                             $          21,604 $               17,501
(1)    Includes dividend income from investments in subsidiaries and associated corporations of $11 million (October 31, 2021 – $5 million).
(2)    Includes a nominal share of profit (loss) from associated corporations (October 31, 2021 – nominal).




228       Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022        Consolidated Financial Statements
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
                                                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                                                   October 31              October 31
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                         2022                     2021
Cash flows from operating activities
  Net income                                                                                               $        15,794 $                16,038
  Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities:
    Change in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries                                                               (8,454)                  (7,415)
    Change in deposits, net of securitizations                                                                    101,145                   72,196
    Change in loans, net of securitizations                                                                       (78,288)                 (46,194)
    Change in trading securities                                                                                  (10,348)                  (8,756)
    Change in obligations related to assets sold under repurchase agreements and
      securities loaned                                                                                             24,133                     5,228
    Change in assets purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowed                          (7,239)                    8,447
    Change in obligations related to securities sold short                                                           3,024                     2,405
    Other operating activities, net                                                                                  2,385                     6,316
Net cash from (used in) operating activities                                                                        42,152                  48,265
Cash flows from investing activities
   Change in interest-bearing deposits with banks                                                                  (27,784)                (35,293)
   Proceeds from sales and maturities of investment securities                                                      59,304                  70,260
   Purchases of investment securities                                                                              (71,509)                (73,150)
   Net acquisitions of premises and equipment and other intangibles                                                 (1,180)                 (1,093)
   Change in cash invested in subsidiaries                                                                          (2,514)                 (3,078)
   Change in net funding provided to subsidiaries                                                                  (36,981)                (12,068)
Net cash from (used in) investing activities                                                                       (80,664)                (54,422)
Cash flows from financing activities
   Issuance of subordinated debentures                                                                                1,000                  2,750
   Repayment of subordinated debentures                                                                                   –                 (2,500)
   Issue of common shares, net of issuance costs                                                                         51                     90
   Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                          (5,426)                     –
   Issue of preferred shares and other equity instruments, net of issuance costs                                        749                  2,245
   Redemption of preferred shares and other equity instruments                                                         (155)                (1,475)
   Dividends paid on shares and distributions paid on other equity instruments                                       (6,960)                (6,420)
   Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                      (302)                  (313)
Net cash from (used in) financing activities                                                                       (11,043)                 (5,623)
Net change in cash and due from banks                                                                              (49,555)                (11,780)
Cash and due from banks at beginning of year                                                                        97,617                 109,397
Cash and due from banks at end of year                                                                     $        48,062 $                97,617
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
   Amount of interest paid                                                                                 $         7,801 $                 6,306
   Amount of interest received                                                                                      21,332                  17,831
   Amount of dividends received                                                                                      2,618                   2,185
   Amount of income taxes paid                                                                                       4,641                   1,772


   Note 33 Subsequent events

Acquisition
On November 29, 2022, we entered into an agreement to acquire 100% of the common shares of HSBC Bank Canada (HSBC
Canada) for an all-cash purchase price of $13.5 billion. In addition, we will purchase all of the existing preferred shares and
subordinated debt of HSBC Canada held directly or indirectly by HSBC Holdings plc at par value ($2.1 billion as of September 30,
2022). HSBC Canada is a premier Canadian personal and commercial bank focused on globally connected clients.
    The transaction is expected to close by late 2023 and is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including
regulatory approvals. The results of the acquired business will be consolidated from the date of close.




                                                                Consolidated Financial Statements   Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       229
      Ten-year statistical review

Condensed Balance Sheets
(Millions of Canadian dollars) (1)                      2022          2021         2020           2019          2018          2017          2016          2015          2014          2013
Assets
Cash and due from banks                         $    72,397    $ 113,846     $ 118,888     $    26,310   $    30,209   $    28,407   $    14,929   $    12,452   $    17,421   $    15,550
Interest-bearing deposits with banks                108,011       79,638        39,013          38,345        36,471        32,662        27,851        22,690         8,399         9,039
Securities, net of applicable allowance (2)         318,223      284,724       275,814         249,004       222,866       218,379       236,093       215,508       199,148       182,710
Assets purchased under reverse repurchase
  agreements and securities borrowed                317,845        307,903       313,015       306,961       294,602       220,977       186,302       174,723       135,580       117,517
Loans, net of allowance                             819,965        717,575       660,992       618,856       576,818       542,617       521,604       472,223       435,229       408,850
Other                                               280,778        202,637       216,826       189,459       173,768       169,811       193,479       176,612       144,773       126,079
Total assets                                    $1,917,219     $1,706,323    $1,624,548    $1,428,935    $1,334,734    $1,212,853    $1,180,258    $1,074,208    $ 940,550     $ 859,745
Liabilities
Deposits (3)                                    $1,208,814     $1,100,831    $1,011,885    $ 886,005     $ 836,197     $ 789,036     $ 757,589     $ 697,227     $ 614,100     $ 563,079
Other (3)                                          590,205        497,137       516,029      449,490       409,451       340,124       341,295       305,675       264,088       239,763
Subordinated debentures                             10,025          9,593         9,867        9,815         9,131         9,265         9,762         7,362         7,859         7,443
Total liabilities                               $1,809,044     $1,607,561    $1,537,781    $1,345,310    $1,254,779    $1,138,425    $1,108,646    $1,010,264    $ 886,047     $ 810,285
Equity attributable to shareholders                 108,064         98,667        86,664        83,523        79,861        73,829        71,017        62,146        52,690        47,665
Non-controlling interest                                111            95           103           102            94           599           595          1,798         1,813         1,795
Total equity                                        108,175         98,762        86,767        83,625        79,955        74,428        71,612        63,944        54,503        49,460
Total liabilities and equity                    $1,917,219     $1,706,323    $1,624,548    $1,428,935    $1,334,734    $1,212,853    $1,180,258    $1,074,208    $ 940,550     $ 859,745


Condensed Income Statements
(Millions of Canadian dollars) (1)                      2022          2021          2020          2019          2018          2017          2016          2015          2014          2013
Net interest income (3)                         $     22,717   $    20,002 $      20,835   $    19,749   $    17,952   $    16,926   $    16,531   $    14,771   $    14,116   $    13,249
Non-interest income (3), (4)                          26,268        29,691        26,346        26,253        24,624        23,743        22,264        20,932        19,992        17,433
Total revenue (4)                                     48,985        49,693        47,181        46,002        42,576        40,669        38,795        35,703        34,108        30,682
Provision for credit losses (5)                          484          (753)        4,351         1,864         1,307         1,150         1,546         1,097         1,164         1,237
Insurance policyholder benefits, claims and
  acquisition expense                                  1,783         3,891         3,683         4,085         2,676         3,053         3,424         2,963         3,573         2,784
Non-interest expense (4)                              26,609        25,924        24,758        24,139        22,833        21,794        20,526        19,020        17,661        16,214
Net income                                      $     15,807   $    16,050   $    11,437   $    12,871   $    12,431   $    11,469   $    10,458   $    10,026   $     9,004   $     8,342


Other Statistics – reported
(Millions of Canadian dollars, except
percentages and per share amounts) (1)                  2022          2021         2020           2019          2018          2017          2016          2015          2014          2013
PROFITABILITY MEASURES
  Earnings per shares – basic                   $     11.08    $     11.08   $      7.84   $      8.78   $      8.39   $      7.59   $      6.80   $      6.75   $      6.03   $      5.53
                       – diluted                $     11.06    $     11.06   $      7.82   $      8.75   $      8.36   $      7.56   $      6.78   $      6.73   $      6.00   $      5.49
  Return on common equity (6), (7)                    16.4%         18.6%         14.2%         16.8%         17.6%         17.0%         16.3%         18.6%         19.0%         19.7%
  Return on risk-weighted assets                      2.68%         2.90%         2.10%         2.52%         2.55%         2.49%         2.34%         2.45%         2.52%         2.67%
  Efficiency ratio (4)                                54.3%         52.2%         52.5%         52.5%         53.6%         53.6%         52.9%         53.3%         51.8%         52.8%
KEY RATIOS
  PCL on impaired loans as a % of average
     net loans and acceptances (8)                    0.10%         0.10%         0.24%         0.27%         0.20%         0.21%         0.28%         0.24%         0.27%         0.31%
  Net interest margin
     (average earning assets, net) (3), (6)           1.48%         1.48%         1.55%         1.61%         1.64%         1.69%         1.70%         1.71%         1.86%         1.88%
SHARE INFORMATION
  Common shares outstanding (000s)
     – end of period                              1,382,911      1,424,525     1,422,473     1,430,096     1,438,794     1,452,535     1,484,235     1,443,955     1,443,125     1,441,722
  Dividends declared per common share           $      4.96    $      4.32   $      4.29   $      4.07   $      3.77   $      3.48   $      3.24   $      3.08   $      2.84   $      2.53
  Dividend yield (9)                                   3.7%          3.8%          4.7%          4.1%          3.7%          3.8%          4.3%          4.1%          3.8%          4.0%
  Dividend payout ratio                                45%            39%           55%           46%           45%           46%           48%           46%           47%           46%
  Book value per share (10)                     $     72.85    $     64.57   $     56.75   $     54.41   $     51.12   $     46.41   $     43.32   $     39.51   $     33.69   $     29.87
  Common share price (RY on TSX) (11)           $    126.05    $ 128.82      $     93.16   $ 106.24      $     95.92   $ 100.87      $     83.80   $     74.77   $     80.01   $     70.02
  Market capitalization (TSX) (11)                  174,316        183,507       132,518       151,933       138,009       146,554       124,476       107,925       115,393       100,903
  Market price to book value                           1.73           2.00          1.64          1.95          1.88          2.17          1.93          1.89          2.38          2.34
CAPITAL MEASURES – CONSOLIDATED
  Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio                  12.6%         13.7%         12.5%         12.1%         11.5%         10.9%         10.8%         10.6%          9.9%          9.6%
  Tier 1 capital ratio                                13.8%         14.9%         13.5%         13.2%         12.8%         12.3%         12.3%         12.2%         11.4%         11.7%
  Total capital ratio                                 15.4%         16.7%         15.5%         15.2%         14.6%         14.2%         14.4%         14.0%         13.4%         14.0%
  Leverage ratio                                       4.4%          4.9%          4.8%          4.3%          4.4%          4.4%          4.4%          4.3%           n.a.          n.a.

(1)     Effective November 1, 2019, we adopted IFRS 16 Leases. Results from periods prior to November 1, 2019 are reported in accordance with IAS 17 Leases in this 2022 Annual
        Report. Effective November 1, 2018, we adopted IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Results from periods prior to November 1, 2018 are reported in
        accordance with IAS 18 Revenue in this 2022 Annual Report. Effective November 1, 2017, we adopted IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (IFRS 9). Results from periods prior to
        November 1, 2017 are reported in accordance with IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement (IAS 39) in this 2022 Annual Report.
(2)     Securities are comprised of trading and investment securities. Under IFRS 9, investment securities represent debt and equity securities at FVOCI and debt securities at
        amortized cost, net of the applicable allowance. Under IAS 39, investment securities represented available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities.
(3)     Commencing Q4 2019, the interest component and the accrued interest payable recorded on certain deposits carried at FVTPL previously presented in trading revenue
        and deposits, respectively are presented in net interest income and other liabilities respectively. As at November 1, 2016, comparative amounts have been reclassified to
        conform with this presentation.
(4)     Effective Q4 2017, service fees and other costs incurred in association with certain commissions and fees earned are presented on a gross basis in non-interest expense.
        As at November 1, 2014, comparative amounts have been reclassified to conform with this presentation.
(5)     Under IFRS 9, PCL relates primarily to loans, acceptances, and commitments, and also applies to all financial assets except for those classified or designated as FVTPL
        and equity securities designated as FVOCI. Prior to the adoption of IFRS 9, PCL related only to loans, acceptances, and commitments. PCL on loans, acceptances, and
        commitments is comprised of PCL on impaired loans (Stage 3 PCL under IFRS 9 and PCL on impaired loans under IAS 39) and PCL on performing loans (Stage 1 and
        Stage 2 PCL under IFRS 9 and PCL on loans not yet identified as impaired under IAS 39).
(6)     Average amounts are calculated using methods intended to approximate the average of the daily balances for the period. This includes Average common equity used in
        the calculation of ROE. For further details, refer to the Key performance and non-GAAP measures section of the MD&A.
(7)     This measure may not have a standardized meaning under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and may not be comparable to similar measures disclosed
        by other financial institutions. For further details, refer to the Key performance and non-GAAP measures section of the MD&A.
(8)     PCL on impaired loans represents Stage 3 PCL under IFRS 9 and PCL on impaired loans under IAS 39. Stage 3 PCL under IFRS 9 is comprised of lifetime credit losses of
        credit-impaired loans, acceptances and commitments.
(9)     Defined as dividends per common share divided by the average of the high and low share price in the relevant period.
(10)    Calculated as common equity divided by the number of common shares outstanding at the end of the period.
(11)    Based on TSX closing market price at period-end.
n.a.    not applicable




230        Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       Ten-year statistical review
      Principal subsidiaries
(Millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                                  As at October 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                      Carrying value of
                                                                                                                                                  voting shares owned
Principal subsidiaries (1)                                                   Principal office address (2)                                               by the Bank (3)
Royal Bank Holding Inc.                                                      Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                           $                    77,914
   RBC Direct Investing Inc.                                                 Toronto, Ontario, Canada
   RBC Insurance Holdings Inc.                                               Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
       RBC Life Insurance Company                                            Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
   R.B.C. Holdings (Bahamas) Limited                                         Nassau, New Providence, Bahamas
       RBC Caribbean Investments Limited                                     George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands
            Royal Bank of Canada Insurance
              Company Ltd.                                                   Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands
   Investment Holdings (Cayman) Limited                                      George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands
       RBC (Barbados) Funding Ltd.                                           St. Michael, Barbados
   Capital Funding Alberta Limited                                           Calgary, Alberta, Canada
       RBC Global Asset Management Inc.                                      Toronto, Ontario, Canada
   RBC Investor Services Trust                                               Toronto, Ontario, Canada
   RBC Investor Services Bank S.A.                                           Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg
   RBC (Barbados) Trading Bank Corporation                                   St. James, Barbados
RBC U.S. Group Holdings LLC (2)                                              Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                                                27,655
   RBC USA Holdco Corporation (2)                                            New York, New York, U.S.
     RBC Capital Markets, LLC (2)                                            New York, New York, U.S.
     City National Bank                                                      Los Angeles, California, U.S.
RBC Dominion Securities Limited                                              Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                                                13,535
   RBC Dominion Securities Inc.                                              Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Royal Bank Mortgage Corporation                                              Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                                                  5,604
RBC Europe Limited                                                           London, England                                                                           2,669
The Royal Trust Company                                                      Montreal, Quebec, Canada                                                                  1,215
Royal Trust Corporation of Canada                                            Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                                                    486
(1)    The Bank directly or indirectly controls each subsidiary.
(2)    Each subsidiary is incorporated or organized under the laws of the state or country in which the principal office is situated, except for RBC U.S. Group Holdings LLC and
       RBC USA Holdco Corporation which are incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, which is organized under the laws of the
       State of Minnesota, U.S.
(3)    The carrying value of voting shares is stated as the Bank’s equity in such investments.




                                                                                                    Principal subsidiaries    Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022       231
  Shareholder Information

Corporate headquarters                    Valuation day price                        Direct deposit service                   Common share repurchases
Street address:                           For Canadian income tax purposes,          Shareholders in Canada and the           We are engaged in a normal
Royal Bank of Canada                      Royal Bank of Canada’s common              U.S. may have their common               course issuer bid (NCIB) which
200 Bay Street                            stock was quoted at $29.52 per share       share dividends deposited                allows us to repurchase for
Toronto, Ontario M5J 2J5                  on the Valuation Day (December 22,         directly to their bank account by        cancellation up to 45 million
Canada                                    1971). This is equivalent to $7.38 per     electronic funds transfer. To            common shares during the
Tel: 1-888-212-5533                       share after adjusting for the              arrange for this service, please         period spanning from December
                                          two-for-one stock split of March 1981      contact our Transfer Agent and           8, 2021 to December 7, 2022,
Mailing address:                          and the two-for- one stock split of        Registrar, Computershare Trust           when the bid expires, or such
P.O. Box 1                                February 1990. The one-for-one stock       Company of Canada.                       earlier date as we may
Royal Bank Plaza                          dividends in October 2000 and                                                       complete the purchases
Toronto, Ontario M5J 2J5                  April 2006 did not affect the              Eligible dividend designation            pursuant to our Notice of
Canada                                    Valuation Day amount for our               For purposes of the Income Tax           Intention to Make a NCIB filed
website: rbc.com                          common shares.                             Act (Canada) and any                     with the Toronto Stock
                                                                                     corresponding provincial and             Exchange.
Transfer Agent and Registrar              Shareholder contacts                       territorial tax legislation, all
Main Agent:                               For dividend information, change           dividends (and deemed
                                          in share registration or address,          dividends) paid by RBC to                We determine the amount and
Computershare Trust Company
                                          lost stock certificates, tax forms,        Canadian residents on both its           timing of purchases under the
of Canada
                                          estate transfers or dividend               common and preferred shares,             NCIB, subject to prior
1500 Robert-Bourassa Blvd.
Suite 700                                 reinvestment, please contact:              are designated as “eligible              consultation with the Office of
Montreal, Quebec H3A 3S8                  Computershare Trust Company                dividends”, unless stated                the Superintendent of
Canada                                    of Canada                                  otherwise.                               Financial Institutions. For
Tel: 1-866-586-7635 (Canada and           100 University Avenue, 8th Floor                                                    further details, refer to the
the U.S.) or 514-982-7555                 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1                                                            Capital management section.
(International)                           Canada
Fax: 514-982-7580                                                                                                             A copy of our Notice of Intention
website: computershare.com/rbc            Tel: 1-866-586-7635 (Canada and                                                     to Make a NCIB may be
                                          the U.S.) or 514-982-7555                                                           obtained, without charge, by
Co-Transfer Agent (U.S.):                 (International)                                                                     contacting our Corporate
Computershare Trust                       Fax: 1-888-453-0330 (Canada and                                                     Secretary at our Toronto
Company, N.A.                             the U.S.) or 416-263-9394                                                           mailing address.
250 Royall Street                         (International)
Canton, Massachusetts 02021               email: service@computershare.com                                                    2023 Quarterly earnings
U.S.A.                                                                                                                        release dates
                                          Financial analysts, portfolio                                                       First quarter    March 1
Co-Transfer Agent (U.K.):                 managers, institutional                                                             Second quarter May 25
Computershare Investor                    investors                                                                           Third quarter    August 24
Services PLC                              For financial information inquiries,                                                Fourth quarter   November 30
Securities Services – Registrars          please contact:
P.O. Box 82, The Pavilions,               Investor Relations
                                                                                                                              2023 Annual Meeting
Bridgwater Road,                          Royal Bank of Canada
                                                                                                                              The Annual Meeting of Common
Bristol BS99 6ZZ                          200 Bay Street
                                                                                                                              Shareholders will be held on
U.K.                                      South Tower
                                                                                                                              Wednesday, April 5, 2023.
                                          Toronto, Ontario M5J 2J5
Stock exchange listings                   Canada
                                          Tel: 416-955-7808                          Dividend dates for 2023
(Symbol: RY)                                                                         Subject to approval by the Board of Directors
                                          email: invesrel@rbc.com
                                          or visit our website at                                                       Record                    Payment
Common shares are listed on:
                                          rbc.com/investorrelations                                                     dates                     dates
Canada – Toronto Stock
Exchange (TSX)                                                                       Common and preferred shares series January 26                February 24
U.S. – New York Stock Exchange                                                         AZ, BB, BD, BF, BH, BI and BO    April 25                  May 24
(NYSE)                                                                                                                  July 26                   August 24
                                                                                                                        October 26                November 24
Switzerland – Swiss Exchange
(SIX)                                                                                Preferred shares series C-2                 January 27       February 7
                                                                                     (US$)                                       April 28         May 8
Preferred shares AZ, BB, BD, BF,                                                                                                 July 28          August 8
                                                                                                                                 October 27       November 7
BH, BI and BO are listed on the
TSX. The related depository                                                          Preferred shares series BT                  February 15      February 24
shares of the series C-2 preferred                                                                                               August 17        August 24
shares are listed on the NYSE.
                                                                                     Governance
                                                                                     Summaries of the significant ways in which corporate governance
                                                                                     practices followed by RBC differ from corporate governance practices
                                                                                     required to be followed by U.S. domestic companies under the NYSE
                                                                                     listing standards are available on our website at rbc.com/governance.

Information contained in or otherwise accessible through the websites mentioned in this report to shareholders does not form a part of this report. All references
to websites are inactive textual references and are for your information only.

Trademarks used in this report include the LION & GLOBE Symbol, ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, RBC, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, RBC FUTURE LAUNCH, RBC GLOBAL
ASSET MANAGEMENT, RBC INSURANCE, RBC HOMELINE PLAN, RBC PAYEDGE, RBC TECH FOR NATURE, RBC VANTAGE, RBC WEALTH MANAGEMENT, RBCx,
MYADVISOR, InvestEase, AIDEN, OWNR, NOMI, NOMI INSIGHTS, NOMI FIND & SAVE Dr. Bill, MYDOH, Avion Rewards, RBCxMUSIC, AVION, and VANTAGE SNAPSHOT
which are trademarks of Royal Bank of Canada used by Royal Bank of Canada and/or by its subsidiaries under license. All other trademarks mentioned in this
report which are not the property of Royal Bank of Canada, are owned by their respective holders.
232     Royal Bank of Canada: Annual Report 2022    Shareholder information
rbc.com/ar2022
81104 (12/2022)
