                           股份代號 Stock Code: 00604




                                                              報告
                                                    INTERIM   中期
                                                     REPORT




Interim Report 中期報告 2025




                                                      202 5
                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   001



                                                                                                  Contents


2    Corporate Information

3    Chairman’s Statement

12   Management Discussion and Analysis

27   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

28   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

29   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

31   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

33   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

35   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

79   Disclosure of Interests

82   Other Information
002   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Corporate Information


 Executive Directors                                      Share Listing
 Mr. WANG Yuwen, Chairman                                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
 Ms. CAI Xun                                              (Stock code: 00604)
 Mr. YAN Zhongyu
 Ms. SHI Xiaomei                                          Auditor
                                                          Ernst & Young, Certified Public Accountants
 Independent Non-Executive                                Hong Kong
 Directors                                                Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
 Mr. LI Wai Keung
 Dr. WONG Yau Kar, David                                  Registered Office
 Prof. GONG Peng                                          8th Floor, New East Ocean Centre,
                                                          9 Science Museum Road, Tsim Sha Tsui,
 Audit Committee                                          Kowloon, Hong Kong
 Mr. LI Wai Keung, Chairman
 Dr. WONG Yau Kar, David                                  Share Registrar
 Prof. GONG Peng                                          Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                          17/F, Far East Finance Centre,
 Nomination Committee                                     16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
 Dr. WONG Yau Kar, David, Chairman                        Tel: (852) 2980 1333
 Mr. WANG Yuwen                                           Fax: (852) 2810 8185
 Ms. CAI Xun
 Mr. LI Wai Keung                                         Website
 Prof. GONG Peng                                          www.shenzheninvestment.com

 Remuneration Committee
 Dr. WONG Yau Kar, David, Chairman
 Mr. LI Wai Keung
 Prof. GONG Peng


 Company Secretary
 Mr. LEE Ka Sze, Carmelo
                                                                     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   003



                                                                  Chairman’s Statement


In the first half of 2025, the Group steadfastly pursued its annual objectives through dual focuses on
transformation initiatives and operational advancement. Rising to the challenges courageously and taking
proactive measures, the Group drove all operations to achieve solid progress. During the first half of the
year, the Group achieved a revenue of HK$10.35 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 175%.
Our gross profit reached HK$1.77 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 63%, with gross profit
margin of 17%, representing a decrease of 12 percentage points as compared to the same period of last
year; operating profit was HK$704 million. However, as affected by the losses from associates, substantial
provisions for the asset impairment, together with the increase in tax expenses, loss attributable to the
owners of the Company was HK$2.62 billion.


I.    BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2025
      (I) Our real estate business met expectations
            In the first half of the year, the Group implemented a special action on destocking, making
            breakthroughs in assessment and incentive mechanisms to accelerate sales through
            concerted efforts across all levels. The Group achieved contracted property sales of
            approximately RMB6.8 billion (approximately HK$7.4 billion), outpacing the market trend.
            Against a year-on-year nationwide drop of 5.5% in new home sales, the Group’s sales of
            real estate increased by 10% as compared to the same period of last year. Projects including
            Luxury Mansion, Natural City, Shum Yip Cloud Center and Tairong Mansion delivered sales
            breakthroughs through tailored strategies. Major properties development progressed
            steadily, with 6 projects, including Zhongshan Parkview Garden, successfully completed.
            In the first half of the year, the Group’s income recognized from development amounted to
            HK$7.46 billion, representing a significant increase of 633% as compared to the same period
            of last year, and the gross profit margin of development was 14%, representing a year-
            on-year decrease of 18 percentage points. The urban renewal projects in Shenzhen
            achieved important progress: a land contract was signed for the south land plot of Phase
            II of the First Renewal Unit in Chegongmiao, which officially entered development phase;
            the revitalization of land resources advanced effectively by making revitalizing solutions for
            historical undeveloped and unconfirmed lands, with progress accelerated on unconfirmed
            lands such as Luohu Jinzhi Land Plot and Pingshan Gaofa Land Plot.
004   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Chairman’s Statement




       (II) Property rental business operated in a steady manner
                 In the first half of the year, amid intensifying commercial competition and lasting office
                 market downturn, the Group rose to the challenge and took proactive measures, achieving a
                 revenue of approximately HK$650 million from investment properties; our overall occupancy
                 rate remained at 90%, consistently outperforming the market. The Group continued to
                 promote the renovation and upgrade of old properties, effectively driving simultaneous gains
                 in asset value and rental income. The Group rolled out a multi-pronged approach to enhance
                 tenant sourcing, in particular, Upperhills’ office buildings pioneered a “zero-capital fitted-out
                 delivery” model and secured 7 high-quality corporate clients against market trends, signing
                 approximately 70 new branded tenants in the commercial sector.


       (III) Our urban integrated operation business progressed steadily
                 In the first half of the year, the Group recorded revenue from property management of
                 approximately HK$1.59 billion, representing an increase of 8% over the same period of last
                 year. Our comprehensive strength in property operations improved steadily. Building
                 on the operational area exceeding 100 million square meters by the end of last year, a net
                 expansion of 3.11 million square meters was achieved in the first half of the year, with a total
                 contract value of RMB410 million. Newly added projects included the property management
                 urban projects in Shenzhen’s Dongmen and Sungang Sub-districts, as well as Zhengpu
                 Port New District in Ma’anshan. We also won bids for multiple property projects from China
                 Mobile and Bank of Communications. Shum Yip Operations was ranked 14th among the “Top
                 100 Property Service Enterprises in China for 2025” by the China Index Academy. Brand
                 effect of our commercial operations became evident. The Group launched a new “3+X”
                 commercial product line strategy, and Shenzhen’s first in-town duty-free store had a grand
                 opening on 26 August 2025. We advanced development of “mall + park + cultural-sports-
                 tourism” concept franchise, and successfully held more than 160 featured events, including
                 Spartan Race and Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Flower Show, etc.
                 Upperhills attracted over 20 million visitors with 29% growth in commercial sales in the first
                 half of the year.
                                                           Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   005



                                                                          Chairman’s Statement




    Our hotel operation scale continued to expand, with the successful opening of
    Wuyishan Jingju Resort Hotel（武夷山憬居度假酒店）. Currently, the Group operates
    or manages a total of 8 hotels with 9 additional hotels under development. Our hotel
    operation demonstrated strong resilience in the first half of the year, generating revenue
    of approximately HK$210 million, representing an increase of 3% as compared to the
    same period of last year. Mandarin Oriental Shenzhen capitalized on opportunities from the
    “Concert Economy”, achieving top room revenue in the competition among Shenzhen’s luxury
    hotels; Shenzhen MUJI Hotel and Shenzhen Jingju Hotel achieved remarkable results in
    corporate client expansion, exceeding their operational targets.


(IV) Our technology industry investment business advanced in an
    orderly manner
    The operational efficiency of advanced manufacturing has improved significantly.
    Jinghua Company, a subsidiary of the Group and a national-level specialized, refined,
    differentiated and innovated “Little Giants” enterprise, recorded an increase of 27% in
    operational revenue and an increase of 106% in net profit for the first half of the year,
    respectively, as compared to the same period of last year. The establishment of overseas
    production base progressed on schedule. Our modern agriculture business made
    breakthroughs in revenue generation, with revenue increasing by 108%. Dapeng and
    Nan’ao Seasons Countryside commenced operation successfully; agricultural-product
    sales achieved a “zero-to-one” breakthrough with their first export shipment to Hong Kong;
    we also actively launched Pet Economy initiatives, and start the layout of pet testing and
    quarantine services. The park’s “promotion-investment linkage” model continued to
    be improved. Leveraging an industrial fund jointly established with the parent company, the
    Group deployed capital to energize both tenant sourcing and park operations, anchoring new-
    quality productive forces to attract high-quality sci-tech enterprises to settle in.
006   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Chairman’s Statement




       (V) Our corporate governance improved in both quality and
                 efficiency
                 The financial management of the Group delivered tangible outcomes. We have successfully
                 arranged and replaced a HK$4 billion syndicated loan to ensure fund security; we further
                 reduced the scale of HK$ debts, with a net decrease of HK$700 million in HK$ loans of
                 the Company. Our asset-liability structure maintained sound with a gearing ratio excluding
                 advance receipts of 68.1%. Our expense control became more efficient, with a decline in
                 administrative expenses of 18% as compared to the same period of last year. Our institutional
                 system has been further strengthened: a series of regulations have been revised and
                 introduced, providing solid safeguards for compliance, security, and strategic development.
                 Our ESG performance remained outstanding. The Group maintained its rating of A from MSCI
                 ESG, and received a rating of A from 2025 Wind ESG. Our talent team development became
                 more reasonable. We built an internal recruitment platform for vacant positions and promoted
                 the transfer of employees from the real estate development department to operation and
                 other departments to align with business transformation.

                 Despite that the Group significantly increased its revenue and maintained the stability of
                 its core business in general by adopting a series of effective measures, the severe industry
                 environment led to the continuous loss of its associates, causing material negative impact
                 on the Group. We had established mechanisms to closely monitor the associates on their
                 operation status, debt restructuring progress and risk mitigation. During the period, we had
                 made sufficient impairment provisions for our long-term equity investment in Road King
                 Infrastructure Limited (“Road King Infrastructure”, stock code: 1098.HK), the remaining
                 carrying amount has fairly reflected its market value, and subsequently, Road King
                 Infrastructure will not have a significant impact on the Group’s performance. Look forward,
                 the Group will focus more on its own operation and transformation, promote high-quality
                 development and safeguard the long-term interests of the Company and shareholders.
                                                                    Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   007



                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement




II. BUSINESS PLAN FOR THE SECOND HALF OF THE YEAR
   In the second half of the year, the Group will focus on “stable performance”, making an all-out
   sprint to meet annual targets. The Group will zero in on weaknesses and gaps, to ensure every
   objective is fully delivered and core performance is secured.

   Accelerate real estate sales de-stocking. Real estate sales de-stocking is the key to the
   completion of sales, revenue, profit and other performance indicators. In the face of increased
   competition in the market situation for the second half of the year, the Group will adopt a
   segmented marketing strategy. Firstly, the Group will focus on promoting core projects such as
   Natural City, strengthen the co-ordination of the arrangement and implement the sales return.
   Secondly, the Group will target at the popular projects such as Luxury Mansion, Cloud Center and
   Tairui Mansion, which had a stable trend in the first half of the year, and will take advantage of
   the market opportunities to maintain the flow rate and contribute to the over-performance. Thirdly,
   the Group will target at the projects entering the market to unleash the potential of incremental
   capacity. By focusing on the 5 new projects entering the market such as Cuiwei Valley, the Group
   will make every effort to make preparations for the opening of the market and refine the customer
   storage action in order to strive to achieve a good start. Fourthly, the Group will pay close attention
   to the inventory projects, and optimize the inventory structure by formulating a marketing strategy in
   line with the market, and applying flexible sales tactics to firmly de-stock.

   Strengthen the management of real estate assets. In the face of the increasingly competitive
   environment of the commercial and office market in Shenzhen, the Group will continue to
   strengthen the investment operation and efficiency enhancement of its leasing properties, and
   take various measures to safeguard the stability of rental income. Firstly, the Group will take the
   initiative to expand resource channels, and increase investment promotion and lease renewal
   efforts. The Group will optimize rental strategies according to market dynamics, and provide
   customized solutions for quality customers, to enhance project competitiveness. Secondly, the
   Group will continue to promote the transformation and upgrading of old properties, standardize
   the leasing process and revitalize inefficient assets. Thirdly, the Group will lay out major projects in
   progress in a forward-looking manner, accelerate the development of the “water street”（水街）,
   the commercial component of Bay Front. By considering the asset-operation needs in advance
   at the development stage, the Group will ensure that the Phase II of the First Renewal Unit in
   Chegongmiao is precisely aligned with regional market demand and make products in high quality.
008   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Chairman’s Statement




       Strengthen the integrated urban operations business. We will further expand our scale,
       strengthen our operations and optimize our services to build the second growth curve of the
       Group’s performance. In terms of property operation, the Group will expand its scale and drive
       resource aggregation through bidding, joint ventures, government-enterprise cooperation and
       resource integration. At the same time, we will continue to implement a series of special actions,
       such as labor efficiency improvement, collection of historical fees in arrears, and other actions,
       to strengthen management efficiency, optimize service levels and enhance profitability. In terms
       of commercial operations, we will enhance our ability to replicate on a large scale, expand
       commercial projects through multiple channels, and continue to expand the overall scale of the
       commercial segment. We will focus on the preparatory work for the opening of major projects to
       ensure that the Huangmugang Metro Transport Hub and other projects will be opened on schedule
       and with high quality, and we will also continue to follow up on potential cooperation projects.
       In terms of hotel operation, we will take advantage of the opportunity of internal and external
       resource integration to expand our scale and enhance our operation capability. We will continue to
       adopt the refined revenue management strategy of the “measures according to the actual situation
       of each hotel” for the operating hotels to improve the operation efficiency and reduce costs and
       increase efficiency in multiple dimensions.

       Actively promote the landing of strategic resources. We will steadily push forward interest
       integration and urban renewal projects, and will continue to promote the Bagualing Area 6-1
       project, the Shangbu Industrial Zone project and the Henggang South project, with a view to
       releasing the existing resources for urban renewal and interest integration in an orderly manner. At
       the same time, we will pay close attention to opportunities arising in the market, conduct in-depth
       studies and make accurate judgments in the light of the Group’s direction of transformation and
       development and future business layout, and strive to expand our market share.

       Strengthen financial risk management and control. The Group has always attached great
       importance to risk management, and given the complex and ever-changing environment in both
       domestic and international markets, we will further strengthen the risk management and control. On
       the one hand, we will continue to promote the scale reduction of HK$ debts, and on the other hand,
       we will continuously optimize our debt maturity structure by replacing certain medium and short-
       term debts with long-term debts to alleviate the short-term debt pressure of the Group. Meanwhile,
       we will strictly control the investment standards to ensure efficient allocation and stable return of
       funds. The Group will continuously adhere to a prudent financial strategy and strengthen compliant
       operations, for the purposes of laying a solid foundation for sustainable development, and creating
       long-term value for shareholders.
                                                                   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   009



                                                                                  Chairman’s Statement




III. THOUGHTS ON THE TRANSFORMATION OF SHENZHEN
     INVESTMENT
   In July of this year, a decade after the last convening, the central government once again held
   the urban work conference and issued a key assessment: China’s urbanization has shifted from a
   period of rapid growth to one of stable development, and urban expansion has moved from large-
   scale incremental expansion to a phase focused on improving the quality and efficiency of existing
   housing stock. Housing is the core spatial carrier of urbanization and urban development. With
   the main line of urban development shifting from incremental expansion to stock renewal, quality
   improvement and efficiency enhancement, the foundation for large-scale expansion of real estate
   in the future will no longer exist. In the past, the Group heavily relied on the property development
   business to contribute core revenue and gross profits. Amid the drastic shifts in the real estate
   market, our performance has declined markedly in recent years, and the imbalance and cyclical
   resilience in our business portfolio has exposed. In this situation, we must resolve to accelerate our
   business transformation, and build a business model that is in line with the new development stage.

   We chart our transformation roadmap on the basis of our existing business foundation, resource
   strengths and sector expectations. Asset management and integrated operation of real estate are
   inherently counter-cyclical, producing long-term, stable cash flows. Currently, the Group has a
   certain scale of operational real estates and continuously improved operational services, enabling
   us to safeguard a sustainable growth of operating results in the future. Over the next five years,
   we will focus on optimizing and upgrading our business structure by progressively reducing
   the proportion of development activities, while expanding the scale of real estate
   management, enhancing its operational and service capabilities, and building a full-
   cycle asset management system of “investment, financing, development, management
   and investment exit”, thereby transforming into a “real-estate asset manager and integrated
   operation service provider”.
010   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Chairman’s Statement




       Enhance the scale of real estate management. The Group currently holds over 1.70 million
       square meters of prime properties. Over the next three years, flagship projects such as “water
       street”（水街）of Bay Front and Tairan New Era（泰然新時代）, together with upscale hotels, will
       be gradually completed and brought online, the revenue and profit contribution of our real-estate
       asset-management business will rise steadily. We will continuously optimize the asset portfolio,
       timely making strategic investments in high-quality operational real estates to steadily expand the
       scale of asset management. The Group will seek opportunities to actively promote the de-stocking
       and disposal of existing assets developed for sale, so as to reduce the proportion of development
       business and further improve its asset structure. At the same time, we will rely on our established
       project development experience and professional team to develop construction service business,
       realizing the value transformation of our development capability and creating new solid revenue
       source.

       Strengthen the operation and management of real estates. Operations are ultimately about
       creating value through service; when we deliver offerings that customers love and are willing to
       pay for, revenue follows. We will provide professional and high-quality services to different types
       of customers such as merchants, enterprises, and residents based on consumption trends and
       industry demands, and continuously improve rental returns and asset management efficiency
       through refined operations. Besides, we will deepen brand export and model innovation, and fully
       leverage the advantages of our established operating brands to further drive the integration of
       all operational resources, with a commitment to building a competitive real estate operation and
       management platform in the industry.

       Build a closed loop of real estate capital. The Group will carry out the management of real
       estate fund, expand diversified financing channels, optimize the asset allocation and investment
       effectiveness, and actively promote the capital recovery and exiting with premium of well-developed
       assets with stable cash flows through securitization channels such as REITs, thereby building
       a closed loop of “investment, financing, development, management and investment exit” for its
       capital, enhancing the efficiency of capital circulation, and ultimately improving asset operating
       income and shareholder returns.
                                                                    Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   011



                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement




     Build investment and service capabilities in the technology sector. Apart from the
     abovementioned transformation of real estate business, we will create a business matrix of
     “industrial space + technology services + investment and incubation” regarding the technology
     sector for our industrial spaces and relevant customers, continuously exploring new profit
     growth points. In terms of industrial space, we will focus more on technology sector and develop
     specialized technology-themed parks through coordinated planning, property adjustments, and high
     standard construction, with an aim to improve the revenue per available square meter. In terms
     of technology service, we will deeply involve in the industrial ecosystem where our customers
     operate, providing them with multi-level services including resource link, policy guidance, and
     comprehensive legal and tax support, we will also deeply integrate technological tools, improving
     operational efficiency, customer experience and decision-making through digital and intelligent
     technologies. In terms of investment and incubation, by aligning with the parent company’s
     technology resources including extensive industrial parks, Guangming Science City and industrial
     investment funds, we will fully leverage our strength in the “promotion-investment linkage” model to
     enhance our incubation and investment capabilities for technology-industry and grow alongside the
     sci-tech enterprises in our parks.

     The transformation is more than a realignment of business structure; it is a fundamental
     reconstruction of the Group’s sustainability logic. To ensure the smooth execution of the
     transformation strategy, we will simultaneously optimize our organizational structure and
     enhance organizational effectiveness, aligning it precisely with our strategic development needs
     and providing robust support for the business transformation. Over the next five years, as our
     transformation strategy takes deeper hold, revenue from real-estate asset management and
     integrated operations will progressively become the Group’s core earnings pillars, the full-cycle
     asset management system will be gradually formed, and our investment and service capabilities in
     technology sector will be gradually enhanced. Standing at this new historical starting point, we are
     firmly committed to our goals and are confident in our direction, and we will make every effort to
     promote the high-quality transformation and development of the Group, and deliver long-term and
     stable returns for our shareholders!




WANG Yuwen
Chairman

28 August 2025
012   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Management Discussion and Analysis


 I.    Overall Results
       In the first half of 2025, the Group realized turnover of HK$10.35 billion, representing a year-on-
       year increase of 175%. Gross profit was HK$1.77 billion, with overall gross profit margin of 17.1%,
       and operating profit was HK$704 million. Due to unfavorable factors such as a decline in gross
       profit margin, losses from associates, substantial provisions for assets impairment and increased
       income tax expenses, loss attributable to owners of the Company was HK$2.62 billion. If excluding
       the net effect of changes in fair value of investment properties and financial assets attributable to
       the Group, provision for impairment of inventories and the effect of results from and provision of
       associates and joint ventures, the loss attributable to owners of the Company was HK$492 million.


 II. Property Development Business
       (I) Sales Revenue Booked
                 In the first half of 2025, the Group recorded property sales booked of approximately 292,485
                 square meters (excluding interests attributable to the major associates of the Group),
                 representing a significant increase of approximately 439% over the same period of last
                 year, and achieved sales revenue booked of approximately RMB6.88 billion (equivalent to
                 approximately HK$7.46 billion) (net of value-added tax), representing a significant increase
                 of approximately 633% over the same period of last year. Gross profit margin of property
                 development sales was 13.8%, representing a decrease of 18 percentage points over the
                 same period of last year.
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   013



                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Breakdown of Sales Booked in the First Half of 2025

 Property Name                  City        Type                                 Booked Area                   Sales
                                                                                      (sq.m.)              (RMB’000)
 Shum Yip Park Mansion          Shenzhen    Residential                                  44,560            1,803,293
 Shum Yip Natural City          Shenzhen    Residential                                  26,404              643,946
 Shum Yip Cloud Center          Shenzhen    Residential                                  16,928              501,382
 Taifu Square                   Shenzhen    Apartment/office                              9,181              225,737
 Sky Park                       Shenzhen    Apartment                                     3,580              218,467
 UpperHills                     Shenzhen    Residential/apartment/office/                   110                7,763
                                               innovative industrial building
 Scenery Bay                    Guangzhou   Residential                                   3,966              135,781
 Parkview Garden                Zhongshan   Residential                                  39,487            1,018,577
 Bay Front                      Zhongshan   Residential/apartment/office                 18,414              367,934
 Bustling City                  Foshan      Residential                                   3,950               47,463
 Shum Yip City                  Foshan      Residential/apartment                         1,385               13,311
 Gaobangshan                    Huizhou     Residential/commercial                       11,927               85,113
 Garden Hills                   Huizhou     Residential/commercial                        4,035               29,076
 Wanlin Lake                    Huizhou     Residential/commercial                          306                2,476
 Nanwan Mansion                 Nanjing     Residential                                   7,831              307,941
 Upper Life                     Nanjing     Residential/commercial                          805               13,368
 Heron Mansion                  Changsha    Residential/ancillary office                    259                3,204
 Shum Yip Tairong Mansion       Chengdu     Residential                                  36,896              701,778
 Shum Yip Dongyue Mansion       Chengdu     Residential/commercial                       27,384              370,542
 Shum Yip North Shore           Chengdu     Residential                                   6,689               41,175
 Nanhu Rose Bay                 Wuhan       Residential/villa/commercial                 14,166              179,321
 Shum Yip Huating               Wuhan       Residential                                     218                2,828
 Yunqi Garden                   Taizhou     Residential                                  12,313              107,266
 Jiangyin Shum Yip Technology   Wuxi        Plant                                         1,061                5,965
    Industrial Park
 Royal Spring Garden            Chaohu      Residential/villa                                203                2,667
 Ma’anshan Shum Yip Huafu       Ma’anshan   Residential/commercial                           431               13,905
 Parking space Note             –           Parking space                                      –               25,791
 Total                                                                                  292,489            6,876,070

Note: 349 parking spaces were sold
014   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Management Discussion and Analysis




       (II) Contracted Sales
                 In the first half of 2025, the Group realized contracted sales amount of approximately
                 RMB6.81 billion (equivalent to approximately HK$7.39 billion), representing an increase
                 of 10% year-on-year. Contracted sales area was approximately 300,000 square meters,
                 representing an increase of 26% year-on-year, and the average price per square meter was
                 RMB22,751. During the period, the Group expanded its marketing channels, seized market
                 opportunities, and accelerated the sales of existing projects. Projects under its portfolio,
                 including Luxury Mansion, Natural City and Shum Yip Cloud Center in Shenzhen, and Tairong
                 Mansion in Chengdu, maintained strong sales performance.

                 By geographical location, projects in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay
                 Area accounted for 80% of the contracted sales amount, 18% came from projects in the
                 municipalities and provincial capitals, and 2% came from other cities. By the types of
                 products, residential products accounted for 88% of contracted sales, and non-residential
                 products (including office, apartment and industrial park) accounted for 12%.

                 Breakdown of Contracted Sales in the First Half of 2025

                    Property Name                         City        Type                     Sales Area    Sales Note 1
                                                                                                   (sq.m.)   (RMB’000)
                    Shum Yip Luxury Mansion               Shenzhen    Residential                  25,271    1,698,417
                    Shum Yip Natural City                 Shenzhen    Residential                  37,260    1,011,802
                    Shum Yip Cloud Center                 Shenzhen    Residential                  17,048      546,890
                    Tairui Mansion                        Shenzhen    Residential                  11,969      546,120
                    Shum Yip Taifu Square                 Shenzhen    Apartment                     9,600      244,000
                    Sky Park                              Shenzhen    Apartment                     3,383      218,004
                    Shum Yip Time Mansion                 Shenzhen    Apartment                     1,973       82,127
                    UpperHills                            Shenzhen    Industrial R&D, office        1,069       51,034
                    Parkview Bay                          Shenzhen    Residential                     191       20,300
                    Shum Yip Upper Coast                  Shenzhen    Residential                     116       10,316
                    Tanglang City Note 2                  Shenzhen    Apartment                        75        5,529
                    Shum Yip Scenery Bay                  Guangzhou   Residential                   4,094      114,374
                    Bustling City                         Foshan      Residential                   3,205       41,934
                    Shum Yip City                         Foshan      Residential                   1,034        9,426
                    Gaobangshan No. 1                     Huizhou     Residential                  18,798      141,788
                    Garden Hills                          Huizhou     Residential                  12,303       79,994
                    Wanlin Huafu                          Huizhou     Residential                   3,969       43,361
                    Wanlin Lake                           Huizhou     Residential                   1,678        9,676
                    Bay Front                             Zhongshan   Residential, apartment       22,198      252,370
                    Parkview Garden                       Zhongshan   Residential                  38,994      333,950
                                                               Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   015



                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




 Property Name                  City        Type                                  Sales Area            Sales Note 1
                                                                                      (sq.m.)           (RMB’000)
 Upper Mansion                  Shanghai    Residential                                 7,066              247,553
 Nanwan Mansion                 Nanjing     Residential                                 3,285              134,225
 Shum Yip Upper Life            Nanjing     Residential                                 3,332               54,170
 Shum Yip Luxiyunjing           Changsha    Residential                                   864               16,642
 Shum Yip Heron Mansion         Changsha    Residential                                    43                  690
 Shum Yip Tairong Mansion       Chengdu     Residential                                18,863              392,449
 Shum Yip Dongyue Mansion       Chengdu     Residential                                10,544              154,950
 Shum Yip North Shore           Chengdu     Residential                                 7,363               49,209
 Qingbaijiang Shum Yip          Chengdu     Residential
    Taifu Square                                                                        5,471               36,124
 Shum Yip Hua City              Chengdu     Residential                                   112                1,580
 Shum Yip Yihu Rose Garden      Chengdu     Commercial                                     34                  114
 Nanhu Rose Bay                 Wuhan       Commercial, parking space                  11,658              150,049
 Jiangyin Shum Yip Technology   Wuxi        Industrial R&D
    Industrial Park                                                                      5,752               27,735
 Shum Yip Yunqi Garden          Taizhou     Residential                                  7,215               65,287
 Shum Yip Huafu                 Ma’anshan   Commercial                                   2,123               14,552
 Shenma Cihu High-tech          Ma’anshan   Industrial R&D
    Industrial Park                                                                      1,572                5,030
 Others                         –           –                                                –                2,667
 Total                                                                                299,525            6,814,438

Note 1:   As all the contracted sales took place in Mainland China, the contracted sales figures are
          expressed in Renminbi.

Note 2:   Tanglang City project was co-developed with Shenzhen Metro Group, as to 50% owned by the
          Group, and it is accounted for using equity method.
016   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Management Discussion and Analysis




       (III) Project Development and Construction
                 In the first half of 2025, the Group’s newly started construction area was approximately
                 370,000 square meters. The planned completed projects were delivered on schedule with a
                 completed area of approximately 373,000 square meters.

                 New Construction Projects in the First Half of 2025

                                                                                                  New
                                                                                         Construction
                    Project                                   City       Type                    Area
                                                                                           (sq.m.’000)
                    Phase 1 of the First Urban Renewal Unit   Shenzhen   Commercial                207
                      in Chegongmiao Tairan Industrial Zone                services
                    Wuhan Shum Yip Cuiwei Valley Phase 1      Wuhan      Residential               163
                    Total                                                                          370


                 Newly Completed Projects in the First Half of 2025

                                                                                                 Newly
                                                                                            Completed
                    Project                                   City       Type                     Area
                                                                                            (sq.m.’000)
                    Longgang Shum Yip Chuangzhi Building      Shenzhen   Industrial                 51
                      Entire Phase
                    Zhongshan G29 Phase 1                     Zhongshan Residential                 75
                    Bay Front Project Phase 1 (Residential    Zhongshan Residential                 49
                      F26/3)
                    Nanwan Mansion Phase 2 (Block 1, 4#)      Nanjing    Residential                29
                    Longquanyi Project North Land Plot        Chengdu    Complex                    98
                      Residential
                    Wuxi Jiangyin Research and Innovation     Wuxi       Industrial                 71
                      Park Phase 2
                    Total                                                                          373
                                                                      Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025    017



                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




(IV) Land Expansion and Reserves
    As of 30 June 2025, the Group had land reserves with a capacity building area of
    approximately 6,025,000 square meters. The structure of the land reserve remained
    reasonable and healthy, with land reserve in the Greater Bay Area, the Yangtze River Delta
    region and the second-tier provincial capital cities accounting for 69%, 13% and 18% of the
    total capacity buildings area respectively.

    During the period, Phase II of the First Renewal Unit in Chegongmiao in Shenzhen achieved a
    breakthrough, with the demolition phase successfully wrapped up. In June 2025, the Group
    completed the signing of the land contract for the south land plot with a total land price of
    approximately RMB1.1 billion. Covering a total area of 28,000 square meters, Phase II of the
    First Renewal Unit in Chegongmiao has a total gross floor area of 488,000 square meters
    and a capacity building area of 360,000 square meters. It is planned to be built into a TOD
    urban complex integrating office, industry and commerce in the future, and will become a
    new business landmark in the Chegongmiao area.

                          Distribution of Land Reserves (As at 30 June 2025)

       By type – Capacity Building Area Note                By region – Capacity Building Area Note
                     (sq.m.)                                               (sq.m.)

                    6%
                                 17%
         11%                                                          18%




                                                                13%

                                        66%
                                                                                                              69%



       Commercial, commercial/     Residential                 Guangdong-            Yangtze River         2nd-tier provincial
       residential and others                                  Hong Kong-            Delta area            capital cities and
                                                               Macao Greater                               others
       Complex                     Industrial                  Bay Area




    Note: Capacity building area is the sum of the gross floor area which is used in the calculation of the plot
          ratio within the land for construction.
018   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Management Discussion and Analysis




 III. Property Investment Business
      In the first half of 2025, the Group recorded an income from property investment of approximately
      HK$650 million, with a gross profit margin of property investment business of approximately
      70.1%. As at 30 June 2025, the Group had investment properties of approximately 1,734,000
      square meters, with a fair value of approximately HK$33.50 billion. During the period, facing the
      severe challenges of market downturn and intensified competition, the Group insisted on refined
      operation and took various measures to enhance tenant sourcing for office buildings, industrial
      parks, commercial complex and professional markets, with the overall occupancy rate reaching
      90%. The Group upgraded and renovated old properties, which helped boost both asset value
      and rental income, for example, old dormitories were upgraded into “Shum Yip Neighborhood”
      （深業鄰里）long-term rental apartments, and the long-vacant property on the second floor
      of Haisong Building（海松大廈）was renovated and upgraded into a diversified night economy
      consumption scenario, with the monthly rent increased by up to 180%. UpperHills office building
      has comprehensively improved its service quality, advanced both “lease renewal + customer
      development” in parallel and pioneered a zero-cost fine decoration delivery model. Against the
      market downturn, it has newly signed 7 corporate customers, including one Fortune Global 500
      company and three industry leaders. At present, there are 13 Fortune Global 500 companies in
      UpperHills office building, maintaining its position as the second in Shenzhen.


 IV. Urban Integrated Operation Business
       (I) Overview of the Business Segment
               In the first half of 2025, the Group recorded an income from property management business
               of approximately HK$1,590 million, representing an increase of 8% over the same period
               of last year, with gross profit margin of approximately 15.0%. The Group’s urban integrated
               operations business, comprising urban and industrial park property management, residential
               property management, commercial operation and property management services, had a
               total contracted GFA of approximately 105.85 million square meters and a total GFA under
               management of approximately 102.40 million square meters, of which approximately 81%
               was attributable to independent third-party projects and approximately 71% was attributable
               to non-residential properties, both indicators are higher than the industry average. With
               its industry-leading comprehensive strength and widely-recognized service, Shum Yip
               Operations of the Group was listed among the “Top 100 Property Service Enterprises China
               2025 (No. 14)” (2025年全國物業服務百強企業第14位）by the China Index Academy,
               “Top China’s Property Management Companies by Comprehensive Strength 2025 (No. 19)”
               （ 2025中國物業服務企業綜合實力第19名）and “Top China’s State-Owned Property
               Management Companies by Comprehensive Strength 2025 (No. 7)”（ 2025中國國有物業
               服務企業綜合實力第7名）by CRIC Property Management.
                                                             Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   019



                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




(II) Business Expansion
    In the first half of 2025, Shum Yip Operations of the Group had net expanded area under
    management of approximately 3.11 million square meters, with a total contract value of
    RMB410 million, demonstrating robust market-oriented expansion capabilities. Shum Yip
    Operations continued to make breakthroughs in external expansion across sectors such
    as property management urban and public construction property. Notable achievements
    include securing the integrated environmental sanitation service projects for Dongmen
    Street and Sungang Street in Shenzhen, winning the property management urban project for
    Zhengpugang New District in Ma’anshan City and successfully obtaining the comprehensive
    maintenance project for Shenzhen Central Park and multiple indemnificatory housing property
    management projects in Longhua District, Shenzhen. Additionally, Shum Yip Operations
    expanded its portfolio with service management projects for Bank of Communications Fujian
    Branch and China Mobile in several regions.


(III) Commercial Operation
    In the first half of 2025, the Group unveiled its “3+X” commercial product line strategy,
    significantly enhancing the commercial brand influence of Shum Yip. During the period, the
    commercial sector focused on upgrading its brand matrix, opening 77 new stores including
    18 national and regional flagship stores. The Group accelerated the development of its “mall
    + park + cultural-sports-tourism” IP by hosting events such as the Guangdong-Hong Kong-
    Macao Greater Bay Area Garden Competition（粵港澳大灣區花園大賽）and the Spartan
    Race Challenge（斯巴達勇士挑戰賽）, achieving remarkable international exposure.
    The flagship project UpperHills had over 20 million visitors in the first half of the year with
    sales revenue increasing by 29% year-on-year. Its outstanding performance earned multiple
    awards including “Top 50 Shopping Centers with Comprehensive Excellence 2025”（ 2025
    購物中心綜合實力卓越表現50強）, “Gotrip Gold Award – Most Popular Mall in the
    Greater Bay Area 2025”（Gotrip2025年金牌大灣區最受歡迎商場大獎）and “First-
    launch Economy Vibrant Shopping Center 2025”（ 2025年度首發經濟活力購物中
    心）. The commercial leasing of newly launched Huangmugang Metro Transport Hub project
    progressed smoothly, while the “Bay Front • UpperHills Water Street（灣中 • 上城水街）”
    held its brand signing ceremony and Magical World Dream Journey launch event, with the
    first batch of brands officially on board.
020   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Management Discussion and Analysis




 V.    Hotel Operation Business
      In the first half of 2025, the Group recorded an income from hotel operation business (included
      under other operating segment) of approximately HK$210 million, representing an increase of
      3% over the same period of last year. The gross profit margin of hotel operation business was
      approximately 22.9%, representing a significant year-on-year increase of 8.7 percentage points.
      The Group has a total of 17 hotels in operation, management, and under construction or planning,
      including 8 hotels that are open for operation. Among them, 6 are hotels held for operation by
      the Group, and 2 are hotels entrusted to the Group for management. The Group currently has a
      total of 9 hotels under construction or planning. During the period, benefiting from precise market
      positioning and flexible operational strategies tailored to each hotel, the hotel business of the Group
      demonstrated strong resilience. The Mandarin Oriental Shenzhen has risen to the top of the STR
      room revenue index among Shenzhen’s luxury hotel competitive set by capitalizing on initiatives
      such as the “concert economy”（演唱會經濟）. Additionally, its MO Bar made its debut on the
      “Asia’s 50 Best Bars”（亞洲50最佳酒吧）list in 2025, ranking 21st. The Group’s “Jingju Resorts”
      （憬居度假） saw its branded first store, Wuyishan Jingju Resort Hotel（武夷山憬居度假
      酒店）, officially commence operations in the second quarter, pioneering an innovative “hotel +
      wellness”（酒店+康養）model. It has garnered multiple prestigious awards, including the GBE
      Hotel Design Awards 2025（2025 GBE酒店設計大獎）for “Most Anticipated New Opening Hotel”
      （最受期待開業酒店獎）, as well as the 18th China Best Hotel Awards（第十八屆中國最
      佳酒店大獎）for “Best Tourism Destination Hotel”（最佳旅遊目的地酒店）and “Best Family
      Resort Hotel”（最佳親子度假酒店）.
                                                          Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   021



                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




Hotels in Operation of the Group

 Hotel Name                        Guest Room                       Operation Mode
 Mandarin Oriental Shenzhen        178 guest rooms                  Held for operation
 Muji Hotel                        79 guest rooms                   Held for operation
 Jingju Hotel in Shenzhen Women    194 guest rooms                  Held for operation
    and Children Tower
 Holiday Inn Resort Chaohu         203 guest rooms                  Held for operation
    Hot Spring
 Chaohu Royal Spring Garden        20 villas and 7 onsen suites Held for operation
    Hot Spring Hotel
 Suzhou Marriott Hotel             300 guest rooms                  Held for operation
 Wuyishan Jingju Resort Hotel      150 guest rooms                  Entrusted for management
   （武夷山憬居度假酒店）
 Kashi Shum Yip Radisson Hotel     261 guest rooms                  Entrusted for management
   （喀什深業麗笙酒店）

Hotels Under Construction or Planning of the Group

 Hotel Name                        Guest Room                       Project Phase
 Marriott Luxury Collection Hotel 173 guest rooms                   Under construction
   （萬豪豪華精選酒店）
 Marriott AC Hotel（萬豪AC酒店） 207 guest rooms                          Under construction
 Zhongshan InterContinental Hotel 135 guest rooms                   Under construction
   （中山洲際酒店）
 Zhongshan EVEN Hotel             225 guest rooms                   Under construction
   （中山逸衡酒店）
 Oakwood Premier Shenzhen         342 guest rooms                   Under construction
   （深圳奧克伍德豪景
    服務式公寓）
 Somerset Chengdu                 152 guest rooms                   Under construction
   （成都盛捷服務式公寓）
 Citadines Chengdu                228 guest rooms                   Under construction
   （成都馨樂庭服務式公寓）
 Jingju Collection Shenyang       149 guest rooms                   Under planning
   （瀋陽憬居精選酒店）
 Century Valley Service Apartment 200 guest rooms                   Under planning
   （世紀山谷服務式公寓
    酒店）
022   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Management Discussion and Analysis




 VI. Advanced Manufacturing Business
       In the first half of 2025, revenue from manufacturing business of the Group amounted to HK$230
       million, representing an increase of 27% year-on-year, and gross profit margin was approximately
       26.2%, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.9 percentage points. The manufacturing business
       of the Group is mainly from its subsidiary Shenzhen Jinghua Displays Electronics Co., Ltd. (“Jinghua
       Company”), which is engaged in the research and development, production and sales of products
       such as IoT intelligent display controllers and LCD devices. With the qualification of national high-
       tech enterprise and Shenzhen specialized and sophisticated SMEs, it is a high-quality service
       provider in the field of human-machine interface display and interactive control. During the period,
       Jinghua Company demonstrated robust operational performance with notable achievements in
       market expansion, achieving an increase of 25% over the same period of last year in shipments.
       Cost control measures were further optimized, reducing inventory levels by 17% compared to the
       same period of last year. Jinghua Company sustained its technological innovation momentum, filing
       two invention patent applications and securing one granted invention patent in the first half of the
       year.


 VII. Modern Agriculture Business
      In the first half of 2025, revenue from agriculture operation of the Group (included under other
      operating segment) was approximately HK$140 million, representing a significant increase of
      108% as compared to the same period of last year, and gross profit margin was approximately
      3.1%, representing a period-on-period increase of 5.2 percentage points. During the period, the
      Group continued to optimize its agricultural business model, focusing on innovative approaches
      such as cooperative farming and contract farming, while steadily advancing its supply chain
      operations. It achieved a milestone with its first export of frozen pork to Hong Kong, marking
      a “zero breakthrough”（零突破） in agricultural product exports. The agri-tourism project
      maintained stable operations, with the formation of a strategic project matrix comprising “3 Seasons
      Countryside + 2 Four Seasons Flower Wonderland”（ 3 個四季田園+2 個四季花谷）. Among
      these, Dapeng · Seasons Coastal Countryside（大鵬 · 四季濱海田園）in Shenzhen emphasized
      educational tourism, while the Nan’ao · Seasons Countryside Homestay（南澳 · 四季田園民
      宿）gained market recognition and was selected as one of the 20+ Exemplary Cases of “Shenzhen
      Social Forces Boosting Rural Revitalization”（深圳社會力量助力鄉村振興）in 2024. During
      its trial operation over the Labor Day holiday, the homestay achieved “full occupancy upon opening”
      （開業即滿房）.
                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   023



                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




VIII. Financial Management
   (I) Capital and Financing
       The Group successfully arranged the replacement of a syndicated loan of HK$4 billion to
       secure funding. As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s total bank and other borrowings amounted
       to HK$37.19 billion (31 December 2024: HK$37.37 billion). Floating rate loans and fixed-
       rate loans accounted for 68% and 32%, respectively; long-term loans and short-term loans
       accounted for 73% and 27%, respectively; borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars
       and Renminbi borrowings accounted for 38% and 62%, respectively.

       The Group optimized its capital and debt structure through various means, reducing its HK$
       debts by HK$700 million. As at 30 June 2025, the Group had net assets, excluding non-
       controlling interests, of HK$36.76 billion (31 December 2024: HK$38.55 billion). The cash
       balance was HK$10.35 billion (including restricted cash) (31 December 2024: HK$11.80
       billion). The asset-liability ratio, excluding advance receipts, was 68.1%, and the net gearing
       ratio (net debt excluding interest-bearing loans from related parties divided by equity
       attributable to owners of the Company) was 73.0%.

       With the floating interest rate of Hong Kong dollar declined, the average comprehensive
       interest rate of the Group’s bank and other borrowings decreased by 0.4 percentage points to
       an annual rate of 3.6% as compared to that of last year.

       Key Financial Indicators

                                                                            As at                       As at
                                                                         30 June                 31 December
                                                                            2025                        2024
                                                                         HK$100                      HK$100
                                                                          million                      million
        Bank and other borrowings                                            371.9                          373.7
          – Long-term borrowings                                             271.6                          228.1
          – Short-term borrowings                                            100.3                          145.6
        Cash (including restricted cash)                                     103.5                          118.0
        Net gearing ratio                                                   73.0%                           66.3%
024   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Management Discussion and Analysis




       (II) Effect of Exchange Rate Fluctuation
                 The Group’s assets are mainly denominated in Renminbi, while Hong Kong dollar is adopted
                 as the reporting currency in the Group’s financial statements. The effect of the decrease
                 in RMB exchange rate on the Group’s finance was mainly reflected in the appreciation of
                 the asset and earnings denominated in Renminbi against Hong Kong dollar, the reporting
                 currency. During the period, such fluctuations in the asset and earnings denominated in
                 Renminbi against Hong Kong dollar, the reporting currency, of HK$940 million were included
                 in other comprehensive income.


       (III) Cost Control
                 The Group’s focus on leaning to reduce costs and increase efficiency has resulted in a
                 decrease of 18% in administrative expenses over the same period of last year, resulting in
                 cost savings of approximately HK$110 million.


 IX. Others
       (I) Other Expenses
                 In the first half of 2025, the Group’s other expenses amounted to approximately HK$340
                 million (first half of 2024: HK$160 million), representing a period-on-period increase of
                 113%. It was mainly because that the Group made an impairment provision of approximately
                 HK$190 million on the inventories held due to the downturn in selling prices in the real estate
                 market.


       (II) Performance of Major Joint Ventures and Associates
                 In the first half of 2025, the overall results of the Group’s major joint ventures and associates
                 underperformed due to the impact of the real estate industry recession.

                 Taizhou Shum Yip Investment Development Limited (a 51% owned company of the Group)
                 contributed loss of approximately HK$5.22 million to the Group. Shenzhen Tianan Cyber Park
                 (Group) Co., Ltd. (a 37.5% owned company of the Group) contributed loss of approximately
                 HK$16.74 million to the Group. Shum King Company Limited (a 50% owned company of the
                 Group) contributed loss of approximately HK$86 million to the Group. Road King Infrastructure
                 Limited (1098.HK) (a 27% owned company of the Group) contributed loss (including
                 impairment losses) of approximately HK$1,806 million to the Group.

                 The remaining carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Road King Infrastructure amounted
                 to approximately HK$170 million has fairly reflected its market value. Subsequently, the
                 results of Road King Infrastructure will not have a significant negative impact on the Group’s
                 performance.
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   025



                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




(III) Pledge of Assets and Provision for Contingent Liabilities
    As at 30 June 2025, the Group had total loans of HK$8.19 billion (31 December 2024:
    HK$8.34 billion) that were pledged with assets.

    As at 30 June 2025, the Group has given guarantees amounted to HK$0.87 billion in
    aggregate in respect of bank and other borrowings.


(IV) Progress of the Litigation Involving Shum Yip Terra Company
   On 29 November 2024, Chengdu Fengze Investment Co., Ltd（成都豐澤投資有限公
   司）(“Chengdu Fengze”) and Shum Yip Terra (Holdings) Company Limited（深業泰然（集
   團）股份有限公司） (“Shum Yip Terra Company”, together with Chengdu Fengze, the
   “Subsidiaries”), both being non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, received a
   statement of claim（民事起訴狀）from the Intermediate People’s Court of Chengdu City
   （成都市中級人民法院）regarding the claims by Sichuan Haofu Industrial Co., Ltd.（四
   川浩福實業有限公司）(the “Claimant”) against the Subsidiaries and four individuals (all
   of the individuals are not directors or senior management of the Company) regarding the
   disputes in earnings distribution over the investment of “198” Congshu Area (“198”叢樹片
   區）in Chenghua district, Chengdu, the People’s Republic of China (the “Litigation”), with
   an amount of the claim of approximately RMB220 million. The Subsidiaries have engaged
   legal advisers to handle the Litigation, and will rigorously defend the Litigation to protect its
   legitimate interest. The first trial of the case commenced on 24 December 2024 and is now
   in progress. As the Litigation is still at an early stage, it is difficult to predict the final outcome
   of the Litigation with certainty and the Company is still assessing the financial impact of the
   Litigation on the Group.
026   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Management Discussion and Analysis




       (V) Employees and Remuneration Policy
                 As at 30 June 2025, the Group employed 20,261 employees (30 June 2024: 20,417
                 employees) of whom 16 were stationed in Hong Kong (mainly managerial and finance related
                 personnel), and the rest were in Mainland China. The total remuneration for the six months
                 ended 30 June 2025 (excluding remuneration of the directors and senior management)
                 amounted to approximately RMB1.228 billion (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB1.255
                 billion).

                 The benefits and bonuses of the Group’s employees are determined based on their individual
                 performance, the Group’s profit condition, benefit level of the industry and the current market
                 condition. The remuneration packages are reviewed on an annual basis to ensure internal
                 equity and its competitiveness in the market. In driving performance, we also grant share
                 options, under the share option scheme of the Company, to employees based on individual
                 performance and the results of the Group.
                                                                   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   027



Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                      Notes               HK$’000         HK$’000
 Revenue                                                 6             10,349,995                       3,756,918
 Cost of sales and services                              7             (8,576,728)                     (2,671,081)
 Gross profit                                                            1,773,267                      1,085,837
 Selling and distribution expenses                       7                (242,900)                      (168,706)
 Administrative expenses                                 7                (491,482)                      (598,568)
 Increase in fair value of financial assets at
    fair value through profit or loss                                            1,118                          7,764
 Losses resulted from changes in fair value of
    and transfer to investment properties               14                  (99,669)                         (27,265)
 Net impairment losses on financial assets                                  (10,364)                         (14,393)
 Other expenses                                          7                 (336,844)                       (155,611)
 Other income                                            8                  108,875                         116,476
 Other gains                                             9                    2,386                              198
 Operating profit                                                           704,387                         245,732
 Finance income                                         10                   43,437                          81,101
 Finance costs                                          10                 (731,125)                       (722,250)
 Finance costs-net                                      10                 (687,688)                       (641,149)
 Share of results of joint ventures and associates
   (including impairment losses)                      16,17             (1,923,573)                        (550,434)
 Loss before income tax                                                 (1,906,874)                        (945,851)
 Income tax expenses                                    11                (600,459)                        (196,011)
 Loss for the interim period                                            (2,507,333)                    (1,141,862)
 Loss for the interim period attributable to:
 – Owners of the Company                                                (2,618,042)                    (1,101,144)
 – Non-controlling interests                                               110,709                         (40,718)
                                                                        (2,507,333)                    (1,141,862)
 Losses per share for loss attributable
   to the owners of the Company
   (expressed in HK cents per share)                    12
 – Basic and diluted                                                           (29.42)                         (12.37)


The above interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with
the accompanying notes.
028     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000
    Loss for the interim period                                      (2,507,333)     (1,141,862)
    Other comprehensive income
   Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
      – Share of changes of other comprehensive income
           of an associate                                               1,238         (117,511)
      – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations      936,496         (447,105)
   Other comprehensive income for the interim period,
     net of tax                                                        937,734         (564,616)
   Total comprehensive income for the interim period                 (1,569,599)     (1,706,478)
   Total comprehensive income attributable to:
     – Owners of the Company                                         (1,786,071)     (1,622,390)
     – Non-controlling interests                                        216,472          (84,088)
                                                                     (1,569,599)     (1,706,478)


 The above interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in
 conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   029



Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                     As at 30 June 2025




                                                                       Unaudited                       Audited
                                                                         30 June                  31 December
                                                                            2025                         2024
                                                         Notes          HK$’000                       HK$’000
 ASSETS
 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                            14          6,774,643                      6,663,197
 Investment properties                                    14         33,503,433                     32,916,540
 Investments in joint ventures                            16          8,062,462                      7,942,496
 Investments in associates                                17            470,123                      2,263,641
 Intangible assets                                                      846,300                        843,325
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    18            143,084                        139,649
 Financial assets at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                                                   2,353                          2,317
 Trade and other receivables                              19             684,787                        661,023
 Deferred income tax assets                                            3,590,629                      3,520,101
                                                                     54,077,814                     54,952,289
 Current assets
 Properties under development                             20         58,149,485                     60,556,638
 Completed properties held for sale                       21         32,536,908                     32,734,452
 Inventories                                                            252,999                        240,115
 Trade and other receivables                              19         12,453,835                     10,884,193
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    18                749                            894
 Biological assets                                                        4,285                          1,489
 Restricted cash and bank deposits                        22          5,437,258                      6,013,544
 Cash and cash equivalents                                22          4,915,087                      5,786,000
                                                                   113,750,606                    116,217,325
 Total assets                                                      167,828,420                    171,169,614
030     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
 As at 30 June 2025




                                                                              Unaudited         Audited
                                                                                30 June    31 December
                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                              Notes            HK$’000         HK$’000
   EQUITY
   Equity attributable to the owners of the
     Company
   Share capital                                                23            22,071,756    22,071,756
   Capital reserve                                              23                59,019        59,019
   Other reserves                                               23             1,859,968     1,027,997
   Retained earnings                                                          12,773,149    15,391,191
                                                                              36,763,892    38,549,963
   Non-controlling interests                                                   6,980,282     6,769,996
   Total equity                                                               43,744,174    45,319,959
   LIABILITIES
   Non-current liabilities
   Bank and other borrowings                                    24            27,159,952    22,804,481
   Lease liabilities                                            15               243,449       252,259
   Deferred income                                                                18,641        19,759
   Due to the immediate holding company                         29                     –       697,382
   Deferred income tax liabilities                                             7,234,648     7,159,234
                                                                              34,656,690    30,933,115
   Current liabilities
   Bank and other borrowings                                    24         10,028,586       14,560,568
   Contract liabilities                                                    30,419,695       28,229,357
   Trade and other payables                                     25         17,308,075       18,819,666
   Lease liabilities                                            15             85,863           93,909
   Due to the immediate holding company                         29          4,505,753        3,638,644
   Due to the ultimate holding company                          29         18,378,428       18,652,676
   Tax payable                                                              8,701,156       10,921,720
                                                                           89,427,556       94,916,540
   Total liabilities                                                      124,084,246      125,849,655
   Total equity and liabilities                                           167,828,420      171,169,614

 The above interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction
 with the accompanying notes.

 The interim condensed consolidated financial information on pages 27 to 78 was approved by the Board
 of directors on 28 August 2025 and was signed on its behalf.


 Mr. WANG Yuwen                                             Ms. SHI Xiaomei
 Director                                                   Director
                                                                                       Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025      031



Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                                Unaudited

                                                    Attributable to the owners of the Company                           Non-
                                           Share          Capital       Other     Retained                      controlling                Total
                                          capital        reserve     reserves     earnings             Total       interests           equity
                                         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000

 Balance at 1 January 2025             22,071,756         59,019    1,027,997 15,391,191 38,549,963               6,769,996 45,319,959

 Comprehensive income for the six
    months ended 30 June 2025
 Loss for the interim period                   –               –            –    (2,618,042) (2,618,042)            110,709       (2,507,333)
 Other comprehensive income:
 Exchange differences on translation
    of foreign operations                      –               –      830,733             –        830,733          105,763          936,496
 Share of other comprehensive
    income of an associate                     –               –        1,238             –           1,238                 –              1,238

 Total comprehensive income
    for the interim period                     –               –      831,971    (2,618,042) (1,786,071)            216,472       (1,569,599)

 Transactions with owners in
    their capacity as owners
 Dividends provided for or paid                –               –            –             –                –          (6,186)          (6,186)

 Total transactions with owners                –               –            –             –                –          (6,186)          (6,186)

 Balance at 30 June 2025               22,071,756         59,019    1,859,968 12,773,149 36,763,892               6,980,282 43,744,174
032     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                                              Unaudited

                                                                Attributable to the owners of the Company                      Non-
                                                       Share         Capital         Other       Retained                 controlling       Total
                                                      capital       reserve       reserves       earnings         Total    interests       equity
                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000

   Balance at 1 January 2024                    22,071,756          59,019      2,370,145 17,836,686 42,337,606           5,142,605 47,480,211

   Comprehensive income for the six
      months ended 30 June 2024
   Loss for the interim period                              –             –              –    (1,101,144) (1,101,144)       (40,718) (1,141,862)
   Other comprehensive income:
   Exchange differences on translation
      of foreign operations                                 –             –      (403,735)                –   (403,735)     (43,370)    (447,105)
   Share of other comprehensive
      income of an associate                                –             –      (117,511)                –   (117,511)            –    (117,511)

   Total comprehensive income
      for the interim period                                –             –      (521,246) (1,101,144) (1,622,390)          (84,088) (1,706,478)

   Transactions with owners in
      their capacity as owners
   Capital injections from
      non-controlling interests                             –             –              –                –          –        6,605        6,605
   Dividends provided for or paid                           –             –              –      (622,916)     (622,916)     (33,375)    (656,291)
   Equity-settled share option expense                      –             –             27                –         27             –          27

   Total transactions with owners                           –             –             27      (622,916)     (622,889)     (26,770)    (649,659)

   Balance at 30 June 2024                      22,071,756          59,019      1,848,926 16,112,626 40,092,327           5,031,747 45,124,074


 The above interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction
 with the accompanying notes.
                                                           Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025    033



Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                      Unaudited
                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                   5,966,781                        350,442
Interest paid                                                   (1,188,554)                    (1,025,729)
Interest received                                                   43,437                         81,101
Income tax paid                                                 (3,182,979)                    (1,021,386)
Net cash flows generated from/(used in)
  operating activities                                           1,638,685                     (1,615,572)
Cash flows from investing activities
Payments of loans to joint ventures                                 (65,130)                       (280,704)
Repayments of loans to joint ventures                                 5,037                           13,210
Capital injection to joint ventures and associates                  (94,671)                               –
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                         (165,617)                       (108,187)
Purchases of investment properties under development                (10,643)                         (81,378)
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                  –                               50
Interest received from loans to related parties                          84                           10,520
Dividends received from financial assets fair value
   through profit or loss                                                       –                              70
Net cash flows used in investing activities                        (330,940)                       (446,419)
034     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000
   Cash flows from financing activities
   Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                              9,443,416           6,940,448
   Repayments of bank and other borrowings                             (9,967,936)         (7,419,466)
   Proceeds from loans from ultimate holding company                    3,929,510           2,330,394
   Repayments of loans from ultimate holding company                   (4,620,713)         (2,592,384)
   Proceeds from loans from immediate holding company                           –             100,000
   Repayments of loans from immediate holding company                           –            (100,000)
   Repayments of loans from fellow subsidiaries                           (57,532)             (15,301)
   Capital element of lease payments                                      (38,621)             (52,682)
   Capital injection from non-controlling interests                             –                6,605
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                             (6,186)             (33,375)
   Repayments of loans from non-controlling interests                    (945,366)           (444,696)
   Net cash flows used in financing activities                         (2,263,428)         (1,280,457)
   Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                             (955,683)         (3,342,448)
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
     of the interim period                                              5,786,000         11,053,858
   Exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents                        84,770             (78,200)
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of the interim period               4,915,087          7,633,210


 The above interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the
 accompanying notes.
                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   035



Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information


1   General information
    Shenzhen Investment Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in
    Hong Kong. The address of the Company’s registered office is located at 8th Floor, New East Ocean
    Centre, 9 Science Museum Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The Company is an investment holding
    company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally
    engaged in property development, property investment, property management and manufacture
    operation.

    In the opinion of the directors, the immediate holding company of the Company is Shum Yip
    Holdings Company Limited (“SYH”, 深業（集團）有限公司), which is a private company
    incorporated in Hong Kong. The ultimate holding company of the Company is 深業集團有限公
    司 (“Shum Yip Group”), which is a state-owned company established in Shenzhen, the People’s
    Republic of China (the “PRC”).

    The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

    The interim condensed consolidated financial information comprises the condensed consolidated
    statement of financial position as at 30 June 2025, the condensed consolidated statement of
    profit or loss, the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the condensed
    consolidated statement of changes in equity and the condensed consolidated statement of cash
    flows for the six-month period then ended, and selected explanatory notes (the “Interim Financial
    Information”).

    The Interim Financial Information is presented in Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”) and all values are
    rounded to the nearest thousand (HK$’000) except when otherwise indicated.

    This Interim Financial Information was approved for issue by the Board of directors of the Company
    on 28 August 2025 and has not been audited.
036   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 2     Basis of preparation
       2.1 The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June
                 2025 has been prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The
                 interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the information and
                 disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction
                 with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December
                 2024.


                 The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2024 that is included
                 in the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position as comparative
                 information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial
                 statements for that year but is derived from those financial statements. Further information
                 relating to those statutory financial statements required to be disclosed in accordance with
                 section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance is as follows:

                 The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024
                 to the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to,
                 the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The Company’s auditor has reported on the financial
                 statements for the year ended 31 December 2024. The auditor’s report was unqualified;
                 did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of
                 emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain a statement under section 406(2),
                 407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


                 (a) New and amended standards adopted by the Group
                           The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed
                           consolidated financial information are consistent with those applied in the
                           preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
                           ended 31 December 2024, except for the adoption of the following amended HKFRS
                           Accounting Standard for the first time for the current period’s financial information:

                           Amendments to HKAS 21                   Lack of Exchangeability
                                                              Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   037



              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




2   Basis of preparation (Continued)
    2.1 (Continued)
        (a) New and amended standards adopted by the Group (Continued)
            The nature and impact of the amended HKFRS Accounting Standard are described
            below:

            Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is
            exchangeable into another currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate
            at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require
            disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the
            impact of a currency not being exchangeable. As the currencies that the Group had
            transacted with and the functional currencies of group entities for translation into the
            Group’s presentation currency were exchangeable, the amendments did not have any
            impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.


        (b) Impact of standards issued but not yet applied by the Group
            The Group has not applied the following new and amended HKFRS Accounting
            Standards, that are expected to be relevant to the Group and have been issued but
            are not yet effective, in these interim financial statements. The Group intends to
            apply these new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they
            become effective.

                                                                                        Effective for the
                                                                                         annual periods
                                                                                               beginning
                                                                                              on or after
             HKFRS 18                    Presentation and Disclosure in                    1 January 2027
                                           Financial Statements
             HKFRS 19                    Subsidiaries without Public                       1 January 2027
                                           Accountability: Disclosures
             Amendments to               Amendments to the Classification                  1 January 2026
               HKFRS 9 and                 and Measurement of Financial
               HKFRS 7                     Instruments
             Amendments to               Contracts Referencing Nature-                     1 January 2026
               HKFRS 9 and                 dependent Electricity
               HKFRS 7
             Annual Improvements         Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7,                   1 January 2026
               to HKFRS Accounting         HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7
               Standards
               – Volume 11
             Amendments to               Sale or contribution of assets                  To be determined
               HKFRS 10 and                between an investor and its
               HKAS 28                     associate or joint venture
038   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 2     Basis of preparation (Continued)
       2.1 (Continued)
                 (b) Impact of standards issued but not yet applied by the Group
                           (Continued)
                           The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new or
                           amended standards and interpretations, certain of which are relevant to the Group’s
                           operations. According to the preliminary assessment made by the Group, no material
                           impact on the financial performance and position of the Group in the current or future
                           reporting period and on foreseeable future transactions is expected when they become
                           effective except HKFRS 18.

                           HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of
                           sections have been brought forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18
                           introduces new requirements for presentation within the statement of profit or loss,
                           including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income
                           and expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories:
                           operating, investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued operations and to
                           present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures about management-
                           defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements
                           on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in
                           both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements previously
                           included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting
                           Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial
                           Statements. As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely
                           applicable, amendments are made to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, HKAS 33
                           Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are
                           minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18
                           and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards are effective
                           for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application
                           permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the
                           new requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and
                           disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.
                                                                   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   039



                   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




2   Basis of preparation (Continued)
    2.2 Going concern basis
          Due to the volatility of the property market in the PRC and the unfavourable impact on the
          presale performance during the period and subsequent to the period end date, the directors
          of the Company have given careful consideration to the future liquidity and performance of
          the Group and its available sources of financing in assessing whether the Group will have
          sufficient financial resources to continue as a going concern for at least of 12 months from
          30 June 2025.

          The directors of the Company are of the opinion that, taking into account the anticipated
          cash flows generated from the Group’s operations as well as the possible changes in its
          operating performance, the Group’s plan of land acquisitions; and the continued availability of
          the Group’s bank and other borrowings as well as the Group’s ability to raise new financing
          under the prevailing rules and regulations, and the financial support from the ultimate holding
          company, the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial obligations as
          and when they fall due within the coming twelve months from 30 June 2025.

          Accordingly, these interim condensed consolidated financial information have been prepared
          on a going concern.


3   Accounting estimates
    The preparation of Interim Financial Information requires management to make judgements,
    estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported
    amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these
    estimates.


4   Financial risk management
    The Group’s major operations are mainly located in the PRC and is subject to special considerations
    and significant risks. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and
    legal environment, influence of national authorities over pricing regulation and competition in the
    market.
040   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 4     Financial risk management (Continued)
       The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (mainly including currency
       risk, interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Interim Financial Information
       does not include all financial risk management information and disclosures required in the annual
       financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s 2024 financial statements.

       There have been no significant changes in the risk management department, policies and
       procedures during the interim period.


       4.1 Financial risk factors
                 (a) Liquidity risk
                           The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping
                           based on the remaining period at the date of statement of financial position to the
                           contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
                           undiscounted cash flows and include interest.

                                                                                   As at 30 June 2025
                                                                       Between           Between
                                                           Less than       1 and            2 and            Over
                                                              1 year     2 years          3 years         3 years        Total
                                                            HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000
                              Interest-bearing bank and
                                  other borrowings        10,487,468   9,474,868        9,511,136       9,712,462   39,185,934
                              Lease liabilities               93,591     109,362           61,711         103,670      368,334
                              Trade and other payables    16,520,919           –                –               –   16,520,919
                              Due to the immediate
                                  holding company          4,664,014          –                 –              –     4,664,014
                              Due to the ultimate
                                  holding company         19,313,269          –                 –              –    19,313,269
                                                          51,079,261   9,584,230        9,572,847       9,816,132   80,052,470
                                                                    Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   041



               Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




4   Financial risk management (Continued)
    4.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
        (a) Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                               As at 31 December 2024
                                                         Between         Between
                                           Less than       1 and           2 and                 Over
                                              1 year      2 years         3 years             3 years              Total
                                            HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000
              Interest-bearing bank and
                  other borrowings        15,159,781    9,282,551      1,994,159         12,985,430          39,421,921
              Lease liabilities              102,157      104,974         89,216            136,308             432,655
              Trade and other payables    17,960,646            –              –                  –          17,960,646
              Due to the immediate
                  holding company          3,753,144     731,522                 –                   –        4,484,666
              Due to the ultimate
                  holding company         19,620,692           –                 –                   –       19,620,692
                                          56,596,420   10,119,047      2,083,375         13,121,738          81,920,580


            The Group had adequate financial resources to repay these debts when they become
            due and payable.
042   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 4     Financial risk management (Continued)
       4.2 Fair value estimation
                 (a) Fair value hierarchy
                           The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers into and transfers out of fair value
                           hierarchy levels as at the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the
                           transfer.

                           The Group did not measure any financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value on a
                           non-recurring basis as at 30 June 2025.

                           The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by
                           level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different
                           levels are defined as follows:

                           •         Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
                                     The quoted prices already incorporate the market’s assumptions with respect to
                                     changes in economic climate such as rising interest rates and inflation, as well
                                     as changes due to Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) risks (level 1).

                           •         Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for
                                     the assets or liabilities, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is,
                                     derived from prices) (level 2).

                           •         Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data
                                     (that is, unobservable inputs). This is the case for unlisted equity securities
                                     and for instruments where ESG risk gives rise to a significant unobservable
                                     adjustment (level 3).
                                                                     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025     043



                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




4   Financial risk management (Continued)
    4.2 Fair value estimation (Continued)
        (a) Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                                                      At 30 June 2025
                                                       Level 1       Level 2               Level 3                 Total
                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000               HK$’000               HK$’000
                Financial assets at fair value
                   through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)
                – Listed equity investments in
                     Hong Kong                            749               –                      –                     749
                – Listed equity investments in
                     Mainland China*                   44,390               –                      –               44,390
                – Unlisted equity investments in
                     Mainland China                         –               –               98,694                 98,694
                Financial assets at fair value
                   through other comprehensive
                   income (“FVOCI”)
                – Unlisted equity investments in
                     Mainland China                         –               –                2,353                  2,353
                                                       45,139               –             101,047                146,186

            *         Mainland China: the People’s Republic of China, for the purpose of this interim report,
                      excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
044   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 4     Financial risk management (Continued)
       4.2 Fair value estimation (Continued)
                 (a) Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                                                            At 31 December 2024
                                                                  Level 1    Level 2          Level 3            Total
                                                                 HK$’000    HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000
                              Financial assets at FVTPL
                              – Listed equity investments in
                                   Hong Kong                         894          –                 –             894
                              – Listed equity investments in
                                   Mainland China                 42,458          –                 –          42,458
                              – Unlisted equity investments in
                                   Mainland China                      –          –           97,191           97,191
                              Financial assets at FVOCI
                              – Unlisted equity investments in
                                   Mainland China                      –          –              2,317          2,317
                                                                  43,352          –           99,508          142,860


                 (b) Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
                           The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the interim period
                           ended 30 June 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                   30 June               31 December
                                                                                      2025                      2024
                                                                                   HK$’000                   HK$’000
                              At 1 January                                              99,508              101,683
                              Exchange differences                                       1,539               (2,175)
                              At 30 June                                               101,047                99,508


                           There were no transfers between the levels of the fair value hierarchy during the
                           interim period. There were also no changes made to any of the valuation techniques
                           applied as of 30 June 2025.
                                                                    Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   045



                   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




4   Financial risk management (Continued)
    4.3 Group’s valuation processes
          The Group’s finance department performs the valuations of financial assets required for
          financial reporting purpose, including Level 3 fair values. The financial department reports
          directly to the executive directors. Discussions of valuation results are held between the
          executive directors and the financial department at least once in every reporting period, in
          line with the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates.


5   Segment information
    The executive directors (chief operating decision-maker) assess the performance of the operating
    segments based on a measurement of operating profit. Information of segment assets and liabilities
    for the interim are not included in the reports reviewed by the executive directors. Other information
    provided to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the 2024
    financial statements.

    Revenues between segments are carried out on terms agreed upon by the respective parties.
    The revenue from external parties reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner
    consistent with that in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss.
046   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 5     Segment information (Continued)
       The segment information provided to executive directors for the reportable segments for the six
       months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                             Property     Property         Property
                                                          development   investment     management Manufacturing         Others         Total
                                                             HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000

          Revenue from contracts with customers
             Recognised at a point of time                  7,463,987            –            9,443        231,863    167,517      7,872,810
             Recognised over time                                  –             –        1,667,508              –    262,415      1,929,923

          Revenue from other sources
             Rental income                                         –      656,308                 –              –           –      656,308

          Total segment revenue                             7,463,987     656,308         1,676,951        231,863    429,932     10,459,041
          Inter-segment revenue                                    –        (9,042)         (83,174)             –     (16,830)     (109,046)

          Revenue from external customers                   7,463,987     647,266         1,593,777        231,863    413,102     10,349,995
          Segment results before decrease in fair
             value of investment properties                   459,737     389,436           151,805          7,966    (268,600)     740,344
          Losses resulted from changes in fair value
             of and transfer to investment properties              –       (99,669)               –              –           –       (99,669)

          Segment results after decrease in
             fair value of investment properties              459,737     289,767           151,805          7,966    (268,600)     640,675
          Share of results of joint ventures and
             associates (including impairment losses)                                                                             (1,923,573)
          Other income                                                                                                              108,875
          Other gains                                                                                                                  2,386
          Fair value gain of financial assets
             measured at fair value through
             profit or loss, net                                                                                                       1,118
          Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                   (48,667)
          Finance costs, net                                                                                                        (687,688)

          Loss before income tax                                                                                                  (1,906,874)
                                                                                          Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025      047



                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




5   Segment information (Continued)

                                                                              Six months ended 30 June 2024

                                                      Property     Property        Property
                                                   development   investment    management      Manufacturing             Others                Total
                                                      HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000

     Revenue from contracts with customers
        Recognised at a point of time               1,017,626            –           5,948          182,277            116,514         1,322,365
        Recognised over time                                –            –       1,547,350                 –           311,151         1,858,501

     Revenue from other sources
        Rental income                                       –     687,852                 –                –                  –          687,852

     Total segment revenue                          1,017,626     687,852        1,553,298          182,277            427,665         3,868,718
     Inter-segment revenue                                  –      (11,790)         (81,170)               –           (18,840)          (111,800)

     Revenue from external customers                1,017,626     676,062        1,472,128          182,277            408,825         3,756,918
     Segment results before decrease in fair
        value of investment properties                 25,217     263,581          134,317             6,396          (216,733)          212,778
     Losses resulted from changes in fair value
        of and transfer to investment properties            –      (27,265)               –                –                  –           (27,265)

     Segment results after decrease in
        fair value of investment properties            25,217     236,316          134,317             6,396          (216,733)          185,513
     Share of results of joint ventures and
        associates                                                                                                                       (550,434)
     Other income                                                                                                                        116,476
     Other gains                                                                                                                               198
     Fair value gain of financial assets
        measured at fair value through
        profit or loss, net                                                                                                                   7,764
     Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                             (64,219)
     Finance costs, net                                                                                                                  (641,149)

     Loss before income tax                                                                                                              (945,851)
048   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 5     Segment information (Continued)
       As the Group generates substantially all of its revenues from customers domiciled in the Mainland
       China and majority of its non-current assets are located in Mainland China, no geographical
       information is presented.


 6     Revenue
       Revenue, represents sale of completed properties, commercial and industrial goods, rental income,
       property management service income and others.

       Revenue from contracts with customers by major products and service lines is as follows:

                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000
          Revenue from contracts with customers
          Sales of properties                                           7,463,987           1,017,626
          Property management service income                            1,593,777           1,472,128
          Sales of industrial goods                                       231,863             182,277
          Others                                                          413,102             408,825
                                                                        9,702,729           3,080,856
          Revenue from other sources
          Rental income                                                   647,266             676,062
                                                                       10,349,995           3,756,918


       No single customer contributed 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the six months
       ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.
                                                         Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   049



                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




7   Expenses by nature

                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000
     Cost of properties and inventories sold                   6,602,696                        641,072
     Cost of services provided                                 1,974,032                      1,841,918
     Employee benefit expenses                                   393,049                        441,525
     Write-down of properties under development and
       completed properties held for sale                         186,422                         188,091
     Advertising and promotion costs                              110,678                          51,787
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                 37,925                          61,903
     Other taxes and levies                                        85,946                          86,906
     Others                                                       257,206                         280,764
     Total cost of sales and services, selling and
        distribution expenses, administrative expenses
        and other expenses                                     9,647,954                      3,593,966


8   Other income

                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000
     Government grant                                                  4,621                        21,238
     Interest income from joint ventures and
        a non-controlling interest                                   87,252                         82,140
     Compensation income                                              3,402                          5,846
     Dividend income from financial asset at FVTPL                        –                             70
     Others                                                          13,600                          7,182
                                                                  108,875                         116,476
050   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 9     Other gains

                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000
          Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment           2,386               198


 10 Finance costs – net

                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000
          Finance income:
          – Interest income from bank deposits                          (43,437)          (81,101)
          Finance costs:
          – Interest expenses of bank loans                            617,662            745,010
          – Interest expenses of other borrowings                      111,359            142,757
          – Lease liabilities                                            6,421             10,988
          – Loans from the ultimate holding company                    251,704            377,150
          – Loans from the immediate holding company                    82,958             96,972
          – Loans from fellow subsidiaries                              24,184             32,399
          – Loans from a joint venture                                   1,216              3,339
          – Loans from a related company                                 2,809              2,886
          – Loans from non-controlling interests                        37,880             79,971
                                                                     1,136,193          1,491,472
          Less: amounts capitalised on qualifying assets              (405,068)          (769,222)
                                                                       731,125            722,250
          Finance costs – net                                          687,688            641,149


       Finance costs have been capitalised on qualifying assets at average rate of 3.56% for the six
       months ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June 2024: 3.66%).
                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   051



                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




11 Income tax expenses

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000
    Current income tax
    – Mainland China CIT                                                   314,418                         110,938
    – LAT in Mainland China                                                337,430                         129,434
                                                                           651,848                         240,372
    Deferred income tax
    – Mainland China CIT                                                  (102,448)                         (40,895)
    – Withholding tax on dividend                                            2,799                              (711)
    – LAT in Mainland China                                                 48,260                            (2,755)
                                                                            (51,389)                        (44,361)
    Total                                                                  600,459                         196,011


   The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for the six months ended 30 June 2025 is calculated at
   16.5% (six months ended 30 June 2024: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable profits for the interim
   period. No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax was made as the Group has no assessable profits
   arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended
   30 June 2024: nil).

   No provision for taxation has been recognised for companies incorporated in the British Virgin
   Islands (“BVI”), as they are not subject to any tax for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (six
   months ended 30 June 2024: nil).

   Under the relevant income tax law, the Mainland China subsidiaries are subject to corporate income
   tax (“CIT”) at a statutory rate of 25% on their respective taxable income during the interim period.

   Land appreciation tax (“LAT”) is levied at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the
   appreciation of land value, being the proceeds from sale of properties less deductible expenditures
   including amortisation of land use rights, borrowing costs and all property development
   expenditures.
052   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 11 Income tax expenses (Continued)
       Dividend withholding income tax
       Pursuant to the Detailed Implementation Regulations for Implementation of the Corporate Income
       Tax Law, dividends distributed from the profits generated by the PRC companies after 1 January
       2008 to their foreign investors shall be subject to a withholding income tax of 10%. A lower 5%
       withholding tax rate may be applied when the immediate holding companies of the PRC subsidiaries
       are qualified as tax residents of Hong Kong according to the tax treat arrangements between the
       PRC and Hong Kong.

       During the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, deferred income tax liabilities had been
       recognised for the withholding tax that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain
       subsidiaries in the PRC, as these earnings are expected to be distributed by the PRC subsidiaries
       and would be remitted to their overseas holding companies in the foreseeable future. The aggregate
       amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in Mainland China for
       which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately HK$1,885 million at
       30 June 2025 (31 December 2024: HK$1,799 million).


 12 Losses per share
       Basic losses per share are calculated by dividing the loss attributable to the owners of the Company
       by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the interim period.

                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2025            2024
          Loss attributable to the owners of the
            Company (HK$’000)                                              (2,618,042)          (1,101,144)
          Weighted average number of ordinary
            shares in issue                                            8,898,793,115        8,898,793,115


       For the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, the effect of conversion of share option scheme
       (note 26) were anti-dilutive and the diluted losses per share for the interim period is therefore equal
       to the basic losses per share.
                                                               Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   053



                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




13 Dividends

                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000
     Dividends recognised as distribution during the period:
     Final dividend declared for 2024 – nil
        (six months ended 30 June 2024:
        declared for 2023 – HK7 cents per share) (a)
     Cash                                                                           –                   622,916
     Dividend declared in respect of current period:
     Interim dividend for 2025 – nil
        (interim dividend for 2024: nil) (b)                                        –                              –


   (a)   The Company declared a final dividend of HK7 cents per share in respect of year ended
         31 December 2023 amounted to approximately HK$622,916,000. The final dividend has
         been paid in cash on 4 July 2024.

   (b)   On 28 August 2025, the Board of directors has resolved not to declare the payment of any
         interim dividends for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June 2024:
         nil).
054   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties

                                                                  Property, plant         Investment
                                                                  and equipment            properties
                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000
          Six months ended 30 June 2025
          At 1 January 2025                                             6,663,197         32,916,540
          Addition                                                        171,443                  –
          Addition of investment properties under development                   –             15,312
          Transfer from completed properties held for sale                      –            201,700
          Transfer from investment properties                              22,955                  –
          Derecognition of right-of-use assets                             (9,569)                 –
          Fair value changes                                                    –            (99,669)
          Transfer to property, plant and equipment                             –            (22,955)
          Other decreases                                                  (6,908)                 –
          Depreciation                                                   (176,842)                 –
          Exchange differences                                            110,367            492,505
          At 30 June 2025                                               6,774,643         33,503,433


       The Group’s investment properties are located in Mainland China and are held under medium
       lease terms. The Group’s investment properties were revalued at 30 June 2025 based on valuation
       performed by Jones Lang LaSalle Corporate Appraisal and Advisory Limited (“JLL”), an independent,
       professionally qualified valuation firm.
                                                                       Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   055



                    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties
   (Continued)
   The Group’s investment properties are all at Level 3 valuation. The Group’s property managers and
   the general manager of financial management department have discussion with the surveyors on
   the valuation assumptions and valuation results when the valuation is performed at each reporting
   date.

   Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of
   investment properties:

                                                       Significant
                               Valuation technique     unobservable inputs                       Range
    Investment properties –    Income capitalisation   Vacancy rate                              3% – 25%
       commercial properties      method                                                           (31 December 2024:
       and others                                                                                  3% – 25%)
                                                       Capitalisation rate                       2% – 7%
                                                                                                   (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                   2% – 7%)
                                                       Monthly rental                            15 – 560
                                                         (RMB/square meter/month)                   (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                    15 – 560)
                               Residual method         Vacancy rate                              5% – 15%
                                                                                                    (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                    5% – 15%)
                                                       Capitalisation rate                       3% – 6%
                                                                                                    (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                    3% – 6%)
                                                       Monthly rental                            30 – 200
                                                         (RMB/square meter/month)                   (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                    30 – 200)
                                                       Estimated developer’s                     5% – 8%
                                                           profit margins                           (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                    5% – 8%)
056   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties
    (Continued)

                                                                           Significant
                                                   Valuation technique     unobservable inputs            Range
          Investment properties –                  Income capitalisation   Vacancy rate                   5% – 25%
             car parking space                        method                                                 (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                             5% – 25%)
                                                                           Capitalisation rate            3% – 4%
                                                                                                             (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                             3% – 4%)
                                                                           Monthly rental                 250 – 850
                                                                              (RMB per car parking           (31 December 2024:
                                                                              spaces per month)              250 – 850)
                                                   Residual method         Vacancy rate                   20% – 25%
                                                                                                             (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                             20% – 25%)
                                                                           Capitalisation rate            3% – 4%
                                                                                                             (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                             3% – 4%)
                                                                           Monthly rental                 250 – 300
                                                                             (RMB/square meter/month)        (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                             250 – 300)
                                                                           Estimated developer’s profit   5% – 8%
                                                                               margins                       (31 December 2024:
                                                                                                             5% – 8%)
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   057



                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties
   (Continued)
   The fair value of the Group’s investment properties in the Mainland China is determined using
   income capitalisation method and residual method.

   Fair value of completed investment properties for commercial, residential and carparks is generally
   derived using the income capitalisation method which determines fair values by discounting the
   projected cash flows associated with the properties using capitalisation rates. The valuation takes
   into account expected market rental growth and vacancy rate of the respective properties. The
   discount rates used have been adjusted for the quality and location of the buildings and the tenant
   credit quality. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to the expected market rental
   growth, and negatively correlated to the vacancy rate and the capitalisation rate.

   Fair value of commercial properties and carparks under development is generally derived using the
   residual method which takes into account the residual value of the gross development value (“GDV”)
   after deduction of the outstanding construction costs and expenses as well as profit element. It
   involves firstly the assessment of the aggregate GDV of the proposed development, as if completed,
   as at the valuation date. Estimated costs of the proposed development include construction costs,
   marketing expense, professional fee, finance charges and associated costs, plus an allowance for
   the developer’s risk and profit. The outstanding development costs are then deducted from the GDV
   and the resultant figure is the residual value of the subject property.

   Certificates of ownership in respect of certain investment properties of the Group with a net
   carrying amount of approximately HK$2,941,429,000 as at 30 June 2025 (31 December 2024:
   HK$2,950,172,000) have not yet been issued by the relevant PRC authorities. The Group is in the
   process of obtaining the relevant certificates.

   As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s plant, property and equipment and investment properties with a
   net carrying amount of HK$1,015,000 and HK$10,906,704,000 respectively (31 December 2024:
   HK$1,017,000 and HK$10,094,208,000) were pledged to secure bank loans granted to the Group
   (note 24(b)).
058   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 15 Leases
       (a) Amounts recognised in the condensed consolidated statement
                 of financial position
                 The condensed consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts
                 relating to leases:

                                                                             30 June         31 December
                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000
                    Right-of-use assets
                    Buildings                                                 246,454            270,119
                    Lease liabilities
                    Current                                                    85,863             93,909
                    Non-current                                               243,449            252,259
                                                                              329,312            346,168


                 Additions to the right-of-use assets during the interim period were HK$26,022,000 (six
                 months ended 30 June 2024: HK$62,980,000).


       (b) Amounts recognised in the condensed consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss
                 Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets during the interim period was HK$44,301,000 (six
                 months ended 30 June 2024: HK$54,325,000). Expenses relating to short-term leases and
                 low-value assets was HK$23,991,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: HK$12,727,000)
                 and HK$939,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: HK$1,352,000) respectively.

                 The total cash outflow for leases during the interim period was HK$71,877,000 (six months
                 ended 30 June 2024: HK$52,682,000).
                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   059



                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




16 Investments in joint ventures

                                                                         30 June                        30 June
                                                                            2025                           2024
                                                                         HK$’000                        HK$’000
    Opening balances                                                  7,942,496                      8,735,858
    Additions                                                           127,171                          34,481
    Share of results                                                   (119,939)                      (279,296)
    Exchange differences                                                112,734                         (57,423)
    Closing balances                                                  8,062,462                      8,433,620


   As at 30 June 2025, the Group had an outstanding capital commitment to Shum King Company
   Limited (“Shum King”) (note 27).


17 Investments in associates

                                                                         30 June                        30 June
                                                                            2025                           2024
                                                                         HK$’000                        HK$’000
    Opening balances                                                  2,263,641                      4,545,599
    Share of results (including impairment losses)                   (1,803,634)                      (271,138)
    Share of other comprehensive income                                   1,238                       (117,511)
    Additions                                                             4,342                               –
    Exchange differences                                                  4,536                          (2,204)
    Closing balances                                                     470,123                     4,154,746


   Road King Infrastructure Limited (“Road King”) announced on 14 August 2025 its decision to
   suspend the payment of all principal and interest falling due on all of Road King’s offshore bank
   debt, notes and perpetual capital securities. The management of Road King confirmed to the
   Company that subsequent to the end of the reporting period, Road King suspended the payment
   of aggregate interest on two senior notes and offshore bank borrowings, which has become due
   and payable. The suspended payment may lead to certain creditors of Road King demanding
   acceleration of payment of Road King’s offshore bank borrowings and senior notes and/or taking
   action pursuant to the respective terms of the relevant financing arrangements.
060   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 17 Investments in associates (Continued)
       Due to the debt defaults of Road King, the Group performed an impairment test on the investment
       in Road King and recognised the share of results and impairment losses in total amounted to
       HK$1,806,288,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The recoverable amount of the
       investment has been determined based on fair value less cost of disposal, by reference to the
       market capitalization of Road King as at 30 June 2025.


 18 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                        30 June        31 December
                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000
          Non-current:
          Financial assets measured at FVTPL
          – Listed equity investments in Mainland China                   44,390             42,458
          – Unlisted equity investments in Mainland China                 98,694             97,191
                                                                        143,084            139,649
          Current:
          Financial assets measured at FVTPL
          – Listed equity investments in Hong Kong                           749                894


 19 Trade and other receivables

                                                                        30 June        31 December
                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000
          Included in non-current assets
          – Other receivables – net                                     684,787            661,023
          Included in current assets
          – Trade receivables – net (a)                               1,242,750           1,448,618
          – Other receivables – net (b)                              10,389,790           9,291,542
          – Prepayments (c)                                             821,295             144,033
                                                                     12,453,835         10,884,193
                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   061



                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




19 Trade and other receivables (Continued)
   (a)   Details of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                         30 June                 31 December
                                                                            2025                        2024
                                                                         HK$’000                     HK$’000
          Trade receivables                                           1,454,267                      1,619,472
          Less: provision for loss allowance                           (211,517)                      (170,854)
          Trade receivables – net                                     1,242,750                      1,448,618


         The Group normally does not grant any credit terms to its customers for the sale of
         properties. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. In
         view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large
         number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The
         Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivables
         balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

         As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s trade receivables with a net carrying value of approximately
         HK$62,959,000 (31 December 2024: HK$41,481,000) was pledged to secure other
         borrowings granted to the Group (note 24(b)).

         An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on
         the contract date, is as follows:

                                                                         30 June                 31 December
                                                                            2025                        2024
                                                                         HK$’000                     HK$’000
          Within 1 year                                                  772,599                     1,006,851
          1 to 2 years                                                   305,454                       455,255
          2 to 3 years                                                   284,353                        33,096
          Over 3 years                                                    91,861                       124,270
                                                                      1,454,267                      1,619,472
062   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 19 Trade and other receivables (Continued)
       (b)       Details of other receivables are as follows:

                                                                                    30 June         31 December
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000
                       Prepaid tax                                                5,155,692            4,310,233
                       Dividend receivable from joint ventures
                          and associates                                            719,093              708,142
                       Due from an associate                                         44,297               43,043
                       Due from joint ventures                                    2,109,040            1,972,244
                       Due from non-controlling interests                           526,231              512,686
                       Due from fellow subsidiaries                                   3,314               24,312
                       Due from the ultimate holding company                         32,639               32,141
                       Due from the immediate holding company                         1,161                1,143
                       Others (i)                                                 2,175,866            2,014,814
                                                                                 10,767,333            9,618,758
                       Less: allowance for impairment                              (377,543)            (327,216)
                       Other receivables – net                                   10,389,790            9,291,542

                 (i)       Others mainly included deposits, dividends receivable and current amounts due from fellow
                           subsidiaries of the Group.


       (c)       Details of prepayments are as follows:

                                                                                    30 June         31 December
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000
                       For acquisitions of land                                     626,818               15,368
                       For construction costs and construction materials             77,699               69,117
                       Others                                                       116,778               59,548
                                                                                    821,295              144,033
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   063



                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




20 Properties under development

                                                                          30 June                 31 December
                                                                             2025                        2024
                                                                          HK$’000                     HK$’000
    Construction costs                                               14,635,925                     13,828,732
    Land costs                                                       43,707,994                     47,008,630
    Less: write-down                                                   (194,434)                      (280,724)
                                                                     58,149,485                     60,556,638


   As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s properties under development with a net carrying amount of
   HK$2,005,334,000 (31 December 2024: HK$2,956,035,000) were pledged to secure bank loans
   granted to the Group (note 24(b)).


21 Completed properties held for sale

                                                                          30 June                 31 December
                                                                             2025                        2024
                                                                          HK$’000                     HK$’000
    Completed properties held for sale                               33,095,511                     33,111,785
    Less: write-down                                                   (558,603)                      (377,333)
                                                                     32,536,908                     32,734,452


   During the interim period, the write-down of completed properties held for sale located in Mainland
   China of HK$186,422,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: HK$73,279,000) was recognised in
   the Group’s condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss.

   As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s completed properties held for sale with a net carrying amount of
   HK$2,175,538,000 (31 December 2024: HK$2,562,557,000) were pledged to secure bank loans
   granted to the Group (note 24(b)).
064   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 22 Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                               30 June         31 December
                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000
          Cash and bank balances                                            10,352,345           11,799,544
          Less: restricted cash (a)                                          (5,408,946)         (5,983,560)
                bank deposits (b)                                               (28,312)             (29,984)
          Cash and cash equivalents                                           4,915,087           5,786,000


       As at 30 June 2025, cash and cash equivalents did not include housing maintenance funds of
       HK$53,117,000 (31 December 2024: HK$57,043,000) which were owned by the property owners
       but were deposited in the bank accounts in the name of the Group. Such deposits can be used by
       the Group for the purpose of public maintenance expenditures to be incurred at the sole discretion
       and approval of the relevant government authorities.

       (a)       Restricted cash mainly represented unreleased guarantee deposits for construction of
                 pre-sale properties denominated in RMB placed in designated bank accounts as at 30 June
                 2025, and will be released in accordance with certain construction progress milestones.

       (b)       These bank deposits were with original maturity over three months. The effective interest rate
                 of these deposits as at 30 June 2025 was 1.26% per annum (31 December 2024: 1.41%
                 per annum).
                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   065



                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




23 Share capital and reserves
   (a) Share capital

                                                                           30 June                 31 December
                                                                              2025                        2024
                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000
           Issued and fully paid:
           8,898,793,115 (31 December 2024:
              8,898,793,115) ordinary shares                          22,071,756                     22,071,756


   (b) Reserves
         The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current period are
         set out in the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity.


24 Bank and other borrowings

                                                                           30 June                 31 December
                                                                              2025                        2024
                                                                           HK$’000                     HK$’000
    Non-current
    Bank loans – secured (a)                                             284,662                        587,649
    Bank loans – unsecured                                            19,707,996                     18,421,395
    Other borrowings – secured CMBS (a)                                7,167,294                      3,795,437
                                                                      27,159,952                     22,804,481
    Current
    Bank loans – secured (a)                                              579,990                       467,314
    Bank loans – unsecured                                              9,291,892                    10,606,523
    Other borrowings – secured CMBS (a)                                   156,704                     3,486,731
                                                                      10,028,586                     14,560,568
                                                                      37,188,538                     37,365,049


   All of the non-current interest-bearing borrowings are carried at amortised cost.
066   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 24 Bank and other borrowings (Continued)
       (a)       At 30 June 2025, loans amounting to approximately HK$8,188,650,000 (31 December
                 2024: HK$8,337,131,000) were secured by certain of the Group’s assets with carrying
                 amounts as below:

                                                                           Carrying Amount
                                                                          30 June     31 December
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000
                    Plant, property and equipment
                       (included land and buildings) (note 14)              1,015              1,017
                    Properties under development (note 20)              2,005,334          2,956,035
                    Completed properties held for sale (note 21)        2,175,538          2,562,557
                    Trade receivables (note 19)                            62,959             41,481
                    Investment properties (note 14)                    10,906,704         10,094,208
                                                                       15,151,550         15,655,298


       (b)       At 30 June 2025, bank borrowings of approximately HK$25,141,096,000 (31 December
                 2024: HK$23,797,915,000) were bearing floating rates.

       (c)       Except for the bank borrowings equivalent to approximately HK$14,140,112,000
                 (31 December 2024: HK$14,077,300,000), which are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, all
                 other borrowings as at 30 June 2025 are denominated in RMB.

       (d)       For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the average effective interest rate of the bank
                 and other borrowings was 3.58% per annum (six months ended 30 June 2024: 3.98% per
                 annum).
                                                               Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   067



                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




25 Trade and other payables

                                                                        30 June                 31 December
                                                                           2025                        2024
                                                                        HK$’000                     HK$’000
    Trade payables (a)                                              5,182,559                      5,803,323
    Other payables and accruals (b)                                11,947,226                     12,655,152
    Other taxes payables                                              178,290                        361,191
                                                                   17,308,075                     18,819,666


   (a) Trade payables
        The ageing analysis of the trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                        30 June                 31 December
                                                                           2025                        2024
                                                                        HK$’000                     HK$’000
          Within 1 year                                              4,263,532                      5,224,385
          1 to 2 years                                                 595,671                        171,538
          2 to 3 years                                                 131,646                        177,447
          Over 3 years                                                 191,710                        229,953
                                                                     5,182,559                      5,803,323
068   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 25 Trade and other payables (Continued)
       (b) Other payables and accruals
                 Other payables and accruals mainly included deposits from property buyers and current
                 accounts due to joint ventures, fellow subsidiaries and non-controlling interests of the Group.

                                                                                30 June         31 December
                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000
                    Accruals and other payables                               5,254,745            4,915,153
                    Output VAT to be transferred                              2,647,861            2,427,725
                    Employee benefits payable                                   730,606              803,271
                    Dividend payables to non-controlling shareholders           153,819               88,435
                    Due to a joint venture                                      132,820               12,601
                    Due to fellow subsidiaries                                1,884,726            1,906,341
                    Due to an other related company                                   –              167,558
                    Due to non-controlling interests                          1,142,649            2,334,068
                                                                             11,947,226          12,655,152


 26 Share option scheme
       The Company operated a share option scheme (the “Scheme”) which was approved and adopted on
       22 June 2012 for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to directors and employees of
       the Group who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. The Scheme became effective
       on 22 June 2012 and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended, shall be valid and effective for a
       period of 10 years from that date, after which period no further options will be issued but in all
       other respects the provisions of the Scheme shall remain in full force and effect.

       The Company adopted a new share option scheme on 31 May 2022 (“Share Option Scheme”). No
       options have been granted under the Share Option Scheme since its adoption. 882,249,311 and
       887,409,311 options are available for grant at the beginning and end of the period respectively
       under the Share Option Scheme.
                                                                   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025      069



                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




26 Share option scheme (Continued)
   (a) Share options outstanding at the end of the reporting period
       The terms and conditions of the share options outstanding as at the end of the reporting
       period are as follows:

                                                                                                            Remaining
                                                                                                           Contractual
                                            Number of   Exercise         Vesting              Expiry            life of
                                          instruments      price            date                date           options
                                                            HK$
        At 30 June 2025
        Options granted to employees:
        – on 28 September 2021                     –       2.00     2022-1-18           2025-1-17                        –
        – on 28 September 2021                     –       2.00     2023-1-18           2025-1-17                        –
        – on 28 September 2021                     –       2.00     2024-1-18           2025-1-17                        –

        Options granted to employees:
        – on 28 September 2021               988,000       2.00     2022-9-28           2025-9-27                      0.24
        – on 28 September 2021               741,000       2.00     2023-9-28           2025-9-27                      0.24
        – on 28 September 2021               741,000       2.00     2024-9-28           2025-9-27                      0.24
        Total outstanding share options    2,470,000


       At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 2,470,000 share options outstanding
       under the Scheme, representing approximately 0.03% of the Company’s shares in issue as at
       that date.

       The exercise in full of the outstanding share options would, under the present capital
       structure of the Company, result in the issue of 2,470,000 additional ordinary shares of the
       Company and an increase in share capital and reserve of HK$5,405,000.

       The Group did not recognised any share option expense during the six months ended
       30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June 2024: HK$27,000).
070   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 27 Commitments
       Capital commitments outstanding at 30 June 2025 not provided for in the interim financial report
       were as follows:

                                                                         30 June        31 December
                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000
          Commitments in respect of the acquisition of
            land and buildings, and development costs
            attributable to properties under development:
            Contracted, but not provided for                           7,443,206          7,144,700


       The Group agreed a maximum capital contribution to a related party, Shum King, of
       HK$3,000,000,000 for its development of a piece of land in Hong Kong. As at 30 June 2025, the
       Group had an outstanding capital commitment to Shum King of HK$1,450,000,000 (31 December
       2024: HK$1,542,500,000).


 28 Financial guarantees

                                                                         30 June        31 December
                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000
          Financial guarantees
          – to the mortgage of purchasers of the Group’s
               properties (a)                                         13,611,249         13,070,659
          – to related parties of the Group (b)                          869,878          1,445,322
          – to the parties affected by the urban renewal project,
               using their demolished properties as collateral
               for the loan (c)                                          325,164            323,381
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   071



                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




28 Financial guarantees (Continued)
   (a)   Pursuant to the terms of the guarantees, if there is default of the mortgage payments by
         these purchasers, the Group is responsible for repaying the outstanding mortgage loans
         together with any accrued interest and penalty owed by the defaulted purchasers to banks.
         The Group is then entitled to take over the legal title of the related properties. The Group’s
         guarantee period commences from the date of grant of the relevant mortgage loan and
         ends after the buyer of the Group’s properties obtained the individual property ownership
         certificate.

         The directors consider that in case of default in payments, the net realizable value of the
         related properties can cover the repayment of the outstanding mortgage loans together with
         any accrued interest and penalty and therefore no provision has been made in connection
         with the guarantees.

   (b)   As at 30 June 2025, the Group has given guarantees amounted to HK$869,878,000
         (31 December 2024: HK$1,445,322,000) in respect of bank loans and other borrowings
         to Guangzhou Pik Zeon Real Estate Development Company Limited, Taizhou Shum Yip
         Investment Development Limited and Shum King, all of which are joint ventures of the Group.

   (c)   During the interim period, the Group provided loan guarantees to the parties affected by the
         urban renewal project, using their demolished properties as collateral for the loan.

         Pursuant to the terms of the guarantees, if there is default on repayment by these affected
         parties, the Group is responsible for repaying the outstanding bank loans with any accrued
         interest and penalties owed to the bank. The Group is then entitled to take over the legal
         ownership of the repossessed properties. The Group’s guarantee period extends from
         the date of signing the guarantee contract until the affected parties obtain the ownership
         certificate of the repossessed properties.

         The directors consider that in case of default in payment, the net realizable value of the
         related properties is sufficient to repay the outstanding loans along with any accrued
         interest and penalties, and therefore no provisions have been made in connection with the
         guarantees.
072   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 29 Related party transactions
       In addition to the financial guarantees provided to joint ventures disclosed in note 28(b) and the
       capital commitments provided to a joint venture disclosed in note 27, the Group had the following
       significant related party transactions:


       (a) Financing arrangements
                 (i)       The Group entered certain financing arrangements with its related parties, as follows:

                                                                                   30 June        31 December
                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000
                              Loans from the ultimate holding company           18,064,830          18,349,939
                              Loans from the immediate holding company           3,803,194           3,647,383
                              Loans from non-controlling interests               1,142,649           2,319,309
                              Loans from fellow subsidiaries                     1,884,726           1,889,199
                              Loans from a joint venture                           132,820                   –
                              Loans from a related company                               –             167,558
                                                                                25,028,219          26,373,388


                           The balances are interest bearing at interest rates ranging from 2.30% to 6.65% per
                           annum (31 December 2024: 2.30% to 6.65% per annum). The relevant finance costs
                           for the interim period are disclosed in note 10.
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   073



                Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




29 Related party transactions (Continued)
   (a) Financing arrangements (Continued)
       (ii)   The Group had provided loans to its related parties, as follows:

                                                                          30 June                 31 December
                                                                             2025                        2024
                                                                          HK$’000                     HK$’000
               Loans to an associate                                      25,917                         24,942
               Loans to joint ventures                                 2,046,036                      1,951,104
               Loans to non-controlling interests                        520,621                        507,210
                                                                       2,592,574                      2,483,256


                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000
               Interest income from an associate                                583                            599
               Interest income from joint ventures                           66,615                         76,412
               Interest income from non-controlling
                  interests                                                    5,198                          5,728
                                                                             72,396                         82,739


              The balances are interest bearing at rates ranging from 3.5% to 8.0% per annum (six
              months ended 30 June 2024: from 3.5% to 8.0% per annum).
074   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 29 Related party transactions (Continued)
       (b) Leasing arrangements
                 (i)       The Group entered into leases in respect of certain leasehold properties from its
                           related parties, with lease terms ranging from 1 year to 3 years. During the six months
                           ended 30 June 2025, the amounts of rent payable by the Group under these leases
                           to its ultimate holding company, immediate holding company and associate were
                           HK$3,738,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: HK$3,790,000), HK$2,734,000 (six
                           months ended 30 June 2024: HK$2,667,000) and HK$5,197,000 (six months ended
                           30 June 2024: HK$12,624,000) respectively. The related interest expenses from its
                           ultimate holding company and associate for the six months ended 30 June 2025 were
                           HK$170,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: HK$172,000) and HK$586,000 (six
                           months ended 30 June 2024: HK$325,000) respectively.

                 (ii)      The Group also entered into lease arrangements with its ultimate holding company
                           as a lessor. For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the rental income in respect
                           of the lease arrangement was HK$4,899,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024:
                           HK$3,543,000).

                 (iii)     The prices for the above transactions were determined based on mutual agreement
                           between the parties.
                                                                   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   075



                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




29 Related party transactions (Continued)
   (c) Other related party transactions
       (i)     The Group entered into arrangements with its ultimate holding company and fellow
               subsidiaries in which the Group provides management services (training and property
               management). For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the management fee income
               in respect of the management services provided to the ultimate holding company and
               fellow subsidiaries were HK$897,000 and HK$19,882,000 respectively (six months
               ended 30 June 2024: HK$2,014,000 and HK$16,033,000).

       (ii)    The Group entered into the development and construction services agreement with
               the parent of its non-controlling interest. The parent of its non-controlling interest will
               provide development, construction, marketing and other services to the Group. The
               service fee shall be determined and accrued and payable by the Group to the parent
               of its non-controlling interest. For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the cost in
               respect of these services was HK$110,591,000, included value-added tax (six months
               ended 30 June 2024: HK$69,970,000). This transaction constitutes the continuing
               connected transactions under Hong Kong Listing Rules.

       (iii)   The Group entered into the digital platform development agreements and the digital
               platform repair and maintenance services agreements with its ultimate holding
               company and fellow subsidiaries for the provision of services of development and
               maintenance of digital platforms and systems. For the six months ended 30 June
               2025, the service fee income in respect of the development and maintenance
               services provided to the ultimate holding company and fellow subsidiaries were
               HK$110,000 and HK$1,138,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: HK$141,000 and
               HK$1,060,000).
076   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 29 Related party transactions (Continued)
       (c) Other related party transactions (Continued)
                 (iv)      The Group also entered into arrangements with its fellow subsidiaries which provide
                           hotel management services to the Group. For the year ended 30 June 2025, the
                           management fee in respect of these event management services was HK$3,551,000
                           (six months ended 30 June 2024: nil).

                 (v)       During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group provided development and
                           construction services to the subsidiaries of its joint venture, Tian An Cyber Park (Group)
                           Co., Ltd, the relevant revenue earned is HK$9,800,000 (six months ended 30 June
                           2024: HK$12,671,000).

                 (vi)      The prices for the above-mentioned transactions with related parties were determined
                           based on mutual agreement between the parties.


       (d) Outstanding balances with related parties:

                                                                                     30 June         31 December
                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000
                    Due from associates                                               18,380               18,101
                    Due from joint ventures                                           63,004               21,140
                    Due from non-controlling interests                                 5,610                5,476
                    Due from fellow subsidiaries                                       3,314               24,312
                    Due from the ultimate holding company                             32,639               32,141
                    Due from the immediate holding company                             1,161                1,143
                                                                                     124,108              102,313
                                                             Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   077



               Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




29 Related party transactions (Continued)
   (d) Outstanding balances with related parties: (Continued)

                                                                      30 June                 31 December
                                                                         2025                        2024
                                                                      HK$’000                     HK$’000
        Due to the ultimate holding company                           313,598                         302,737
        Due to the immediate holding company                          702,559                         688,643
        Due to a joint venture                                              –                          12,601
        Due to fellow subsidiaries                                          –                          17,142
        Due to non-controlling interests                                    –                          14,759
                                                                   1,016,157                      1,035,882


       These balance are unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of repayment.


   (e) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000
        Short term employee benefits                                       5,011                          5,873
        Post-employment benefits                                             681                          1,249
        Share-based payments                                                   –                             27
        Total compensation paid to
           key management personnel                                        5,692                          7,149
078   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




 30 Contingencies
       On 29 November 2024, Chengdu Fengze Investment Co., Ltd and Shum Yip Terra (Holdings)
       Company Limited (collectively, “Subsidiaries”), both being non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
       Group, received a statement of claim from the Intermediate People Court of Chengdu City regarding
       the claims by Sichuan Haofu Industrial Co., Ltd. against the Subsidiaries and four individuals (all of
       the individuals are not directors or senior management of the Company) regarding the disputes in
       earnings distribution over the investment of “198” Congshu Area in Chenghua district, Chengdu, the
       People’s Republic of China, with a claim amount of approximately RMB220 million. The first trial of
       the case commenced on 24 December 2024 and is now in progress. Chengdu Fengze Investment
       Co., Ltd and Shum Yip Terra (Holdings) Company Limited have engaged external legal advisers to
       handle the litigation, and will rigorously defend the litigation to protect the legitimate interest of the
       Group. Based on the current assessment and the legal opinions, management considers that the
       litigation has no material adverse financial impact on the operations of the Group.


 31 Subsequent events after the reporting period
       There have been no material subsequent events.
                                                                         Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   079



                                                                    Disclosure of Interests


Directors’ Interests in Shares
As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the directors and chief executives of the
Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and any associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which were
notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant
to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which were taken or
deemed to have under such provisions of SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be
kept under Section 352 of the SFO or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
“Model Code”) adopted by the Company were as follows:–


Long positions in the shares (“Shares”) and underlying shares of the
Company:

                                                                                                    Percentage of
 Name of director                 Capacity                    Number of Shares                     Shares in issue
                                                                                                             (Note)
 LI Wai Keung                     Beneficial owner                     1,180,880                                      0.01

Note:   The percentage was calculated based on 8,898,793,115 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2025.
080   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Disclosure of Interests




 Save as disclosed above, none of the directors and chief executive of the Company had, as at 30 June
 2025, any interests or short positions in any Shares and underlying shares or debentures of the Company
 or any of its associated corporations (which is the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to
 be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
 (including interests or short positions which were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of SFO),
 or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO,
 or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
 Code.

 Save as disclosed above, at no time during the period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a
 party to any arrangement to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the
 acquisition of Shares in, or debt securities (including debentures) of, the Company or its associated
 corporations and none of the directors, or their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any rights to
 subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or its associated corporations, or had exercised any
 such rights.


 Interests of Substantial Shareholders
 So far as is known to any director or chief executive of the Company, as at 30 June 2025, the interests
 and short positions of the shareholders (other than directors or chief executives of the Company) who had
 interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be
 disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were
 recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, were as
 follows:
                                                                                        Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   081



                                                                                                     Disclosure of Interests




                                                                           Number of Shares                             Percentage of
     Name                                   Capacity                 Long Position Short Position                      Shares in issue
                                                                                                                               (Note 1)
     Shum Yip Group Limited*                Interest in controlled   5,622,994,189                             –                      63.19
       (“SYG”)                                  corporation                (Note 2)

     Shum Yip Holdings Company              Beneficial owner         5,546,307,730                             –                      62.33
       Limited (“SYH”)
                                            Interest in controlled        76,686,459                           –                        0.86
                                                corporation                  (Note 3)

     ALPHA-OMEGA CORPORATION                Beneficial owner             981,486,312                           –                      11.03

Notes:

1.          The percentage was calculated based on 8,898,793,115 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2025.

2.          SYG is deemed to be interested in the 5,622,994,189 Shares which SYH is interested in by virtue of SYH being
            its direct 90%-owned subsidiary.

3.          These 76,686,459 Shares were held by Goldclass Industrial Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Successful
            Years Holdings Limited, which in turn is wholly-owned by Shum Yip Finance Company Limited (“SYF”). SYF is a
            wholly-owned subsidiary of SYH and accordingly, SYH is deemed to be interested in these 76,686,459 Shares.

*           The English translation is for identification purpose only


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, the Company had not been notified by any person (other
than directors and chief executives of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares
and underlying shares of the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
which were recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.
082        Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Other Information


 Share Option Scheme
 The Company adopted a share option scheme on 22 June 2012 (“Old Share Option Scheme”), which had
 expired on 19 June 2022. No further options may be granted under the Old Share Option Scheme but all
 options granted and outstanding thereunder shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with
 their terms of grant. As at 30 June 2025, 2,470,000 options granted under the Old Share Option Scheme
 were still outstanding.

 The Company adopted a new share option scheme on 31 May 2022 (“Share Option Scheme”). No options
 have been granted under the Share Option Scheme since its adoption. 882,249,311 and 887,409,311
 options are available for grant at the beginning and end of the period respectively under the Share Option
 Scheme.

 The total number of shares which may be issued in respect of all options granted under the Share Option
 Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company, namely the Old Share Option Scheme, is
 889,879,311.

 The particulars of, and movements in, the outstanding share options granted under the Old Share Option
 Scheme during the period are set out below:

                                    As at 1 January 2025                           Movements during the period                             As at 30 June 2025

                                              Exercise                                                                                              Exercise
  Name/              Outstanding              period/                     Share          Share         Share        Share Outstanding               period/
  Categories              Share Date of       Vesting         Exercise   Options        Options      Options      Options       Share Date of       Vesting         Exercise
  of grantee             Options grant        period             Price   granted      exercised       lapsed     cancelled    Options grant         period             Price
                                                                  HK$                                                                                                   HK$

  Employee             5,160,000 28/9/2021    18/1/2022 –         2.00        –              –     5,160,000            –           0 28/9/2021     18/1/2022 –         2.00
      participants                              17/1/2025*                                                                                            17/1/2025*
                       2,470,000 28/9/2021    28/9/2022 –         2.00        –              –             –            –    2,470,000 28/9/2021    28/9/2022 –         2.00
                                                27/9/2025**                                                                                           27/9/2025**

  Total                7,630,000                                              –              –     5,160,000            –    2,470,000
                                                                            Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   083



                                                                                                  Other Information




*     Options are exercisable subject to performance review and the following vesting term:

        Maximum percentage (and the
        corresponding number) of Share
        Option exercisable (including Share             Exercise period of the relevant percentage of the
        Options previous exercised)                     Share Option
        40% (2,064,000 Share Options)                   at any time from 18 January 2022 to 17 January 2023
        70% (3,612,000 Share Options)                   at any time from 18 January 2023 to 17 January 2024
        100% (5,160,000 Share Options)                  at any time from 18 January 2024 to 17 January 2025

**    Options are exercisable subject to performance review and the following vesting term:

        Maximum percentage (and the
        corresponding number) of Share
        Option exercisable (including Share             Exercise period of the relevant percentage of the
        Options previous exercised)                     Share Option
        40% (988,000 Share Options)                     at any time from 28 September 2022 to 27 September 2023
        70% (1,729,000 Share Options)                   at any time from 28 September 2023 to 27 September 2024
        100% (2,470,000 Share Options)                  at any time from 28 September 2024 to 27 September 2025


Interim Dividend
The Board has resolved not to declare an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025.
084   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Other Information




 Corporate Governance
 During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company has applied the principles and complied with all
 code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules
 Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”),
 except for the deviation of code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as expressly stated below.

 Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be
 separate and should not be performed by the same individual. During the six months ended 30 June
 2025, Mr. WANG Yuwen (“Mr. WANG”) continued to act as the President of the Company after he assumed
 the role of the Chairman of the Board on 29 April 2025, which deviates from the above code provision
 C.2.1. However, such arrangement is temporary in nature and the Company is in the process of identifying
 a suitable candidate with appropriate experience as its President. The Board considers that Mr. WANG
 has extensive experience and knowledge in management and is familiar with the business operations
 of the Company. Having Mr. WANG as the Chairman of the Board and President before a new President
 takes office can ensure the stability of the Company’s operations and facilitate the execution of the
 Company’s business strategies. Under the supervision of other existing members of the Board, the Board
 is appropriately structured with balance of power to provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of
 the Company and its shareholders.


 Compliance with Model Code
 The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of
 conduct regarding securities transactions by the directors. On specific enquiries made, all directors of the
 Company have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code
 throughout the period from 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025.


 Purchase, Sale or Redemption of The Company’s Securities
 Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
 listed securities during the period.


 Continuing Disclosure Requirements under the Listing Rules
 In compliance with continuing disclosure obligations under the Listing Rules, the following information is
 disclosed:

 1.    Pursuant to Rule 13.21 of the Listing Rules
       Banking facilities with covenants in relation to specific performance of the controlling shareholder:
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025   085



                                                                                       Other Information




On 26 June 2019, the Company as borrower accepted the facility letter (“1st Facility Agreement”)
relating to a revolving loan facility of up to RMB1,000,000,000 (“1st Facility”) offered by a bank as
lender. The 1st Facility is subject to annual review by the lender.

On 14 June 2022, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (“2nd Facility
Agreement”) with certain banks as lenders relating to a term loan facility of HK$5,000,000,000
(“2nd Facility”) for a term of up to 3 years.

On 11 May 2023, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“3rd Facility Agreement”)
relating to a revolving loan facility of up to HK$500,000,000 (or its equivalent amount in RMB) (“3rd
Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The term of the 3rd Facility is 3 years.

On 12 May 2023, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“4th Facility Agreement”)
relating to a term loan facility of HK$1,000,000,000 (“4th Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The
term of the 4th Facility is 3 years.

On 16 May 2023, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (“5th Facility
Agreement”) with certain banks as lenders relating to a term loan facility of HK$3,500,000,000
(“5th Facility”). The term of the 5th Facility is 3 years.

On 5 February 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“6th Facility Agreement”)
relating to a term loan facility of HK$1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in US$) (“6th Facility”) offered
by a bank as lender. The term of the 6th Facility is 3 years.

On 6 February 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“7th Facility Agreement”)
relating to a term loan facility of HK$300,000,000 (or its equivalent in RMB) (“7th Facility”) offered
by a bank as lender. The term of the 7th Facility is 3 years.

On 24 April 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“8th Facility Agreement”)
relating to a term loan facility of US$100,000,000 (or its equivalent in HK$) (the “8th Facility”)
offered by a bank as lender. The term of the 8th Facility is 3 years.

On 3 July 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“9th Facility Agreement”)
relating to a revolving loan facility of HK$1,000,000,000 (“9th Facility”) offered by a bank as lender.
The term of the 9th Facility is 3 years.

On 16 September 2024, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (“10th Facility
Agreement”) relating to a term loan facility of up to HK$2,000,000,000 (“10th Facility”) offered by a
bank as lender. The term of the 10th Facility is 36 months.
086   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2025




 Other Information




       On 20 March 2025, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (“11th Facility
       Agreement”, together with the 1st Facility Agreement, 2nd Facility Agreement, 3rd Facility
       Agreement, 4th Facility Agreement, 5th Facility Agreement, 6th Facility Agreement, 7th Facility
       Agreement, 8th Facility Agreement, 9th Facility Agreement and 10th Facility Agreement collectively
       referred to as the “Facility Agreements”) with certain banks as lenders for a HK$4,000,000,000
       term loan facility (“11th Facility”) for a term of up to 3 years.

       Under each of the Facility Agreements, it will be an event of default if Shum Yip Holdings Company
       Limited ceases to own beneficially at least 35% of the issued share capital of the Company, ceases
       to be the single largest shareholder of the Company, ceases to have management control of the
       Company, or ceases to remain beneficially owned as to at least 51% by the Shenzhen Municipal
       People’s Government of the People’s Republic of China and at any time after the happening of an
       event of default, all sum payable under the facilities may become immediately due and payable.

       As at 30 June 2025, all advances made under the 2nd Facility Agreement had been fully repaid.

 2.    Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
       Save as disclosed below, there is no change in the information of the directors of the Company
       required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the Company’s last
       published annual report:

       Mr. WANG Yuwen was appointed as the Chairman of the board of directors of the Company with
       effect from 29 April 2025.

       The Company entered into a letter of appointment with Dr. WONG Yau Kar, David for a term
       of 3 years commencing on 13 June 2025, subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in
       accordance with the articles of association of the Company.

       Ms. CAI Xun and Prof. GONG Peng were appointed as members of the nomination committee of the
       Company with effect from 30 June 2025.


 Review of Financial Information
 The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by
 the Group and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial information of the Group for the six months
 ended 30 June 2025.
                           股份代號 Stock Code: 00604




                                                              報告
                                                    INTERIM   中期
                                                     REPORT




Interim Report 中期報告 2025




                                                      202 5
