股份代號 Stock Code: 00604




                         2024 中Interim
                                  期 報 告
                                       Report
                                             Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   001




                         Contents


2    Corporate Information

3    Chairman’s Statement

12   Management Discussion and Analysis

25   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information

27   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

28   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

29   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

31   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

33   Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

35   Notes to the Interim Financial Information

78   Disclosure of Interests

81   Other Information
002   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Corporate Information


 Executive Directors                                      Principal Bankers
 Dr. LU Hua, Chairman
 Mr. WANG Yuwen, President                                Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
 Ms. CAI Xun                                              DBS Bank Ltd., Hong Kong Branch
 Mr. XU Enli                                              Nanyang Commercial Bank Limited
 Ms. SHI Xiaomei                                          Industrial and Commercial Bank of
                                                             China (Asia) Limited
 Independent Non-Executive                                Chong Hing Bank Limited
                                                          OCBC Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
 Directors                                                CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
 Mr. LI Wai Keung                                         China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited
 Dr. WONG Yau Kar, David                                  The Bank of East Asia, Limited
 Prof. GONG Peng                                          Hua Xia Bank Co., Limited Hong Kong Branch


 Company Secretary                                        Share Listing
 Mr. LEE Ka Sze, Carmelo                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                          (Stock code: 00604)
 Auditor
 PricewaterhouseCoopers, Certified Public Accountants     Share Registrar
 Hong Kong                                                Tricor Standard Limited
 Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor                17/F, Far East Finance Centre,
                                                          16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
 Registered Office
 8th Floor, New East Ocean Centre,                        Website
 9 Science Museum Road, Tsim Sha Tsui,                    www.shenzheninvestment.com
 Kowloon, Hong Kong
                                                                        Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   003



                                                                     Chairman’s Statement


In the first half of 2024, in accordance with the business plan made earlier this year, the Group carried out
the action of “reducing inventory, strengthening operation, preventing risks and promoting transformation”,
and endeavoured to promote the sound operation of enterprises. Since the beginning of the year, the
Chinese economy has generally maintained a stable trend, but there are still many potential risk hazards
in key areas due to more adverse impact of changes in the external environment and insufficient effective
domestic demand, and there are drawbacks in replacing traditional growth drivers with new ones. The
current supply and demand relationship in the real estate market has undergone significant changes,
with the performance of real estate investment and sales weaker than expected. Continuous introduction
of favorable policies has restored certain customer confidence in house purchase, and the market has
seen some positive changes, but it is still in the adjustment stage generally, and even shows a further
downward trend.

Given the severe industry situation, the Group’s sales for completed properties were unsatisfactory and
the key projects did not meet the revenue-recognition conditions, hence there was a considerable decline
in revenue, as well as a decrease in the value of inventories and the fair value of investment properties;
finance costs increased due to changes in the interest rate environment overseas, coupled with loss of
associates and joint ventures, the Group incurred a loss for the period. The Group’s operating revenue
for the first half of the year was HK$3.76 billion, and the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the
Company was HK$1.10 billion. Having considered the short-term fluctuations in performance and the
cash flow position, the Board is of the view that it is essential to retain sufficient funds to protect against
industry risks and hence has resolved not to declare an interim dividend for 2024.
004   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Chairman’s Statement




 I.    BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2024
       Notwithstanding the significant fluctuations in performance, the Group has overcome difficulties
       and worked hard to promote the steady development of its various operations.

       Firstly, the real estate business increased amid challenges. The total sales amount of the top
       100 real estate enterprises in the first half of the year decreased by approximately 42% period-on-
       period. The real estate enterprises have adopted discount and promotion policy to “seek high sales
       volume at lower prices”, so as to promote sales and accelerate the recovery of capital. The Group
       closely monitored market conditions, seized the “window periods” of the policies to accelerate the
       sales, and achieved contracted sales of RMB6.18 billion in the first half of the year. With tailored
       measures taken according to the actual conditions of each project, Zhongshan Bay Front, Shanghai
       Upper Mansion (上海深安上居), Shenzhen Sky Park Apartment and Tairui Mansion achieved sales
       breakthroughs. The Group scheduled the construction of key projects in an orderly manner and
       completed 3 projects in the first half of the year. And, Changsha Luxiyunjing and Chengdu Dongyue
       Mansion was launched ahead of schedule.

       Secondly, the operation business made breakthroughs. The Group actively expanded its
       comprehensive urban operation business, with net expanded contracted area of 9.29 million square
       meters (including that of joint ventures) in the first half of the year. In respect of city services,
       Shum Yip Operations undertook the management and maintenance services of the Mainland Port
       Area at the West Kowloon Station of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link in
       Hong Kong for the first time, and successfully expanded the property management urban projects
       in Gongming Street, Guangming District, Shenzhen, and Jinping District, Shantou. In respect of
       commercial operations, the Group successfully completed the “2024 Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao
       Greater Bay Area Flower Fair”, leading to a growth of both the traffic and turnover of UpperHills
       Business District during the flower fair. It also explored the “low-altitude economy” by opening
       the drone delivery route in a municipal park. Besides, the Hong Kong-Shenzhen cross-border bus
       service has been launched, enabling the Group to establish a departure tax refund shopping center
       and continuously improve the consumption experience of Hong Kong people. In respect of hotel
       management, its hotels have won various awards. Mandarin Oriental Shenzhen was awarded a
       five-star rating by Forbes Travel Guide, together with 10 awards including China’s Top 50 Hotels
       by Voyage. During the period, the Group’s property management revenue was approximately
       HK$1.47 billion. And, the initial public offering (IPO) of Shum Yip Operations made a progress with
       the completion of filing with the CSRC.
                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   005



                                                                              Chairman’s Statement




Thirdly, the property investment business performed healthily. In the first half of 2024,
Shenzhen office building market saw unbalanced supply and demand with fierce competition
generally. According to the monitoring data of Savills, Grade-A office vacancy rates in Shenzhen
were approximately 30% with the average rental level continued falling. Against the backdrop of
continuous market downturn, the Group has actively innovated its operation mode and strengthened
tenant sourcing efforts and we have attracted a total of 12 Fortune 500 companies as tenants for
our office buildings. We have also made brand adjustment and optimization and through upgrading
the brand portfolio, UpperHills has achieved an average newly signed contract rental increase of
30% as compared with 2023. The Group has also promoted the upgrading and renovation of old
properties to release new momentum of the existing properties. Tairan Place (泰然坊) project was
developed as the first “professional building for architectural decoration design” in Futian District.
During the period, the Group’s property investment income was approximately HK$680 million,
with operation remained stable, and the overall occupancy rate was 89%, which was better than
the market level.

Fourthly, the innovation businesses attained a new level. The high-tech agriculture and
advanced manufacturing business of the Group progressed steadily. During the period, Nongke
Company participated in the first Shenzhen International Fisheries & Seafood Expo, and was
awarded the “Annual Excellent Supplier Award (年度優秀供應商獎)”, together with accelerated
implementation of certain agri-tourism projects such as Four Seasons Garden (四季田園) and Four
Seasons Flower Wonderland (四季花谷). Jinghua Company made new breakthroughs in respect of
its technology research and development. Mass production of the sophisticated dot matrix displays
has commenced upon recognition by customers, and remarkable results have been achieved in cost
reduction and efficiency improvement, with gross profit margin of products continued to increase.
006   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Chairman’s Statement




       Fifthly, quality and efficiency of internal management was improved. The Group has
       maintained an A rating in the MSCI-ESG by virtue of its outstanding performance in various
       aspects of ESG, and continued to maintain its leading position in the global real estate industry.
       The Group further optimized its organizational control, and reconstructed the remuneration system
       of headquarters and its subsidiaries systematically. It also strengthened its financial management
       and utilized funds with fine coordination, so as to strengthen the control of costs and expenses,
       and ensure the security of cash flows.


 II. BUSINESS PLAN FOR THE SECOND HALF OF THE YEAR
       Faced with the complex international and domestic situation and the major changes in the supply
       and demand relationship in the real estate market, the Group will accelerate the construction of
       a new model of real estate development, casting off the shortcomings of the past 3-high model
       (i.e. high debt, high turnover and high leverage), and build good-quality houses meeting the new
       expectations of the public. In accordance with the approach of “focusing on operation with one
       hand and transformation with the other”, the Group will work hard on business operation, prevent
       risks comprehensively, carry out reform and promote high-quality development of enterprises.
                                                              Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   007



                                                                            Chairman’s Statement




(I) Focus on the present and operate steadily
    Promote the solid development of real estate business. Based on our sales plan, the
    major projects for sale will mainly be launched in the second half of the year. The Group
    will make all efforts to promote the sale of existing projects to reduce inventory. In respect
    of major projects for sale, priority will be given to turnover efficiency to accelerate asset
    disposition; and in respect of commercial and office properties, the Group will strive to
    achieve a breakthrough in sales by means of bulk trading and government repurchase to
    reduce inventory and recover capital. For the second half of the year, the Group will focus on
    the sale of Shum Yip Sky Park (apartments), Luxury Mansion (頤樾府), Shum Yip Shangcheng
    Xuefu (深業上城學府) and Shum Yip Upper Mansion (深安上居). The Group will continue
    to improve the quality control system and make a reasonable development schedule to ensure
    the completion and registration of its major projects, including Bay Front, Park Mansion,
    Scenery Bay and Natural City, as scheduled to facilitate sales recognition. Leveraging the
    business opportunities brought about by the commissioning of the Shenzhen-Zhongshan
    Link, the Group will speed up the development of “water street” (水街), the commercial
    component of Bay Front, in order to make it ready for opening as soon as practicable. Taking
    into account the local market and capital condition, the Group will assess and adjust the
    progress of projects with high pressure of inventory disposition as appropriate. Along with the
    downward trend of housing prices, customers demand products with a higher level of quality.
    The Group will improve customer services on the basis of conducting in-depth studies on
    customer needs, aligning products with industry standards, and keeping improving product
    competitiveness and engineering construction. The Group will take further steps to expand
    resources in a prudent manner, balance stable operation and long-term development, focus
    on interest coordination and urban renewal projects with lower upfront investment and
    stronger probability of recovering sale proceeds, and in particular pay close attention to those
    well-located commercial, residential and indemnificatory housing projects to be launched
    in Shenzhen, seeking to acquire or secure project resources at a lower consideration as
    strategic resource reserves for the Group’s sustainable development.
008   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Chairman’s Statement




                 Build and develop urban integrated operation brand. Shum Yip Operations will continue
                 to expand its business footprint and improve the market expansion system in an active
                 manner, with a view to achieving a management scale of over 100 million square meters
                 as soon as possible. In respect of commercial operations, greater efforts will be made to
                 the development of “water street”, the commercial component of Bay Front, as well as the
                 relevant business tenant sourcing work, to expedite the building of product lines for the
                 commercial brand of the Group. In respect of hotel management, the Group will accelerate
                 the construction of “Jingju” model hotel, push forward the trial operation of Wuyishan Jingju
                 Wellness & Resort Hotel (武夷山憬居康養度假酒店), and promote the cooperation of
                 related brands. In respect of value-added services, the Group will endeavour to improve the
                 quality of service, explore the integrated facility management (IFM) services, and enhance
                 the diversified value-added service systems for space operation, community life and asset
                 management. On the management side, the Group will continue to launch special activities,
                 promote the improvement of labour efficiency, costs reduction, improve quality and efficiency
                 so as to improve profitability level. Shum Yip Operations will comprehensively analyze and
                 judge the timing for its IPO based on capital market trends.

                 Adopt multi-pronged measures to maintain stable rental income. Currently, the
                 Group holds properties in operation of approximately 1.73 million square meters, as well
                 as commercial and industrial space to be opened for business subsequently of nearly
                 0.47 million square meters. The Group will continue to strengthen asset operation and
                 management and efficiency enhancement so as to maintain stable rental income. It will
                 proactively seek changes in traditional park leasing and expand the market, conduct in-depth
                 studies on customer needs, intensify the interaction of tenant sourcing and investment, and
                 improve service capability. Regarding hotel and commercial projects, new sources of income
                 will be identified along with cost cutting to improve the return on assets. Major projects
                 under construction are planned ahead and will be progressed with caution to ensure that
                 the right products are brought to the market. For assets eligible for securitisation, plans will
                 be formulated to promote the revitalisation and release of the value of our existing assets
                 in an effective manner.
                                                            Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   009



                                                                          Chairman’s Statement




(II) Transform for long-term development
    High-quality transformation is imperative. We will maintain our strategic focus during
    transformation, work out long-term goals, systematically consider the organic synergies
    among our existing businesses, conduct in-depth studies on the potential of the industry
    as well as our own resource advantages, and establish our business matrix to promote the
    transformation of the Group towards urban asset management and integrated operation, as
    well as technology industry investment service.

    Transform towards urban asset management and integrated operation. The Group
    will proactively implement the construction of a new model of real estate development by
    taking customer satisfaction as our core driver, catering to the new expectations of the
    public on high-quality housing and space, and focusing on business innovation, product
    innovation, quality delivery and service experience, as well as providing refined management
    and service throughout a full cycle. In the era of inventory, operation is the “king”. The
    Group will accelerate the development of the urban integrated operation business and
    promote the positive interaction between “brand, scale and efficiency”. In respect of property
    operation, the Group will benchmark against leading enterprises in the industry, explore the
    transformation from a labour-intensive business to a business focusing on technology and
    expertise, and actively strive for quality municipal state-owned resources to boost revenue
    and market position. In respect of commercial operation, the Group will further hone its core
    competence in commercial operation, consolidate the leading position of Upperhills as a
    benchmark, identify and expand hotel management resources, and seize the opportunity of
    the northbound spending of the Hong Kong citizens and the commissioning of the Shenzhen-
    Zhongshan Link to expand advantage, enabling “Shum Yip Commercial Management” to
    expand its brand awareness to the entire Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area.
    Meanwhile, we will timely increase our investment in urban asset management, strengthen
    the research on urban infrastructures such as toll roads, environment management and
    circular economy, actively explore opportunities suitable for our own development, and expand
    our business with stable cash flows.
010   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Chairman’s Statement




                 Transform towards technology industry investment service. State-owned capital shall
                 be concentrated in forward-looking strategic emerging industries. The hi-tech agriculture
                 business and the advanced manufacturing businesses that we are developing are in line
                 with the policy direction with positive social and economic benefits. Therefore, the Group
                 will continue to strengthen its hi-tech agriculture business, further implement the strategy of
                 “hi-tech agriculture + agritourism”, identify market segments and niche categories, and make
                 reasonable arrangement in respect of the linear and non-linear business growth. Additionally,
                 continuous efforts will be made to expand and strengthen our advanced manufacturing
                 segment, including promoting Jinghua Electronics to establish its overseas production base
                 and accelerate the development of overseas marketing channels and service networks while
                 making full use of its leading edge in the intelligent controller industry to invest and incubate
                 national-level high-tech enterprises. Meanwhile, drawing on the successful experience of
                 commercial operation platforms, we will build an industrial space operation platform to unify
                 operation and management quality. We will also establish a connection mechanism with the
                 capital segment of the controlling shareholder and conduct technology industry investment
                 service through “tenant sourcing and investment interaction” with focus on the Guangming
                 Science City (光明科學城) and industrial parks to promote the transformation of technology
                 achievements, and to explore the building of a profit model oriented to industrial investment
                 and a cash flow model oriented to asset securitisation, thereby accelerating the realisation
                 of the dual circulation of “industry + asset” for industrial infrastructure facilities.
                                                                     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   011



                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement




     (III) Raise risk awareness
           The industry will continue to be under pressure for a period of time. In view of the industrial
           restructuring, leading real estate enterprises and outstanding state-owned enterprises
           are seeking to revitalise resources and make operating cash flows positive by adopting
           various strategies and through various channels. It is not only an industry consensus, but
           also an inevitable choice for the high-quality development of enterprises. The Group will
           raise its risk awareness, pay attention to the cash flow position and maintain business
           continuity and steadiness. In the following period, we will strictly control new investments
           and capital expenditures depending on our revenue; implement inventory disposition,
           strengthen the collection of sale proceeds and control of payments in order to expedite
           capital recovery; continue to reduce costs, improve quality and boost efficiency, with a
           focus on the improvement of operation efficiency to enhance profitability; optimise asset and
           liability structure by curtailing the size of offshore liabilities and controlling finance costs;
           and strengthen the management of the enterprises in which we have an equity interest to
           prevent risks.

           Despite the current complex and challenging market environment, the Group will continue
           to forge ahead with firm confidence and great efforts. We will work hard to speed up, and
           improve the quality and efficiency of each work, strive to create a new era of high-quality
           development, and make new contributions to social economy and urban development.




LU Hua
Chairman

28 August 2024
012   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Management Discussion and Analysis


 Overall Results
 In the first half of 2024, there were intensive and optimizing adjustments in real estate regulatory
 and control policies. Many initiatives such as canceling purchase restrictions, lowering down payment
 ratios, and encouraging “trade-in” have been adopted in various regions so as to stimulate and release
 the potential demand for housing purchases. As a result, customers’ confidence in housing purchases
 has been improved to a certain extent, and there have seen some positive changes in the market.
 Nevertheless, the overall market is still in the stage of adjustment, and even shows a further downward
 trend. According to monitoring data from institutions, the sales area of new commercial housings in the
 first half of the year fell by 19% period-on-period, and the total sales of top 100 real estate enterprises
 fell by 42% period-on-period nationwide; and for Shenzhen, the online signing of new housings fell by
 25% period-on-period, and whilst the number of second-hand residential housing transfers increased by
 30%, the price decreased 15% period-on-period, demonstrating that the market is still in a weak state.

 During the period, due to factors including the decrease in booked area of the projects, loss from the
 associates and joint ventures and the increase in finance costs, operating results decreased significantly.
 The Group realized turnover of HK$3,760 million, representing a decrease of approximately 38% as
 compared to the same period of last year. Gross profit was HK$1,090 million, with overall gross profit
 margin of 29%. Loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was HK$1,100 million. If
 excluding the net effect of changes in fair value of investment properties attributable to the Group,
 changes in fair value of financial assets and the effect of results from associates and joint ventures, loss
 attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was HK$550 million.


 Property Development Business
 I.    Sales Revenue Booked
       During the period, the revenue booked decreased as most of the pre-sold properties have not yet
       reached the sales revenue recognition conditions. The Group recorded property sales booked of
       approximately 54,119 square meters (excluding interests attributable to the major associates of
       the Group), representing a decrease of approximately 50% over the same period of last year, and
       achieved sales revenue booked of approximately RMB920 million (equivalent to approximately
       HK$1,020 million) (net of value-added tax), representing a decrease of approximately 65% over the
       same period of last year. Guangzhou and Shenzhen projects contributed 48% of the sales revenue
       booked. Gross profit margin of property development sales was 32%, representing a decrease of
       10 percentage points over the same period of last year.
                                                                       Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   013



                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




Property Sales Booked in the First Half of 2024

 Property Name                 Type                             City               Booked Area                 Net Sales
                                                                                        (sq.m.)                (RMB’000)
 Shum Yip Natural City         Residential                      Shenzhen                      5,651              174,368
 Shum Yip Cloud Center         Residential                      Shenzhen                      4,399              168,565
 Taifu Square                  Apartment                        Shenzhen                        230                8,978
 UpperHills                    Innovative industrial building   Shenzhen                        533               32,576
 Sky Park                      Apartment                        Shenzhen                        825               61,087
 Bustling City                 Residential                      Foshan                        8,726              120,903
 Shum Yip City                 Residential                      Foshan                        5,446               69,196
 Garden Hills                  Residential/commercial           Huizhou                       5,094               36,175
 Gaobangshan                   Residential/commercial           Huizhou                       5,535               46,118
 Upper Life                    Commercial                       Nanjing                          87                2,826
 Longwan Mansion               Residential                      Nanjing                         314               13,663
 Heron Mansion                 Residential/ancillary office     Changsha                        471                8,721
 Ruicheng                      Office                           Changsha                      1,059                6,354
 Yihu Rose Garden              Commercial                       Chengdu                         851                3,456
 Shum Yip Huating              Residential                      Chengdu                         124                2,173
 Nanhu Rose Bay                Residential                      Wuhan                         7,368              121,767
 Shum Yip Huafu Garden         Commercial                       Changzhou                       138                1,781
 Splendid City                 Commercial                       Taizhou                          97                1,147
 Jiangyin Shum Yip
    Technology
    Industrial Park            Plant                            Wuxi                             816                 3,143
 Ma’anshan Shum
    Yip Huafu                  Commercial/residential           Ma’anshan                     3,024                28,261
 Shenma Industrial Park        Plant                            Ma’anshan                     3,331                 1,082
 Parking spaceNote             –                                –                                 –                12,102
 Total                                                                                       54,119              924,442


Note:    153 parking spaces were sold
014    Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Management Discussion and Analysis




 II.    Contracted Sales
        In the first half of 2024, the Group recorded contracted sales amount of approximately RMB6.18
        billion (equivalent to approximately HK$6.80 billion), representing a decrease of 58% period-on-
        period. Contracted sales area was approximately 239,000 square meters, and the average price
        per square meter was RMB28,483. The contracted sales were mainly attributable to Shum Yip
        Cloud Center, Shum Yip Tairui Mansion, Shum Yip Luxury Mansion, Sky Park, Parkview Garden
        (頤灣花園), and Shum Yip Upper Mansion. As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s contracted but not
        yet booked sales amounted to approximately HK$27.8 billion, which is expected to be booked as
        contracted sales in years 2024 and 2025.

        By geographical location, projects in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area accounted
        for 69% of the contracted sales amount, 30% came from projects in the municipalities and
        provincial capitals, and 1% came from other cities. By the types of products, residential products
        accounted for 84% of contracted sales, and non-residential products (including office, apartment
        and industrial park) accounted for 16%.


        Breakdown of Contracted Sales in the First Half of 2024*

           Project                                         City        Type                         Sales Area      Sales **
                                                                                                        (sq.m.)   (RMB’000)
           Shum Yip Cloud Center                           Shenzhen    Residential                      29,057     544,868
           Shum Yip Upper Coast                            Shenzhen    Residential                         683      61,590
           Shum Yip Tairui Mansion                         Shenzhen    Residential                      13,506     617,957
           UpperHills                                      Shenzhen    Industrial R&D, office              257      16,654
           Tanglang City***                                Shenzhen    Apartment                           473      33,541
           Shum Yip Luxury Mansion                         Shenzhen    Residential                       9,799     660,044
           Shum Yip Taifu Square                           Shenzhen    Apartment                         2,868      17,458
           Shum Yip Park Mansion                           Shenzhen    Residential                         248       6,920
           Natural City                                    Shenzhen    Residential                       6,069     203,199
           Shum Yip Sky Park                               Shenzhen    Apartment                         8,367     569,425
           Moon River Palace                               Guangzhou   Parking space                       793       9,186
           Shum Yip Scenery Bay                            Guangzhou   Residential                       5,927     222,019
           Shum Yip Bustling City                          Foshan      Residential                       2,434      38,024
           Shunde Shum Yip City                            Foshan      Residential                       7,011      92,071
           Gaobangshan No. 1                               Huizhou     Residential, parking space        8,268      69,066
           Garden Hills                                    Huizhou     Residential                       5,964      47,688
                                                                        Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   015



                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




     Project                           City           Type                             Sales Area                 Sales **
                                                                                           (sq.m.)              (RMB’000)
     Wanlin Lake                       Huizhou        Residential                                330                  644
     Oujing City                       Dongguan       Parking space                               36                  590
     Bay Front                         Zhongshan      Residential, apartment                  17,909              384,190
     Parkview Garden                   Zhongshan      Residential                             24,759              661,260
     Shum Yip Upper Mansion            Shanghai       Residential                             19,794              699,746
     Nanwan Mansion                    Nanjing        Residential                              4,313              197,835
     Longwan Mansion                   Nanjing        Commercial, parking space                2,149               83,105
     Shum Yip Upper Life               Nanjing        Residential                                527               14,670
     Shum Yip Heron Mansion            Changsha       Residential                                883               13,972
     Shum Yip Luxiyunjing              Changsha       Residential                              1,057               23,565
     Changsha Ruicheng Xihui           Changsha       Commercial                               1,422                9,165
     Shum Yip Tairong Mansion          Chengdu        Residential                             20,873              438,338
     Shum Yip Yihu Rose Garden         Chengdu        Commercial                                 654               10,833
     Shum Yip North Shore              Chengdu        Residential                              6,304               46,706
     Shum Yip Dongyue Mansion          Chengdu        Residential                              2,440               38,561
     Qingbaijiang Shum Yip
        Taifu Square                   Chengdu        Residential                              9,482               68,589
     Nanhu Rose Bay                    Wuhan          Commercial, parking space               10,104              181,848
     Jiangyin Shum Yip Technology
        Industrial Park                Wuxi           Industrial R&D                           3,771                18,826
     Changzhou Shum Yip Huafu          Changzhou      Commercial, parking space                  138                 1,800
     Splendid City                     Taizhou        Commercial, parking space                   97                 1,250
     Shum Yip Yunqi Garden             Taizhou        Residential                              2,535                25,877
     Shenma Cihu High-tech
        Industrial Park                Ma’anshan      Industrial R&D                           1,443                  4,619
     Shenma East China Industrial
        Technology Industrial Park     Ma’anshan      Industrial R&D                           2,186                 6,994
     Ma’anshan Shum Yip Huafu          Ma’anshan      Commercial, parking space                3,681                35,417
     Total                                                                                  238,610             6,178,112

*         As all the contracted sales took place in Mainland China, the contracted sales figures are expressed in
          Renminbi.

**        Sales includes the sales of parking lots.

***       Tanglang City project was co-developed with Shenzhen Metro Group, as to 50% owned by the Group,
          and it is accounted using equity method.
016   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Management Discussion and Analysis




 III. Project Development and Construction
       During the period, the Group’s newly started construction area was approximately 218,000 square
       meters, representing a decrease of 80% over the same period of last year. The planned completed
       projects were delivered on schedule with a completed area of approximately 357,000 square meters
       as compared with no newly completed project in the same period of last year.


       New Construction Projects in the First Half of 2024

                                                                                                New
                                                                                       Construction
          Project                                         City         Type                    Area
                                                                                         (sq.m.’000)
          Changsha Luxiyunjing Phase 2                    Changsha     Commercial                 43
          Zhongshan G29 (Vanke Shum Yip Yiwan
            Garden (萬科深業頤灣花園)) Phase 2                    Zhongshan    Residential                67
          Zhongshan Bay Front Phase 2
            (F36, 38 Water Street Commercial)
            Commercial                                    Zhongshan    Commercial                108
          Total                                                                                  218


       Newly Completed Projects in the First Half of 2024

                                                                                              Newly
                                                                                         Completed
          Project                                         City         Type                    Area
                                                                                         (sq.m.’000)
          Guangzhou Shum Yip Scenery Bay Phase 1          Guangzhou    Residential               189
          Zhongshan Bay Front Project Phase 1
            (F34 Detached Office 4-9#)                    Zhongshan    Commercial                  9
          Zhongshan Bay Front Project Phase 1
            (Joint-inspection Building)                   Zhongshan    Commercial                159
          Total                                                                                  357
                                                                         Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   017



                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




IV. Land Reserves
   As of 30 June 2024, the Group had land reserves with a capacity building area of approximately
   6.53 million square meters, of which, the projects not yet started had a capacity building area of
   approximately 1.02 million square meters, the projects under construction had a capacity building
   area of approximately 4.47 million square meters and the completed but not yet booked projects
   had a capacity building area of approximately 1.04 million square meters. The structure of the land
   reserve remained reasonable and healthy, with land reserve in the Greater Bay Area, the Yangtze
   River Delta region and the second-tier provincial capital cities accounting for 66%, 14% and 20%
   of the total capacity buildings area respectively.


   Distribution of Land Reserves (As at 30 June 2024)


           By type – Capacity Building AreaNote                  By region – Capacity Building AreaNote
                        (sq.m.)                                                (sq.m.)

                       7%                                                   14%

       11%


    12%                                                      20%


                                                 70%                                                                   66%




       Residential                  Commercial,                  Guangdong-Hong                       Yangtze River Delta
                                    commercial/residential       Kong-Macao Greater                   area
                                    and others                   Bay Area
       Complex                      Industrial                   2nd-tier provincial capital
                                                                 cities and others


   Note:    Capacity building area is the sum of the gross floor area which is used in the calculation of the plot
            ratio within the land for construction.
018   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Management Discussion and Analysis




 Property Investment Business
 In the first half of 2024, facing the severe challenges of market downturn and intensified competition,
 the Group insisted on refined operation and took various measures to enhance tenant sourcing for office
 buildings, industrial parks, commercial complex and professional markets, upgraded and renovated
 old and inefficient properties, innovated property leasing model, and the property investment business
 maintained stable performance. During the period, the Group recorded an income from property
 investment of approximately HK$680 million, representing a decrease of 3% over the same period of
 last year. The gross profit margin of property investment business was approximately 71%. As at 30 June
 2024, the Group had investment properties of approximately 1.73 million square meters, with a fair value
 of approximately HK$33.30 billion. The Group recorded a decrease in the fair value of its investment
 property portfolio of HK$30 million during the period.


 Urban Integrated Operation Business
 I.    Overview of the Business Segment
       The Group’s urban integrated operations business, comprising urban and industrial park property
       management, residential property management, commercial operation and property management
       services, had a total contracted GFA of approximately 92.29 million square meters and a total
       GFA under management of approximately 89.21 million square meters, of which approximately
       79% was attributable to independent third-party projects and approximately 68% was attributable
       to non-residential properties, both indicators are higher than the industry average. During the
       period, revenue from the property management business amounted to approximately HK$1.47
       billion, representing an increase of 3% over the same period of last year, with gross profit margin
       of approximately 17%. With its industry-leading comprehensive strength and widely-recognized
       service, the Group was listed among the “Top 100 Property Service Enterprises China 2024 (No.
       15)” (2024 中國物業服務百強企業第 15 位) and “Leading Enterprises in Smart City Services in
       China” (中國智慧城市服務領先企業) by the China Index Academy, “Top State-Owned Property
       Management Companies by Comprehensive Strength (No. 9)” (國有物業服務企業綜合實力第
       9 名) by the China Property Management Research Institution, etc.
                                                                    Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   019



                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




II.   Operation Business Expansion
      In the first half of 2024, Shum Yip Operations of the Group had net expanded area under
      management of approximately 9.291 million square meters (including that of joint ventures),
      of which the net expansion of property management urban and public construction projects
      accounted for 89%, and the market expansion strength remained strong. Shum Yip Operations
      expanded its business to Hong Kong for the first time, and commenced a new segment of port
      management and maintenance by undertaking the port management and maintenance services at
      the West Kowloon Station of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link. It undertook
      the integrated service of urban management business in Gongming Street, Guangming District,
      Shenzhen, the management services of Shenzhen Huanggang Park (深圳市皇崗公園) and
      Children’s Paradise (兒童樂園), road cleaning services in Jinping District, Shantou City, the
      property services of Changsha Third Workers’ Cultural Palace (長沙市第三工人文化宮) and
      the property management services in Anshun area of Guizhou Mobile.


III. Commercial Operation
      In the first half of 2024, the operations of all commercial projects were stable, and sales
      performance grew steadily. The Group further developed its commercial product line. During the
      period, UpperHills project signed 18 branded first stores to continue to strengthen its competitive
      advantage and launched UpperHills Shenzhen-Hong Kong direct buses to continue to magnify the
      first-mover advantages of “Hong Kong people economy”. During the period, the customer traffic
      exceeded 10 million at the shopping mall and the sales amounted to RMB2.1 billion. The “park
      + business” consumption mode represented by Bijiashan Sports Park, being the linked park of
      UpperHills, has taken initial shape with synergy between park and business district. The drone
      delivery route in Shenzhen from UpperHills to Shenzhen Central Park was officially launched,
      together with the implementation of Bijiashan Sports Park route, which promoted the low-altitude
      economic development of park + UpperHills business district. The commercial operation of
      Shenzhen Women and Children Tower project performed well and ranked first on Shenzhen’s culture
      and art hot list. The tenant sourcing efforts were accelerated for Zhongshan Bay Front project by
      brand signing publicity.
020   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Management Discussion and Analysis




       Hotel Operation Business
       The Group owns 6 hotels in operation, namely Suzhou Marriott Hotel (with 302 guest rooms),
       Chaohu Shum Yip Bantang Hot Spring Hotel (with 27 spring villas), Holiday Inn Resort Chaohu Hot
       Spring (with 203 guest rooms), Muji Hotel (with 79 guest rooms) in UpperHills, Shenzhen, Mandarin
       Oriental Shenzhen (with 178 guest rooms) and Jingju Hotel (with 194 guest rooms) in Shenzhen
       Women and Children Tower. During the period, the Group took measures according to the actual
       situation of each hotel to stabilize their core operating indicators, and the hotels recorded operating
       income (included under other operating segment) of approximately HK$210 million, remaining stable
       as compared to the same period of last year.

       In addition to the above six hotels, the Group is entrusted to manage one hotel owned by a
       controlling shareholder, and another five hotels under construction are under preparation. During
       the period, hotels in Shenzhen outperformed their counterparts, with Mandarin Oriental Shenzhen
       continuing to take lead in the luxury hotels in Shenzhen, MUJI Hotel Shenzhen achieving an average
       annual occupancy rate of 80%, and Jingju Hotel Shenzhen receiving an overwhelming response
       since the launch of its family suites. Our various hotel brands have gained good reputation and
       honors: both Mandarin Oriental Shenzhen and Spa (水療中心) were awarded five-star rating by
       Forbes Travel Guide in 2024, together with 10 awards including China’s Top 50 Hotels by Voyage.
       Shenzhen MUJI Hotel was awarded “2023 Shenzhen Tourism Best Lifestyle Hotel” (2023 年度深
       圳旅遊最佳生活方式酒店) by Shenzhen Tourism Association, and Shenzhen Jingju Hotel was
       shortlisted in the “GBE Hotel Design Awards 2024” (GBE 酒店設計大獎 2024) and was awarded
       the “Best Lifestyle Experience Hotel Award” (最佳生活方式體驗酒店獎).
                                                              Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   021



                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Advanced Manufacturing Business
The manufacturing business of the Group is mainly from its subsidiary Shenzhen Jinghua Displays
Electronics Co., Ltd. (“Jinghua Company”), which is engaged in the research and development,
production and sales of products such as IoT intelligent display controllers and LCD devices. With
the qualification of national high-tech enterprise and Shenzhen specialized and sophisticated
SMEs, it is a high-quality service provider in the field of human-machine interface display and
interactive control. In the first half of 2024, Jinghua Company made breakthroughs in technological
research and development, and realized mass production of high-difficulty dot matrix displays
after obtaining customer recognition. During the period, it achieved significant cost reduction and
efficiency enhancement with the gross profit margin of products continuing to increase. Affected
by the real estate industry, delivery of orders for home appliances was delayed during the period,
and revenue from manufacturing business amounted to HK$180 million, representing a decrease
of 16% period-on-period, and gross profit margin was approximately 24.3%, representing an
increase of 3.1 percentage points period-on-period.


High-tech Agriculture Business
The Group’s high-tech agriculture business includes sales of agricultural products and flowers and
agri-tourism. In the first half of 2024, the industrial scale of the agriculture segment continued
to increase. The artichoke output of Xinfeng agricultural industrial park project reached 100,000
catties, which was reported by many media, and it also promoted the construction of farm product
processing center and industrial park supporting facilities. Jinnong project transferred land of
310 mu and was successfully awarded “Shenzhen Farm”. The agri-tourism projects have been
implemented in a steady manner, and a number of parks have opened for trial operation. Dapeng
Seasons Coastal Countryside (大鵬四季濱海田園) project was listed in “Millions of Project” (百
千萬工程) of Shenzhen, and was initially presented during the period. The construction scheme
of Xinfeng • Four Seasons Riverside Garden (新豐•四季濱江田園) was awarded the excellent
work award of “YinJiXiangCun Creative Design Competition” (印跡鄉村創意設計大賽) by the
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs. During the period, revenue from agriculture operation
(included under other operating segment) was approximately HK$70 million.
022   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Management Discussion and Analysis




 Financial Management
 I.    Capital and Financing
       As at 30 June 2024, in terms of bank loans, the Group’s total bank and other borrowings amounted
       to HK$38.43 billion (31 December 2023: HK$39.04 billion). Floating rate loans and fixed-rate loans
       accounted for 67% and 33%, respectively; long-term loans and short-term loans accounted for 59%
       and 41%, respectively; borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi borrowings
       accounted for 40% and 60%, respectively.

       As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s cash balance was HK$11.06 billion (including restricted cash) (31
       December 2023: HK$14.44 billion), of which approximately 89% were denominated in Renminbi,
       and the remaining in US dollar and Hong Kong dollar.

       As at 30 June 2024, the Group had net assets, excluding non-controlling interests, of HK$40.09
       billion (31 December 2023: HK$42.34 billion). The asset-liability ratio, excluding advance receipts,
       was 68.9%, and the net gearing ratio (net debt excluding interest-bearing loans from related parties
       divided by equity attributable to owners of the Company) was 68.3%.

       Due to the prolonged high interest rate environment overseas, the Group’s finance costs increased.
       The Group optimized its capital and debt structure through various means, and the average
       comprehensive interest rate of the Group’s bank and other borrowings was maintained at a low
       level of 4.4% per annum during the period.


       Key Financial Indicators

                                                                               As at              As at
                                                                            30 June        31 December
          HK$100 million                                                       2024               2023
          Bank and other borrowings                                            384.3              390.4
          – Long-term borrowings                                               226.2              249.0
          – Short-term borrowings                                              158.1              141.4
          Cash (including restricted cash)                                     110.6              144.4
          Net gearing ratio                                                   68.3%               58.1%
                                                                    Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   023



                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




II.   Effect of Exchange Rate Fluctuation
      The Group’s assets are mainly denominated in Renminbi, while Hong Kong dollar is adopted as
      the reporting currency in the Group’s financial statements. The effect of the decrease in RMB
      exchange rate on the Group’s finance was mainly reflected in the depreciation of the asset and
      earnings denominated in Renminbi against Hong Kong dollar, the reporting currency. During the
      period, such fluctuations in the asset and earnings denominated in Renminbi against Hong Kong
      dollar, the reporting currency, of HK$450 million loss were included in other comprehensive income.


Performance of Major Joint Ventures and Associates
During the period, affected by the overall real estate downturn and the severe industry environment, the
Group’s major joint ventures and associates performed poorly.

Taizhou Shum Yip Investment Development Limited (a 51% owned company of the Group) contributed
a loss of approximately HK$9.415 million to the Group. Shenzhen Langtong Property Development
Company Limited (a 50% owned company of the Group) contributed a loss of approximately HK$17.960
million. Tianan Cyber Park Group Co., Ltd. (a 37.5% owned company of the Group) contributed a loss of
approximately HK$21.839 million to the Group. Shum King Company Limited (a 50% owned company
of the Group) contributed a loss of approximately HK$220 million to the Group. Road King Infrastructure
Limited (1098.HK) (a 27% owned associate of the Group) contributed a loss of HK$280 million to the
Group.


Progress of the Litigation Involving Shum Yip Terra Company
On 3 January 2024, Chengdu Fengze Investment Co., Ltd (成都豐澤投資有限公司) (“Chengdu
Fengze”) and Shum Yip Terra (Holdings) Company Limited (深業泰然(集團)股份有限公司) (“Shum
Yip Terra Company”, together with Chengdu Fengze, the “Subsidiaries”), both being non-wholly-owned
subsidiaries of the Company, respectively received a statement of claim (民事起訴狀) from the
Intermediate People’s Court of Chengdu City (成都市中級人民法院) regarding the claims by Sichuan
Haofu Industrial Co., Ltd. (四川浩福實業有限公司) (the “Claimant”) against the Subsidiaries regarding
the disputes in earnings distribution over the investment of “198” Congshu Area (“198”叢樹片區) in
Chenghua district, Chengdu, the People’s Republic of China, with a claims amount of approximately
RMB220 million. On 14 July 2024, the Claimant filed an application to the Intermediate People’s Court
of Chengdu City for the withdrawal of the litigation, and the Intermediate People’s Court of Chengdu City
issued a ruling allowing the Claimant to withdraw the litigation on 26 July 2024.
024   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Management Discussion and Analysis




 Pledge of Assets and Contingent Liabilities
 As at 30 June 2024, the Group had total loans of HK$8.66 billion (31 December 2023: HK$8.75 billion)
 that were pledged with assets (please refer to note 24 to the interim financial information for details).

 As at 30 June 2024, the Group has given guarantees amounted to HK$1.63 billion in respect of bank
 and other borrowings to three joint ventures of the Group (please refer to note 28 to the interim financial
 information for details).


 Employees and Remuneration Policy
 As at 30 June 2024, the Group employed 20,417 employees (30 June 2023: 22,229) of whom 19 were
 stationed in Hong Kong (mainly managerial and finance related personnel), and the rest were in mainland
 China. The total remuneration for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (excluding remuneration of the
 Directors and senior management) amounted to approximately RMB1.255 billion (six months ended 30
 June 2023: RMB1.277 billion).

 Employee benefits and bonuses are based on their individual performance, the Group’s profit condition,
 benefit level of the industry and the current market condition. The remuneration packages are reviewed
 on an annual basis to ensure internal equity and its competitiveness in the market. In driving performance,
 we also grant share options under the share option scheme of the Company to employees based on
 individual performance and the results of the Group.
                                                                     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   025



               Report on Review of Interim Financial Information


To the Board of Directors of Shenzhen Investment Limited
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


Introduction
We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 27 to 77, which comprises the
condensed consolidated statement of financial position of Shenzhen Investment Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as at 30 June 2024 and the condensed consolidated
statement of profit or loss, the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and the condensed consolidated cash flow
statement for the six-month period then ended, and selected explanatory notes. The Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report
on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong
Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation
of this interim financial information in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim
Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Our responsibility
is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review and to report our
conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report.


Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410,
“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists
of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying
analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted
in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain
assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.
026   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Report on Review of Interim Financial Information




 Conclusion
 Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim
 financial information of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong
 Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.




 PricewaterhouseCoopers
 Certified Public Accountants

 Hong Kong, 28 August 2024
                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   027



           Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2024           2023
                                                      Note            HK$’000        HK$’000
 Revenue                                               6              3,756,918                      6,057,890
 Cost of sales and services                            7             (2,671,081)                    (3,974,623)
 Gross profit                                                         1,085,837                      2,083,267
 Selling and distribution expenses                     7               (168,706)                      (183,601)
 Administrative expenses                               7               (598,568)                      (660,781)
 Increase/(decrease) in fair value of financial
    assets at fair value through profit or loss                               7,764                      (77,557)
 (Losses)/gains resulted from changes in fair value
    of and transfer to investment properties           14                (27,265)                       276,216
 Net impairment losses on financial assets                               (14,393)                        (11,673)
 Other expenses                                        7                (155,611)                      (176,393)
 Other income                                          8                 116,476                          80,830
 Other gains                                           9                     198                             304
 Operating profit                                                        245,732                     1,330,612
 Finance income                                        10                 81,101                        84,997
 Finance costs                                         10               (722,250)                     (579,376)
 Finance costs-net                                     10               (641,149)                      (494,379)
 Share of results of joint ventures and associates    16,17             (550,434)                      (315,033)
 (Loss)/Profit before income tax                                        (945,851)                       521,200
 Income tax expenses                                   11               (196,011)                      (557,217)
 Loss for the interim period                                         (1,141,862)                         (36,017)
 Loss for the interim period
   attributable to:
 – Owners of the Company                                             (1,101,144)                       (116,615)
 – Non-controlling interests                                            (40,718)                         80,598
                                                                     (1,141,862)                         (36,017)
 Losses per share for loss attributable
   to owners of the Company
   (expressed in HK cents per share)                   12
 – Basic and diluted                                                        (12.37)                           (1.31)


The above condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.
028     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                        HK$’000        HK$’000
   Loss for the interim period                                       (1,141,862)       (36,017)
   Other comprehensive income
   Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
      – Share of changes of other comprehensive income
           of an associate                                            (117,511)         (45,293)
      – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations     (447,105)     (1,805,077)
   Other comprehensive income for the interim period,
     net of tax                                                       (564,616)     (1,850,370)
   Total comprehensive income for the interim period                 (1,706,478)    (1,886,387)
   Total comprehensive income attributable to:
     – Owners of the Company                                         (1,622,390)    (1,810,892)
     – Non-controlling interests                                        (84,088)        (75,495)
                                                                     (1,706,478)    (1,886,387)


 The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction
 with the accompanying notes.
                                                               Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   029



  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                   As at 30 June 2024




                                                                      Unaudited                        Audited
                                                                        30 June                   31 December
                                                                           2024                          2023
                                                        Note           HK$’000                        HK$’000
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                           14            6,451,422                      6,181,723
Investment properties                                   14           33,299,309                     33,450,507
Investments in joint ventures                           16            8,433,620                      8,735,858
Investments in associates                               17            4,154,746                      4,545,599
Intangible assets                                                       860,707                        887,135
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   18              138,032                        131,365
Financial assets at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                    2,351                          2,368
Trade and other receivables                             19                30,665                        277,026
Deferred income tax assets                                             3,530,522                      3,513,667
                                                                     56,901,374                     57,725,248
Current assets
Properties under development                            20           72,176,150                     70,563,075
Completed properties held for sale                      21           20,355,743                     19,744,800
Inventories                                                             294,288                        266,208
Trade and other receivables                             19           12,285,485                     11,665,380
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   18                1,039                            906
Biological assets                                                         4,850                          4,512
Restricted cash and bank deposits                       22            3,425,518                      3,389,371
Cash and cash equivalents                               22            7,633,210                     11,053,858
                                                                   116,176,283                    116,688,110
Total assets                                                       173,077,657                    174,413,358
030     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
 As at 30 June 2024




                                                                               Unaudited         Audited
                                                                                 30 June    31 December
                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                               Note             HK$’000         HK$’000
   EQUITY
   Equity attributable to owners of the Company
   Share capital                                                23             22,071,756    22,071,756
   Capital reserve                                              23                 59,019        59,019
   Other reserves                                               23              1,848,926     2,370,145
   Retained earnings                                                           16,112,626    17,836,686
                                                                               40,092,327    42,337,606
   Non-controlling interests                                                    5,031,747     5,142,605
   Total equity                                                                45,124,074    47,480,211
   LIABILITIES
   Non-current liabilities
   Bank and other borrowings                                    24             22,619,626    24,897,499
   Lease liabilities                                            15                280,190       269,430
   Deferred income                                                                 18,366        20,219
   Due to the immediate holding company                         29                696,786       700,651
   Deferred income tax liabilities                                              7,265,904     7,319,668
                                                                               30,880,872    33,207,467
   Current liabilities
   Bank and other borrowings                                    24             15,814,106    14,141,603
   Contract liabilities                                                        27,819,789    24,303,239
   Trade and other payables                                     25             20,828,590    22,802,440
   Lease liabilities                                            15                100,547       105,488
   Due to the immediate holding company                         29              3,287,388     3,194,490
   Due to the ultimate holding company                          29             18,126,614    17,653,750
   Tax payable                                                                 11,095,677    11,524,670
                                                                               97,072,711    93,725,680
   Total liabilities                                                          127,953,583   126,933,147
   Total equity and liabilities                                               173,077,657   174,413,358

 The above condensed consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with
 the accompanying notes.

 The interim financial information on pages 27 to 77 was approved by the Board of Directors on 28 August
 2024 and was signed on its behalf.

 Mr. WANG Yuwen                                             Ms. SHI Xiaomei
 Director                                                   Director
                                                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   031



    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
                                                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                   Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                                                               Non-
                                                          Share         Capital       Other      Retained                controlling              Total
                                                         capital       reserve     reserves      earnings          Total interests              equity
                                                        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000             HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2024                             22,071,756       59,019     2,370,145 17,836,686 42,337,606             5,142,605 47,480,211
Comprehensive income for the six months
  ended 30 June 2024
Loss for the interim period                                   –              –            –    (1,101,144) (1,101,144)           (40,718) (1,141,862)
Other comprehensive income:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign
  operations                                                  –              –     (403,735)            –       (403,735)        (43,370)      (447,105)
Share of other comprehensive income of an associate           –              –     (117,511)            –       (117,511)              –       (117,511)
Total comprehensive income for the interim period             –              –     (521,246) (1,101,144) (1,622,390)             (84,088) (1,706,478)
Transactions with owners in their capacity as
   owners
Capital injections from non-controlling interests             –              –            –             –              –           6,605          6,605
Dividends provided for or paid                                –              –            –      (622,916)      (622,916)        (33,375)      (656,291)
Equity-settled share option expense                           –              –           27             –             27               –             27
Total transactions with owners                                –              –           27      (622,916)      (622,889)        (26,770)      (649,659)
Balance at 30 June 2024                               22,071,756       59,019     1,848,926 16,112,626 40,092,327             5,031,747 45,124,074
032     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
 For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                          Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                           Non-
                                                                 Share       Capital          Other       Retained                   controlling        Total
                                                                capital     reserve        reserves       earnings         Total       interests       equity
                                                              HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000
   Balance at 1 January 2023                                22,071,756      59,019       3,157,152 19,343,914 44,631,841             4,925,132 49,556,973
   Comprehensive income for the six months
      ended 30 June 2023
   (Loss)/profit for the interim period                              –            –               –       (116,615)     (116,615)       80,598        (36,017)
   Other comprehensive income:
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign
      operations                                                     –            –     (1,648,984)              –    (1,648,984)     (156,093) (1,805,077)
   Share of other comprehensive income of an associate               –            –         (45,293)             –        (45,293)           –      (45,293)
   Total comprehensive income for the interim period                 –            –     (1,694,277)       (116,615) (1,810,892)        (75,495) (1,886,387)
   Transactions with owners in their capacity as
      owners
   Capital injections from non-controlling interests                 –            –              –               –           –           5,510          5,510
   Dividends provided for or paid                                    –            –              –      (1,067,855) (1,067,855)              –     (1,067,855)
   Equity-settled share option expense                               –            –            129               –         129               –            129
   Total transactions with owners                                    –            –            129      (1,067,855) (1,067,726)          5,510     (1,062,216)
   Balance at 30 June 2023                                  22,071,756      59,019       1,463,004 18,159,444 41,753,223             4,855,147 46,608,370


 The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with
 the accompanying notes.
                                                           Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024    033



                   Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                     Unaudited
                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000
Cash flows (used in)/from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                     350,442                      3,078,394
Interest paid                                                   (1,025,729)                      (895,441)
Interest received                                                   81,101                         84,997
Income tax paid                                                 (1,021,386)                    (1,508,137)
Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities          (1,615,572)                        759,813
Cash flows used in investing activities
Payments of loans to joint ventures                                (280,704)                      (123,695)
Repayments of loans to joint ventures                                13,210                              –
Capital injections to joint ventures and associates                       –                       (155,315)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                         (108,187)                      (127,557)
Purchases of investment properties under development                (81,378)                             –
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                 50                            108
Interest received from loans to related parties                      10,520                         21,969
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                     –                          8,021
Dividends received from financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                     70                               72
Net cash used in investing activities                              (446,419)                      (376,397)
034     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
 For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                     Unaudited
                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000
   Cash flows used in financing activities
   Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                      6,940,448         8,718,274
   Repayments of bank and other borrowings                     (7,419,466)     (10,849,407)
   Proceeds from loans from the ultimate holding company        2,330,394       10,593,915
   Repayments of loans from the ultimate holding company       (2,592,384)       (9,020,739)
   Proceeds from loans from the immediate holding company         100,000                  –
   Repayments of loans from the immediate holding company        (100,000)                 –
   Proceeds from loans from the fellow subsidiaries                     –           247,390
   Repayments of loans from the fellow subsidiaries               (15,301)           (48,916)
   Capital element of lease payments                              (52,682)           (50,884)
   Capital injection from non-controlling interests                 6,605              5,510
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                    (33,375)                 –
   Proceeds from loans from non-controlling interests                   –           126,572
   Repayments of loans from non-controlling interests            (444,696)         (259,176)
   Net cash used in financing activities                       (1,280,457)        (537,461)
   Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                   (3,342,448)        (154,045)
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
     of the interim period                                    11,053,858       11,668,267
   Exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents               (78,200)         (73,924)
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of the interim period      7,633,210       11,440,298


 The above condensed consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the
 accompanying notes.
                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   035



                           Notes to the Interim Financial Information


1   General information
    Shenzhen Investment Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong
    Kong. The address of the Company’s registered office is located at 8th Floor, New East Ocean
    Centre, 9 Science Museum Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The Company is an investment holding
    company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally
    engaged in property development, property investment, property management and manufacture
    operation.

    In the opinion of the directors, the immediate holding company of the Company is Shum Yip
    Holdings Company Limited (“Shum Yip Holdings”, 深業(集團)有限公司), which is a private
    company incorporated in Hong Kong. The ultimate holding company of the Company is 深業集
    團有限公司(“Shum Yip Group”), which is a state-owned company established in Shenzhen, the
    People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

    The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

    The interim financial information comprises the condensed consolidated statement of financial
    position as at June 30, 2024, the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss, the condensed
    consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the condensed consolidated statement of
    changes in equity and the condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six-month period
    then ended, and selected explanatory notes (the “Interim Financial Information”).

    The Interim Financial Information is presented in Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”) and all values are
    rounded to the nearest thousand (HK$’000) except when otherwise indicated.

    The Interim Financial Information was approved for issue by the Board of Directors of the Company
    on 28 August 2024 and has not been audited.
036   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 2     Basis of preparation
       2.1       The Interim Financial Information has been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
                 Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 Interim Financial Reporting.

                 The interim report should be read in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial
                 statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 (“2023 Financial
                 Statements”), which have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
                 Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements under the Hong Kong Companies
                 Ordinance, and any public announcements made by the Company during the interim
                 reporting period.

                 The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2023 that is included in the
                 Interim Financial Information as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s
                 statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that year but is derived from those
                 financial statements. Further information relating to these statutory financial statements
                 required to be disclosed in accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies
                 Ordinance (Cap. 622) is as follows:

                 (i)       The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
                           2023 to the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of
                           Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).

                 (ii)      The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s
                           report was unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor
                           drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain a
                           statement under section 406(2), 407(2) or (3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
                           (Cap. 622).
                                                               Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   037



                                              Notes to the Interim Financial Information




2   Basis of preparation (Continued)
       The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year
       and corresponding interim reporting period, except for the adoption of new and amended
       standards as set out below.


       (a) New and amended standards adopted by the Group
            The Group has applied the following amendments for the first time from 1 January
            2024:

            •     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current Liabilities
                  with Covenants – Amendments to HKAS 1;

            •     Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the Borrower of a Term
                  Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause – HK Int 5 (Revised); and

            •     Supplier Finance Arrangements – Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7;

            •     Lease liability in sale and leaseback – Amendments to HKFRS 16.

            The amendments listed above did not have any material impact on the amounts
            recognised in prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or
            future periods.


       (b) Impact of standards issued but not yet applied by the entity
            In September 2023, HKICPA amended HKAS 21 to help entities to determine whether
            a currency is exchangeable into another currency, and which spot exchange rate to
            use when it is not. These new requirements will apply for annual reporting periods
            beginning on or after 1 January 2025. The Group does not expect these amendments
            to have a material impact on its operations or financial statements.
038   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 2     Basis of preparation (Continued)
       2.2 Going concern basis
                 Due to the volatility of the property market in the PRC and the unfavourable impact on the
                 pre-sale performance during the period and subsequent to the period end date, the directors
                 of the Company have given careful consideration to the future liquidity and performance of
                 the Group and its available sources of financing in assessing whether the Group will have
                 sufficient financial resources to continue as a going concern for at least of 12 months from
                 30 June 2024.

                 The directors of the Company are of the opinion that, taking into account the anticipated
                 cash flows generated from the Group’s operations as well as the possible changes in its
                 operating performance, the Group’s plan of land acquisitions; and the continued availability of
                 the Group’s bank and other borrowings as well as the Group’s ability to raise new financing
                 under the prevailing rules and regulations, and the financial support from the ultimate holding
                 company, the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial obligations as
                 and when they fall due within the coming twelve months from 30 June 2024.

                 Accordingly, the Interim Financial Information has been prepared on a going concern basis.


 3     Accounting estimates
       The preparation of Interim Financial Information requires management to make judgements,
       estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported
       amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these
       estimates.
                                                                                       Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   039



                                                                     Notes to the Interim Financial Information




4   Financial risk management
    The Group’s major operations are mainly located in the PRC and is subject to special considerations
    and significant risks. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic
    and legal environment, influence of national authorities over pricing regulation and competition
    in the market.

    The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (mainly including currency
    risk, interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Interim Financial Information
    does not include all financial risk management information and disclosures required in the annual
    financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s 2023 financial statements.

    There have been no significant changes in the risk management department, policies and
    procedures during the interim period.


    4.1 Financial risk factors
          (a) Liquidity risk
                 The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping
                 based on the remaining period at the date of statement of financial position to the
                 contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
                 undiscounted cash flows and include interest.

                                                                                        As at 30 June 2024
                                                                          Between     Between
                                                            Less than        1 and       2 and           Over                       Carrying
                                                               1 year      2 years     3 years        3 years           Total        amount
                                                             HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000
                  Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings 17,527,983   9,480,568   5,141,391     9,903,617 42,053,559 38,433,732
                  Lease liabilities                             105,600      70,901      61,363       150,995    388,859    380,737
                  Trade payables                              4,717,135           –           –             – 4,717,135 4,717,135
                  Other payables                              6,130,674           –           –             – 6,130,674 6,130,674
                  Loans from fellow subsidiaries              2,161,286           –           –             – 2,161,286 2,136,256
                  Loans from a joint venture                    232,437           –           –             –    232,437    226,216
                  Loans from an other related company           170,161           –           –             –    170,161    167,111
                  Loans from non-controlling interests          559,329     161,795   2,567,845             – 3,288,969 2,821,481
                  Due to the immediate holding company 3,359,307            710,429           –             – 4,069,736 3,984,174
                  Due to the ultimate holding company        18,279,134           –           –             – 18,279,134 18,126,614
                                                           53,243,046 10,423,693      7,770,599 10,054,612 81,491,950 77,124,130
040   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 4     Financial risk management (Continued)
       4.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                 (a) Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2023
                                                                                      Between     Between
                                                                      Less than         1 and       2 and          Over               Carrying
                                                                         1 year        2 years     3 years      3 years       Total    amount
                                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000
                              Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings 14,923,046 10,587,032   9,461,379    4,667,051 39,638,508 39,039,102
                              Lease liabilities                             110,436     69,773      73,143      126,996    380,348    374,918
                              Trade payables                              6,047,954          –           –            – 6,047,954 6,047,954
                              Other payables                              7,033,767          –           –            – 7,033,767 7,033,767
                              Loans from fellow subsidiaries              2,097,254     97,660           –            – 2,194,914 2,134,324
                              Loans from a joint venture                    227,285          –           –            –    227,285    224,479
                              Loans from an other related company           171,734          –           –            –    171,734    171,533
                              Loans from non – controlling interests        832,145    170,244     580,686    2,192,564 3,775,639 3,209,714
                              Due to the immediate holding company 3,243,930           734,963           –            – 3,978,893 3,895,141
                              Due to the ultimate holding company 18,604,080                 –           –            – 18,604,080 17,653,750
                                                                    53,291,631 11,659,672 10,115,208          6,986,611 82,053,122 79,784,682


                           The Group had adequate financial resources to repay these debts when they become
                           due and payable.
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   041



                                                Notes to the Interim Financial Information




4   Financial risk management (Continued)
    4.2 Fair value estimation
        (a) Fair value hierarchy
            The group’s policy is to recognize transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy
            levels as at the the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the
            transfer.

            The group did not measure any financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value on
            a non-recurring basis as at 30 June 2024.

            The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by
            level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different
            levels are defined as follows:

            •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
                  The quoted prices already incorporate the market’s assumptions with respect to
                  changes in economic climate such as rising interest rates and inflation, as well
                  as changes due to Environmented, Social and Governance (“ESG”) risks (level
                  1).

            •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for
                  the assets or liabilities, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is,
                  derived from prices) (level 2).

            •     Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data
                  (that is, unobservable inputs). This is the case for unlisted equity securities
                  and for instruments where ESG risk gives rise to a significant unobservable
                  adjustment (level 3).
042   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 4     Financial risk management (Continued)
       4.2 Fair value estimation (Continued)
                 (a) Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                                                                      At 30 June 2024
                                                                         Level 1     Level 2        Level 3         Total
                                                                        HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000
                               Financial assets at fair value through
                                  profit or loss (“FVTPL”)
                               – Listed equity investments in
                                  Hong Kong                               1,039            –              –         1,039
                               – Listed equity investments in
                                  Mainland China*                        39,420            –              –        39,420
                               – Unlisted equity investments in
                                  Mainland China                              –            –        98,612         98,612
                               Financial assets at fair value through
                                  other comprehensive income
                                  (“FVOCI”)
                               – Unlisted equity investments in
                                  Mainland China                              –            –          2,351         2,351
                                                                         40,459            –       100,963        141,422


                           *         Mainland China: the People’s Republic of China, for the purpose of this interim report,
                                     excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
                                                             Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024     043



                                                Notes to the Interim Financial Information




4   Financial risk management (Continued)
    4.2 Fair value estimation (Continued)
        (a) Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                                              At 31 December 2023
                                                   Level 1     Level 2              Level 3                Total
                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000
             Financial assets at FVTPL
             – Listed equity investments in
               Hong Kong                              906              –                    –                    906
             – Listed equity investments in
               Mainland China                      32,050              –                    –             32,050
             – Unlisted equity investments in
               Mainland China                           –              –             99,315               99,315
             Financial assets at FVOCI
             – Unlisted equity investments in
               Mainland China                           –              –              2,368                 2,368
                                                   32,956              –           101,683              134,639


        (b) Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
            The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the interim period
            ended 30 June 2024 and 2023:

                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000
             At 1 January                                            101,683                           83,006
             Fair value changes of financial assets                        –                          (80,964)
             Exchange differences                                       (720)                             285
             At 30 June                                              100,963                              2,327
044   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 4     Financial risk management (Continued)
       4.2 Fair value estimation (Continued)
                 (b) Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
                           (Continued)
                           There were no transfers between the levels of the fair value hierarchy during the
                           interim period. There were also no changes made to any of the valuation techniques
                           applied as of 30 June 2024.


       4.3 Group’s valuation processes
                 The Group’s finance department performs the valuations of financial assets required for
                 financial reporting purpose, including Level 3 fair values. The financial department reports
                 directly to the executive directors. Discussions of valuation results are held between the
                 executive directors and the financial department at least once in every reporting period, in
                 line with the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates.


 5     Segment information
       The executive directors (chief operating decision-maker) assess the performance of the operating
       segments based on a measurement of operating profit. Information of segment assets and
       liabilities for the interim are not included in the reports reviewed by the executive directors. Other
       information provided to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in
       the 2023 financial statements.

       Revenues between segments are carried out on terms agreed upon by the respective parties.
       The revenue from external parties reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner
       consistent with that in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss.
                                                                                         Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   045



                                                                  Notes to the Interim Financial Information




5   Segment information (Continued)
    The segment information provided to executive directors for the reportable segments for the six
    months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                          Six months ended 30 June 2024
                                                 Property       Property   Property
                                              development    investment management Manufacturing                    Others              Total
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000                      HK$’000           HK$’000
     Revenue from contracts with
       customers
       Recognised at a point of time            1,017,626            –           5,948           182,277           116,514         1,322,365
       Recognised over time                             –            –       1,547,350                 –           311,151         1,858,501
     Revenue from other sources
       Rental income                                    –      687,852               –                   –                 –         687,852
     Total segment revenue                      1,017,626      687,852       1,553,298           182,277           427,665         3,868,718
     Inter-segment revenue                              –      (11,790)        (81,170)                –           (18,840)         (111,800)
     Revenue from external customers 1,017,626                 676,062       1,472,128           182,277           408,825         3,756,918
     Segment results before decrease in
       fair value of investment properties 25,217              263,581         134,317              6,396         (216,733)          212,778
     Losses resulted from changes in fair
       value of and transfer to investment
       properties                               –              (27,265)              –                   –                 –          (27,265)
     Segment results after decrease
        in fair value of investment
        properties                                 25,217      236,316         134,317              6,396         (216,733)          185,513
     Share of results of joint ventures and
        associates                               (436,069)     (68,324)          7,879                   –          (53,920)        (550,434)
     Other income                                                                                                                    116,476
     Other gains                                                                                                                         198
     Fair value gains of financial assets
        measured at fair value through
        profit or loss, net                                                                                                             7,764
     Corporate and other unallocated
        expenses                                                                                                                     (64,219)
     Finance costs, net                                                                                                             (641,149)
     Loss before income tax                                                                                                         (945,851)
046   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 5     Segment information (Continued)

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June 2023
                                                          Property        Property   Property
                                                      development      investment management Manufacturing           Others        Total
                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000
          Revenue from contracts with
            customers
            Recognised at a point of time                 2,946,867           –          8,103        218,160      221,446     3,394,576
            Recognised over time                                  –           –      1,482,717              –      565,724     2,048,441
          Revenue from other sources
            Rental income                                         –     709,618               –             –             –     709,618
          Total segment revenue                           2,946,867     709,618      1,490,820        218,160      787,170     6,152,635
          Inter-segment revenue                                   –     (15,910)       (67,746)             –      (11,089)      (94,745)
          Revenue from external customers 2,946,867                     693,708      1,423,074        218,160      776,081     6,057,890
          Segment results before increase in
            fair value of investment properties 798,077                 334,229        114,126          7,460      (170,447)   1,083,445
          Gains result from changes in fair
            value of and transfer to investment
            properties                                –                 276,216               –             –             –     276,216
          Segment results after increase
             in fair value of investment
             properties                                    798,077      610,445        114,126          7,460      (170,447)   1,359,661
          Share of results of joint ventures and
             associates                                    (322,789)          –           7,756             –             –     (315,033)
          Other income                                                                                                            80,830
          Other gains                                                                                                                304
          Fair value loss of financial assets
             measured at fair value through
             profit or loss, net                                                                                                 (77,557)
          Corporate and other unallocated
             expenses                                                                                                             (32,626)
          Finance costs, net                                                                                                    (494,379)
          Profit before income tax                                                                                              521,200
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   047



                                                 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




5   Segment information (Continued)
    As the Group generates substantially all of its revenues from customers domiciled in the Mainland
    China and majority of its non-current assets are located in Mainland China, no geographical
    information is presented.


6   Revenue
    Revenue, represents sale of completed properties, commercial and industrial goods, rental income,
    property management service income and others.

    Revenue from contracts with customers by major products and service lines is as follows:

                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000
     Revenue from contracts with customers
     Sales of properties                                           1,017,626                          2,946,867
     Property management service income                            1,472,128                          1,423,074
     Sales of industrial goods                                       182,277                            218,160
     Others                                                          408,825                            776,081
                                                                   3,080,856                          5,364,182
     Revenue from other sources
     Rental income                                                    676,062                            693,708
                                                                   3,756,918                          6,057,890


    No single customer contributed 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the six months
    ended 30 June 2024 and 2023.
048   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 7     Expenses by nature

                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000
          Cost of properties and inventories sold                641,072          1,887,982
          Cost of services provided                            1,841,918          2,086,641
          Employee benefit expenses                              441,525            482,959
          Write-down of properties under development and
            completed properties held for sale                   188,091            16,633
          Advertising and promotion costs                         51,787            60,317
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment           61,903            63,965
          Other taxes and levies                                  86,906            93,604
          Others                                                 280,764           303,297
          Total cost of sales and services, selling and
             distribution expenses, administrative expenses
             and other expenses                                3,593,966          4,995,398


 8     Other income

                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000
          Government grant                                        21,238            23,409
          Interest income from loans to joint ventures and
             a non-controlling interest                           82,140            42,625
          Compensation income                                      5,846             7,170
          Dividend income from financial asset at FVTPL               70                72
          Others                                                   7,182             7,554
                                                                 116,476            80,830
                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   049



                                                    Notes to the Interim Financial Information




9   Other gains

                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000
     Net gains on disposal of property, plant and
       equipment                                                             198                                304


10 Finance costs – net

                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000
     Finance income:
     – Interest income from bank deposits                             (81,101)                           (84,997)
     Finance costs:
     – Interest expenses of bank loans                               745,010                            672,059
     – Interest expenses of other borrowings                         142,757                            223,136
     – Lease liabilities                                              10,988                              8,067
     – Loans from the ultimate holding company                       377,150                            280,452
     – Loans from the immediate holding company                       96,972                             56,612
     – Loans from fellow subsidiaries                                 32,399                             29,793
     – Loans from a joint venture                                      3,339                              2,218
     – Loans from an other related company                             2,886                              3,118
     – Loans from non-controlling interests                           79,971                            331,828
                                                                  1,491,472                          1,607,283
     Less: amounts capitalised on qualifying assets                (769,222)                        (1,027,907)
                                                                     722,250                            579,376
     Finance costs – net                                             641,149                            494,379


    Finance costs have been capitalised on qualifying assets at average rate of 3.66% for the six
    months ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2023: 4.31%).
050   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 11 Income tax expenses

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000
          Current income tax
          – Mainland China CIT                                           110,938                371,248
          – LAT in Mainland China                                        129,434                295,917
                                                                         240,372                667,165
          Deferred income tax
          – Mainland China CIT                                           (40,895)               (73,601)
          – Withholding tax on dividend                                     (711)                25,457
          – LAT in Mainland China                                         (2,755)               (61,804)
                                                                         (44,361)              (109,948)
          Total                                                          196,011                557,217


       The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for the six months ended 30 June 2024 is calculated
       at 16.5% (six months ended 30 June 2023: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable profits for the
       interim period. No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax was made as the Group has no assessable
       profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six months
       ended 30 June 2023: nil).

       No provision for taxation has been recognised for companies incorporated in the British Virgin
       Islands (“BVI”), as they are not subject to any tax for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six
       months ended 30 June 2023: nil).

       Under the relevant income tax law, the Mainland China subsidiaries are subject to corporate income
       tax (“CIT”) at a statutory rate of 25% on their respective taxable income during the interim period.

       Land appreciation tax (“LAT”) is levied at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on
       the appreciation of land value, being the proceeds from sale of properties less deductible
       expenditures including amortisation of land use rights, borrowing costs and all property development
       expenditures.
                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   051



                                                  Notes to the Interim Financial Information




11 Income tax expenses (Continued)
   Dividend withholding income tax

   Pursuant to the Detailed Implementation Regulations for Implementation of the Corporate Income
   Tax Law, dividends distributed from the profits generated by the PRC companies after 1 January
   2008 to their foreign investors shall be subject to a withholding income tax of 10%. A lower 5%
   withholding tax rate may be applied when the immediate holding companies of the PRC subsidiaries
   are qualified as tax residents of Hong Kong according to the tax treat arrangements between the
   PRC and Hong Kong.

   During the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, deferred income tax liabilities had been
   recognised for the withholding tax that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain
   subsidiaries in the PRC, as these earnings are expected to be distributed by the PRC subsidiaries
   and would be remitted to their overseas holding companies in the foreseeable future.


12 Losses per share
   Basic losses per share are calculated by dividing the loss attributable to the owners of the Company
   by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the interim period.

                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2024               2023
    Loss attributable to the owners of the Company
      (HK$’000)                                                   (1,101,144)                            (116,615)
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
      issue                                                   8,898,793,115                     8,898,793,115


   For the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, the effect of conversion of share option scheme
   (note 26) were anti-dilutive and the diluted losses per share for the interim period is therefore
   equal to the basic losses per share.
052   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 13 Dividends

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000
          Dividends recognised as distribution during the
             period:
          Final dividend declared for 2023 – HK7 cents
             per share (six months ended 30 June 2023:
             declared for 2022 final dividend – HK12 cents
             per share) (a)
          Cash                                                            622,916            1,067,855
          Dividend declared in respect of current period:
          Interim dividend for 2024 – nil (interim dividend
             for 2023: HK2 cents per share) (b)                                  –             177,976


       (a)       The Company declared a final dividend of HK7.00 cents per share in respect of year ended
                 31 December 2023 amounted to approximately HK$622,916,000. The final dividend has
                 been paid in cash on 8 July 2024.

                 The Company declared a final dividend of HK12.00 cents per share in respect of year ended
                 31 December 2022 amounted to approximately HK$1,067,855,000. The final dividend has
                 been paid in cash on 5 July 2023.

       (b)       On 28 August 2024, the board of Directors has resolved not to declare the payment of any
                 interim dividends for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2023:
                 HK$177,976,000).
                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   053



                                                 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties

                                                           Property, plant                         Investment
                                                           and equipment                            properties
                                                                 HK$’000                              HK$’000
    Six months ended 30 June 2024
    At 1 January 2024                                             6,181,723                        33,450,507
    Additions                                                       189,020                           112,384
    Transfer from properties under development                      354,915                                 –
    Derecognition of right-of-use assets                             (1,830)                                –
    Fair value changes                                                    –                           (27,265)
    Other decreases                                                  (2,079)                                –
    Depreciation                                                   (211,588)                                –
    Exchange differences                                            (58,739)                         (236,317)
    At 30 June 2024                                               6,451,422                        33,299,309


   The Group’s investment properties are located in Mainland China and are held under medium
   lease terms. The Group’s investment properties were revalued at 30 June 2024 based on valuation
   performed by Jones Lang LaSalle Corporate Appraisal and Advisory Limited (“JLL”), an independent,
   professionally qualified valuation firm.
054   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties
    (Continued)
       The Group’s investment properties are all at Level 3 valuation. The Group’s property managers and
       the general manager of financial management department have discussion with the surveyors on
       the valuation assumptions and valuation results when the valuation is performed at each reporting
       date.

       Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of
       investment properties:

                                                                    Significant
                                              Valuation technique   unobservable inputs            Range
          Investment properties – Income capitalisation             Vacancy rate                   3% – 20%
            commercial properties   method                                                           (31 December 2023:
            and others                                                                               3% – 20 %)
                                                                    Capitalisation rate            3% – 7%
                                                                                                     (31 December 2023:
                                                                                                     3% – 7%)
                                                                    Monthly rental                 18 – 443
                                                                      (RMB/square meter/month)       (31 December 2023:
                                                                                                     18 – 425)
                                              Residual method       Vacancy rate                   5% – 15%
                                                                                                     (31 December 2023:
                                                                                                     5% – 15%)
                                                                    Capitalisation rate            3% – 6%
                                                                                                     (31 December 2023:
                                                                                                     3% – 6%)
                                                                    Monthly rental                 30 – 200
                                                                      (RMB/square meter/month)       (31 December 2023:
                                                                                                     30 – 200)
                                                                    Estimated developer’s profit   5% – 8%
                                                                      margins                        (31 December 2023:
                                                                                                     6% – 8%)
                                                                     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   055



                                                    Notes to the Interim Financial Information




14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties
   (Continued)

                                                     Significant
                            Valuation technique      unobservable inputs                    Range
    Investment properties   Income capitalisation    Vacancy rate                           5% – 25%
    – car parking space       method                                                          (31 December 2023:
                                                                                              5% – 25%)
                                                     Capitalisation rate                    4%
                                                                                              (31 December 2023:
                                                                                              4%)
                                                     Monthly rental                         295 – 850
                                                        (RMB per car parking                  (31 December 2023:
                                                       spaces per month)                      295 – 850)
                            Residual method          Vacancy rate                           20% – 25%
                                                                                              (31 December 2023:
                                                                                              20% – 25%)
                                                     Capitalisation rate                    4%
                                                                                              (31 December 2023:
                                                                                              3% – 4%)
                                                     Monthly rental                         250 – 300
                                                       (RMB/square meter/month)               (31 December 2023:
                                                                                              250 – 300)
                                                     Estimated developer’s profit           5% – 8%
                                                       margins                                (31 December 2023:
                                                                                              6% – 8%)
056   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties
    (Continued)
       The fair value of the Group’s investment properties in the Mainland China is determined using
       income capitalisation method and residual method.

       Fair value of completed investment properties for commercial, residential and carparks is generally
       derived using the income capitalisation method which determines fair values by discounting the
       projected cash flows associated with the properties using capitalisation rates. The valuation takes
       into account expected market rental growth and vacancy rate of the respective properties. The
       discount rates used have been adjusted for the quality and location of the buildings and the tenant
       credit quality. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to the expected market rental
       growth, and negatively correlated to the vacancy rate and the capitalisation rate.

       Fair value of commercial properties and carparks under development is generally derived using the
       residual method which takes into account the residual value of the gross development value (“GDV”)
       after deduction of the outstanding construction costs and expenses as well as profit element. It
       involves firstly the assessment of the aggregate GDV of the proposed development, as if completed,
       as at the valuation date. Estimated costs of the proposed development include construction costs,
       marketing expense, professional fee, finance charges and associated costs, plus an allowance for
       the developer’s risk and profit. The outstanding development costs are then deducted from the
       GDV and the resultant figure is the residual value of the subject property.

       Certificates of ownership in respect of certain investment properties of the Group with a net
       carrying amount of approximately HK$2,308,904,000 as at 30 June 2024 (31 December 2023:
       HK$4,200,362,000) have not yet been issued by the relevant PRC authorities. The Group is in the
       process of obtaining the relevant certificates.

       As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s plant, property and equipment and investment properties with a
       net carrying amount of HK$1,049,000 and HK$10,691,231,000 respectively (31 December 2023:
       HK$1,074,000 and HK$7,119,481,000) were pledged to secure certain bank loans granted to
       the Group (note 24(a)).
                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   057



                                                Notes to the Interim Financial Information




15 Leases
   (a)   Amounts recognised in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position

         The condensed consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts
         relating to leases:

                                                                    30 June                      31 December
                                                                       2024                             2023
                                                                    HK$’000                          HK$’000
          Right-of-use assets
          Buildings                                                  292,391                            288,287
          Lease liabilities
          Current                                                    100,547                            105,488
          Non-current                                                280,190                            269,430
                                                                     380,737                            374,918


         Additions to the right-of-use assets during the interim period were HK$62,980,000 (six
         months ended 30 June 2023: HK$117,600,000).

   (b)   Amounts recognised in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss

         Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets during the interim period was HK$54,325,000 (six
         months ended 30 June 2023: HK$35,195,000). Expenses relating to short-term leases and
         low-value assets was HK$12,727,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$12,828,000)
         and HK$1,352,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$1,020,000) respectively.

         The total cash outflow for leases during the interim period was HK$52,682,000 (six months
         ended 30 June 2023: HK$50,884,000).
058   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 16 Investments in joint ventures

                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000
          At 1 January                                         8,735,858           8,836,242
          Additions                                               34,481             168,567
          Share of results                                      (279,296)             14,240
          Exchange differences                                   (57,423)           (214,851)
          At 30 June                                           8,433,620           8,804,198


       As at 30 June 2024, the Group had an outstanding capital commitment to Shum King Company
       Limited (“Shum King”) (note 27).


 17 Investments in associates

                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000
          At 1 January                                         4,545,599           5,610,595
          Additions                                                    –               10,629
          Dividends                                                    –                (8,021)
          Share of results                                      (271,138)           (329,273)
          Share of other comprehensive income                   (117,511)             (45,293)
          Exchange differences                                    (2,204)               (4,609)
          At 30 June                                           4,154,746           5,234,028
                                                            Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   059



                                                Notes to the Interim Financial Information




18 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                30 June                      31 December
                                                                   2024                             2023
                                                                HK$’000                          HK$’000
     Non-current:
     Financial assets measured at FVTPL
     – Listed equity investments in Mainland China                 39,420                             32,050
     – Unlisted equity investments in Mainland China               98,612                             99,315
                                                                 138,032                            131,365
     Current:
     Financial assets measured at FVTPL
     – Listed equity investments in Hong Kong                        1,039                                  906


19 Trade and other receivables

                                                                30 June                      31 December
                                                                   2024                             2023
                                                                HK$’000                          HK$’000
     Included in non-current assets
     – Other receivables – net                                     30,665                           277,026
     Included in current assets
     – Trade receivables – net (a)                            1,595,072                          2,263,251
     – Other receivables – net (b)                            9,246,575                          7,944,492
     – Prepayments (c)                                        1,443,838                          1,457,637
                                                            12,285,485                         11,665,380
060   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 19 Trade and other receivables (Continued)
       (a)       Details of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                           30 June           31 December
                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                           HK$’000               HK$’000
                    Trade receivables                                     1,778,972             2,433,697
                    Less: provision for loss allowance                     (183,900)             (170,446)
                    Trade receivables – net                               1,595,072             2,263,251


                 The Group normally does not grant any credit terms to its customers for the sale of
                 properties. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. In
                 view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large
                 number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The
                 Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable
                 balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

                 As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s trade receivables with a net carrying value of approximately
                 HK$42,096,000 (31 December 2023: HK$40,116,000) was pledged to secure other
                 borrowings granted to the Group (note 24(a)).

                 An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on
                 the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                           30 June           31 December
                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                           HK$’000               HK$’000
                    Within 1 year                                           943,312             2,130,418
                    1 to 2 years                                            671,285               144,633
                    2 to 3 years                                             44,329                22,246
                    Over 3 years                                            120,046               136,400
                                                                          1,778,972             2,433,697
                                                                      Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   061



                                                      Notes to the Interim Financial Information




19 Trade and other receivables (Continued)
   (b)   Details of other receivables are as follows:

                                                                          30 June                      31 December
                                                                             2024                             2023
                                                                          HK$’000                          HK$’000
               Prepaid tax                                              4,156,005                          3,436,714
               Due from joint ventures                                  1,904,630                          1,589,468
               Due from non-controlling interests                         509,377                            511,296
               Due from the ultimate holding company                       32,612                             39,124
               Due from the immediate holding company                       1,160                              9,364
               Others (i)                                               2,996,166                          2,687,877
                                                                        9,599,950                          8,273,843
               Less: allowance for impairment                            (353,375)                          (329,351)
               Other receivables – net                                  9,246,575                          7,944,492


         (i)       Others mainly included deposits, dividends receivable and current amounts due from fellow
                   subsidiaries of the Group.


   (c)   Details of prepayments are as follows:

                                                                          30 June                      31 December
                                                                             2024                             2023
                                                                          HK$’000                          HK$’000
               For acquisitions of land                                 1,284,002                          1,293,142
               For construction costs and construction
                 materials                                                   88,364                           120,134
               Others                                                        71,472                            44,361
                                                                        1,443,838                          1,457,637
062   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 20 Properties under development

                                                                         30 June           31 December
                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000
          Construction costs                                          17,068,051            13,164,210
          Land costs                                                  55,419,507            57,596,861
          Less: write-down                                              (311,408)             (197,996)
                                                                      72,176,150            70,563,075


       During the interim period, the write-down of properties under development located in Mainland
       China of HK$114,812,000 was recognised in the Group’s condensed consolidated statement of
       profit or loss due to the decrease in the estimated net realisable value of certain properties under
       development.

       As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s properties under development with a net carrying amount of
       HK$4,176,099,000 (31 December 2023: HK$4,529,724,000) were pledged to secure certain bank
       loans granted to the Group (note 24(a)).


 21 Completed properties held for sale

                                                                         30 June           31 December
                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000
          Completed properties held for sale                          20,618,563            19,949,310
          Less: write-down                                              (262,820)             (204,510)
                                                                      20,355,743            19,744,800


       During the interim period, the write-down of completed properties held for sale located in Mainland
       China of HK$73,279,000 was recognised in the Group’s condensed consolidated statement of
       profit or loss.

       As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s completed properties held for sale with a net carrying amount
       of HK$256,608,000 were pledged to secure certain bank loans granted to the Group (note 24(a)).
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   063



                                                 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




22 Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                     30 June                      31 December
                                                                        2024                             2023
                                                                     HK$’000                          HK$’000
     Cash and bank balances                                      11,058,728                         14,443,229
     Less: restricted cash (a)                                    (3,389,360)                        (3,340,931)
           bank deposits (b)                                         (36,158)                            (48,440)
     Cash and cash equivalents                                     7,633,210                        11,053,858


   As at 30 June 2024, cash and cash equivalents did not include housing maintenance funds of
   HK$58,676,000 (31 December 2023: HK$58,417,000) which were owned by the property owners
   but were deposited in the bank accounts in the name of the Group. Such deposits can be used by
   the Group for the purpose of public maintenance expenditures to be incurred at the sole discretion
   and approval of the relevant government authorities.

   (a)   Restricted cash mainly represented unreleased guarantee deposits for construction of
         pre-sale properties denominated in RMB placed in designated bank accounts as at 30 June
         2024, and will be released in accordance with certain construction progress milestones.

   (b)   These bank deposits were with original maturity over three months. The effective interest rate
         of these deposits as at 30 June 2024 was 3.67% per annum (31 December 2023: 3.18%
         per annum).
064   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 23 Share capital and reserves
       (a)       Share capital

                                                                         30 June           31 December
                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000
                    Issued and fully paid:
                    8,898,793,115 (31 December 2023:
                       8,898,793,115) ordinary shares                 22,071,756            22,071,756


       (b)       Reserves

                 The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current period are
                 set out in the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity.


 24 Bank and other borrowings

                                                                         30 June           31 December
                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000
          Non-current
          Bank loans – secured (a)                                       575,461               718,369
          Bank loans – unsecured                                      18,149,273            20,186,326
          Other borrowings – secured CMBS (a)                          3,894,892             3,992,804
                                                                      22,619,626            24,897,499
          Current
          Bank loans – secured (a)                                       587,099               434,530
          Bank loans – unsecured                                      11,629,285            10,104,577
          Other borrowings – secured CMBS (a)                          3,597,722             3,602,496
                                                                      15,814,106            14,141,603
                                                                      38,433,732            39,039,102


       All of the non-current interest-bearing borrowings are carried at amortised cost.

       The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the interim
       period.
                                                             Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   065



                                               Notes to the Interim Financial Information




24 Bank and other borrowings (Continued)
   (a)   At 30 June 2024, loans amounting to approximately HK$8,655,174,000 (31 December 2023:
         HK$8,748,199,000) were secured by certain of the Group’s assets with carrying amounts
         as below:

                                                                  Carrying Amount
                                                                 30 June       31 December
                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000
          Plant, property and equipment
             (included land and buildings) (note 14)              1,049                               1,074
          Properties under development (note 20)              4,176,099                           4,529,724
          Completed properties held for sale (note 21)          256,608                                   –
          Trade receivables (note 19)                            42,096                              40,116
          Investment properties (note 14)                    10,691,231                           7,119,481
                                                             15,167,083                         11,690,395


   (b)   At 30 June 2024, bank borrowings of approximately HK$25,860,494,000 (31 December
         2023: HK$25,413,309,000) were bearing floating rates.

   (c)   Except for the bank borrowings equivalent to approximately HK$15,447,037,000 (31
         December 2023: HK$15,708,478,000), which are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, all
         other borrowings as at 30 June 2024 are denominated in RMB.

   (d)   For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the average effective interest rate of the bank
         and other borrowings was 4.40% per annum (six months ended 30 June 2023: 4.15% per
         annum).
066   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 25 Trade and other payables

                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000
          Trade payables (a)                                            4,717,135            6,047,954
          Other payables and accruals (b)                              15,962,939           16,482,215
          Other taxes payables                                            148,516              272,271
                                                                       20,828,590           22,802,440


       (a)       Trade payables

                 The ageing analysis of the trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000
                    Within 1 year                                       3,840,137             5,134,335
                    1 to 2 years                                          489,310               438,086
                    2 to 3 years                                           68,751               319,905
                    Over 3 years                                          318,937               155,628
                                                                        4,717,135             6,047,954
                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   067



                                                  Notes to the Interim Financial Information




25 Trade and other payables (Continued)
   (b)   Other payables and accruals

         Other payables and accruals mainly included deposits from property buyers and loans due
         to joint ventures, fellow subsidiaries and non-controlling interests of the Group.

                                                                    30 June                      31 December
                                                                       2024                             2023
                                                                    HK$’000                          HK$’000
           Accruals and other payables                          10,611,875                         10,742,165
           Loans from a joint venture                              226,216                            224,479
           Loans from fellow subsidiaries                        2,136,256                          2,134,324
           Loans from an other related party                       167,111                            171,533
           Loans from non-controlling interests                  2,821,481                          3,209,714
                                                                15,962,939                         16,482,215


         The relevant terms of the loans for the interim period are disclosed in note 29.


26 Share option scheme
   The Company operated a share option scheme (the “Scheme”) which was approved and adopted on
   22 June 2012 for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to directors and employees of
   the Group who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. The Scheme became effective
   on 22 June 2012 and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended, shall be valid and effective for a
   period of 10 years from that date, after which period no further options will be issued but in all
   other respects the provisions of the Scheme shall remain in full force and effect.
068   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 26 Share option scheme (Continued)
       (a)       Share options outstanding at the end of the reporting period

                 The terms and conditions of the share options outstanding as at the end of the reporting
                 period are as follows:

                                                                                                           Contractual
                                                            Number of   Exercise     Vesting      Expiry        life of
                                                          instruments      price        date        date       options
                    At 30 June 2024
                    Options granted to employees:
                    – on 28 September 2021                  2,064,000       2.00   2022-1-18   2025-1-17          0.33
                    – on 28 September 2021                  1,548,000       2.00   2023-1-18   2025-1-17          1.33
                    – on 28 September 2021                  1,548,000       2.00   2024-1-18   2025-1-17          2.33

                    Options granted to employees:
                    – on 28 September 2021                   988,000        2.00   2022-9-28   2025-9-27          1.00
                    – on 28 September 2021                   741,000        2.00   2023-9-28   2025-9-27          2.00
                    – on 28 September 2021                   741,000        2.00   2024-9-28   2025-9-27          3.00
                    Total outstanding share options         7,630,000


                 At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 7,630,000 share options outstanding
                 under the Scheme, representing approximately 0.09% of the Company’s shares in issue as
                 at that date.

                 The exercise in full of the outstanding share options would, under the present capital
                 structure of the Company, result in the issue of 7,630,000 additional ordinary shares of the
                 Company and an increase in share capital and reserve of HK$16,696,000.
                                                                   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   069



                                                 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




26 Share option scheme (Continued)
   (b)   Share options movement during the interim period

         The number and weighted average exercise price of share options under the Scheme are
         as follows:

                                                  30 June                                    30 June
                                                   2024                                       2023
                                          Weighted                               Weighted
                                            average                                average
                                      exercise price          Number         exercise price                    Number
                                      HK$ per share         of options       HK$ per share                   of options
           At 1 January                      2.0000         7,630,000                 2.0000               7,630,000
           Lapsed during the period               –                 –                      –                       –
           At 30 June                        2.0000         7,630,000                 2.0000               7,630,000
           Exercisable at the end
             of the period                   2.0000         6,889,000                 2.0000               4,600,000


         The options outstanding at 30 June 2024 had an exercise price of HK$2.0000 (six months
         ended 30 June 2023: HK$2.0000) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of
         0.78 years (six months ended 30 June 2023: 1.78 years).

         (i)    The Group recognised a share option expense of HK$27,000 during the six months
                ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$129,000).
070   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 27 Commitments
       Commitments outstanding at 30 June 2024 not provided for in the interim financial report were
       as follows:

                                                                    30 June          31 December
                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000
          Commitments in respect of the acquisition of
            land and buildings, and development costs
            attributable to properties under development:
            Contracted, but not provided for                     12,109,797           12,313,696


       The Group agreed a maximum capital contribution to a related party, Shum King, of
       HK$3,000,000,000 for its development of a piece of land in Hong Kong. As at 30 June 2024, the
       Group had an outstanding capital commitment to Shum King of HK$1,562,500,000 (31 December
       2023: HK$1,562,500,000).


 28 Financial guarantees

                                                                    30 June          31 December
                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000
          Financial guarantees
          – to the mortgage of purchasers of the Group’s
             properties (a)                                      12,059,214           12,778,057
          – to related parties of the Group (b)                   1,626,419            1,938,357
          – to the parties affected by the urban renewal
             project, using their demolished properties as
             collateral for the loan (c)                            334,057               282,139
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   071



                                                 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




28 Financial guarantees (Continued)
   (a)   Pursuant to the terms of the guarantees, if there is default of the mortgage payments by these
         purchasers, the Group is responsible for repaying the outstanding mortgage loans together
         with any accrued interest and penalty owed by the defaulted purchasers to banks. The Group
         is then entitled to take over the legal title of the related properties. The Group’s guarantee
         period commences from the date of grant of the relevant mortgage loan and ends after the
         buyer of the Group’s properties obtained the individual property ownership certificate.

         The directors consider that in case of default in payments, the net realizable value of the
         related properties can cover the repayment of the outstanding mortgage loans together with
         any accrued interest and penalty and therefore no provision has been made in connection
         with the guarantees.

   (b)   As at 30 June 2024, the Group has given guarantees amounted to HK$1,626,419,000
         (31 December 2023: HK$1,938,357,000) in respect of bank loans and other borrowings
         to Guangzhou Pik Zeon Real Estate Development Company Limited, Taizhou Shum Yip
         Investment Development Limited and Shum King, all of which are joint ventures of the Group.

   (c)   During the interim period, the Group provided loan guarantees to the parties affected by the
         urban renewal project, using their demolished properties as collateral for the loan.

         Pursuant to the terms of the guarantees, if there is default on repayment by these affected
         parties, the Group is responsible for repaying the outstanding bank loans with any accrued
         interest and penalties owed to the bank. The group is then entitled to take over the legal
         ownership of the repossessed properties. The Group’s guarantee period extends from the date
         of signing the guarantee contract until the affected parties obtain the ownership certificate
         of the repossessed properties.

         The directors consider that in case of default in payment, the net realizable value of the
         related properties is sufficient to repay the outstanding loans along with any accrued
         interest and penalties, and therefore no provisions have been made in connection with the
         guarantees.
072   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 29 Related-party transactions
       In addition to the financial guarantees provided to joint ventures disclosed in note 28(b) and the
       capital commitments provided to a joint venture disclosed in note 27, the Group had the following
       significant related party transactions:

       (a)       Financing arrangements
                 (i)   The Group entered certain financing arrangements with its related parties, as follows:

                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000
                              Loans from the ultimate holding company       17,363,740         15,889,902
                              Loans from the immediate holding company       3,246,786          3,250,651
                              Loans from non-controlling interests           2,821,481          3,209,714
                              Loans from fellow subsidiaries                 2,136,256          2,134,324
                              Loans from a joint venture                       226,216            224,479
                              Loans from an other related company              167,111            171,533
                                                                            25,961,590         24,880,603


                           Except for balances of HK$108,591,000, which are interest-free (31 December 2023:
                           HK$109,364,000), the remaining balances bear interests at rates ranging from 2.30%
                           to 6.65% per annum (31 December 2023: 2.50% to 6.65% per annum). The relevant
                           finance costs for the interim period are disclosed in note 10.
                                                               Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   073



                                                Notes to the Interim Financial Information




29 Related-party transactions (Continued)
   (a)   Financing arrangements (Continued)
         (ii) The Group had provided loans to its related parties, as follows:

                                                                   30 June                      31 December
                                                                      2024                             2023
                                                                   HK$’000                          HK$’000
                Loans to joint ventures                          1,865,112                          1,546,522
                Loans to non-controlling interests                 504,923                            459,465
                                                                 2,370,035                          2,005,987


                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000
                Interest income from joint ventures                   76,412                             36,823
                Interest income from non-controlling
                   interests                                            5,728                               5,802
                                                                      82,140                             42,625


               The balances are interest bearing at rates ranging from 3.5% to 8.0% per annum (six
               months ended 30 June 2023: from 3.5% to 8.0% per annum).
074   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 29 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       (b)       Leasing arrangements
                 (i)   The Group entered into leases in respect of certain leasehold properties from its
                       related parties, with lease terms ranging from 1 year to 3 years. During the six months
                       ended 30 June 2024, the amounts of rent payable by the Group under these leases
                       to its ultimate holding company, immediate holding company and associate were
                       HK$3,790,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$1,291,000), HK$2,667,000
                       (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$5,231,000) and HK$12,624,000 (six months
                       ended 30 June 2023: HK$13,745,000) respectively. The related interest expenses
                       from its ultimate holding company, immediate holding company and associate for the
                       six months ended 30 June 2024 were HK$172,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023:
                       HK$104,000), nil (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$14,000) and HK$325,000 (six
                       months ended 30 June 2023: HK$335,000) respectively.

                 (ii)      The Group also entered into lease arrangements with its ultimate holding company
                           as a lessor. For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the rental income in respect
                           of the lease arrangement was HK$3,543,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023:
                           HK$4,953,000).

                 (iii)     The prices for the above transactions were determined based on mutual agreement
                           between the parties.
                                                                     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   075



                                                    Notes to the Interim Financial Information




29 Related-party transactions (Continued)
   (c)   Other related party transactions
         (i)   The Group entered into arrangements with its ultimate holding company and
               fellow subsidiaries in which the Group provides management services (training and
               property management) on their behalf. For the six months ended 30 June 2024,
               the management fee income in respect of the management services provided to
               the ultimate holding company and fellow subsidiaries were HK$2,014,000 and
               HK$16,033,000 respectively (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$2,846,000 and
               HK$3,351,000).

         (ii)    The Group entered into arrangements with its ultimate holding company in which the
                 Group provides management services on its behalf in respect of certain agricultural
                 lands and property development projects. For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the
                 management fee income in respect of these management services was HK$75,000
                 (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$80,000).

         (iii)   The Group entered into the Development and Construction Services Agreement with
                 the parent of its non-controlling interest. The parent of its non-controlling interest will
                 provide development, construction, marketing and other services to the Group. The
                 service fee shall be determined and accrued and payable by the Group to the parent
                 of its non-controlling interest. For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the cost in
                 respect of these services was HK$69,970,000, included value-added tax (six months
                 ended 30 June 2023: HK$106,371,000).
076   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




 29 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       (c)       Other related party transactions (Continued)
                 (iv) The Group entered into the Digital Platform Development Agreements and the Digital
                       Platform Repair and Maintenance Services Agreements with its ultimate holding
                       company, fellow subsidiaries and a joint venture for the provision of services of
                       development and maintenance of digital platforms and systems. For the six months
                       ended 30 June 2024, the service fee income in respect of the development and
                       maintenance services provided to the ultimate holding company, fellow subsidiaries
                       and a joint venture were HK$141,000, HK$871,000 and HK$189,000 respectively (six
                       months ended 30 June 2023: HK$2,852,000, HK$3,485,000 and HK$193,000).

                 (v)       During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group provided development and
                           construction services to the subsidiaries of its joint venture, Tian An Cyber Park (Group)
                           Co., Ltd, the relevant revenue earned is HK$12,671,000 (six months ended 30 June
                           2023: HK$43,823,000).

                 (vi)      The prices for the above mentioned transactions with related parties were determined
                           based on mutual agreement between the parties.
                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   077



                                                 Notes to the Interim Financial Information




29 Related-party transactions (Continued)
   (d)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000
           Short term employee benefits                                  5,873                            16,711
           Post-employment benefits                                      1,249                             2,102
           Share-based payments                                             27                               129
           Total compensation paid to key
              management personnel                                       7,149                            18,942


30 Contingencies
   On 3 January 2024, Chengdu Fengze Investment Co., Ltd and Shum Yip Terra (Holdings) Company
   Limited, both being non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group received a statement of claim from
   the Intermediate People’s Court of Chengdu City regarding the claims by Sichuan Haofu Industrial
   Co., Ltd. (the “Litigation”) regarding the disputes in earnings distribution over the investment
   of “198” Congshu Area in Chenghua district, Chengdu, with a claims amount of approximately
   RMB220 million. On 14 July 2024, the Claimant filed an application to the Intermediate People’s
   Court of Chengdu City for the withdrawal of the litigation, and the Intermediate People’s Court of
   Chengdu City issued a ruling allowing the Claimant to withdraw the litigation on 26 July 2024.


31 Subsequent events after the reporting period
   There have been no material subsequent events except for the declaration of interim dividend
   (note 13).
078   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Disclosure of Interests


 Directors’ Interests in Shares
 As at 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of the directors and chief executives of the Company
 in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and any associated corporations (within
 the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which were notified to the
 Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7
 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which were taken or deemed to have
 under such provisions of SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept under Section
 352 of the SFO or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
 to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) adopted
 by the Company were as follows:–


 Long positions in the shares (“Shares”) and underlying shares of
 the Company:

                                                                                          Percentage of
  Name of director                            Capacity           Number of Shares        Shares in issue
                                                                                                   (Note)
  LU Hua                                      Beneficial owner          1,154,562                   0.01

  LI Wai Keung                                Beneficial owner          1,180,880                   0.01


 Note: The percentage was calculated based on 8,898,793,115 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.
                                                                     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   079



                                                                                  Disclosure of Interests




Save as disclosed above, none of the directors and chief executive of the Company had, as at 30 June
2024, any interests or short positions in any Shares and underlying shares or debentures of the Company
or any of its associated corporations (which is the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have
to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including interests or short positions which were taken or deemed to have under such provisions
of SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352
of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code.

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party
to any arrangement to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition
of Shares in, or debt securities (including debentures) of, the Company or its associated corporations and
none of the directors, or their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any rights to subscribe for
equity or debt securities of the Company or its associated corporations, or had exercised any such rights.


Interests of Substantial Shareholders
So far as is known to any director or chief executive of the Company, as at 30 June 2024, the interests
and short positions of the shareholders (other than directors or chief executives of the Company) who
had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company which would fall to
be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which
were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO,
were as follows:
080      Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Disclosure of Interests




                                                                                             Number of Shares            Percentage
                                                                                                                          of Shares
      Name                                                   Capacity                 Long Position     Short Position      in issue
                                                                                                                             (Note 1)
      Shum Yip Group Limited* (“SYG”)                        Interest in controlled   5,622,994,189                 –          63.19
                                                                corporation                  (Note 2)

      Shum Yip Holdings Company Limited                      Beneficial owner         5,546,307,730                －           62.33
        (“SYH”)

                                                             Interest in controlled      76,686,459                －            0.86
                                                                corporation                  (Note 3)

      ALPHA-OMEGA CORPORATION                                Beneficial owner          981,486,312                 －           11.03


 Notes:

 1.       The percentage was calculated based on 8,898,793,115 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2024.

 2.       SYG is deemed to be interested in the 5,622,994,189 Shares which SYH is interested in by virtue of SYH being
          its direct 90%-owned subsidiary.

 3.       These 76,686,459 Shares were held by Goldclass Industrial Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Successful
          Years Holdings Limited, which in turn is wholly-owned by Shum Yip Finance Company Limited (“SYF”). SYF is a
          wholly-owned subsidiary of SYH and accordingly, SYH is deemed to be interested in these 76,686,459 Shares.

 *        The English translation is for identification purpose only


 Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, the Company had not been notified by any person (other
 than directors and chief executives of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares
 and underlying shares of the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO,
 or which were recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.
                                                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024      081



                                                                                                        Other Information


Share Option Scheme
The Company adopted a share option scheme on 22 June 2012 (“Old Share Option Scheme”), which had
expired on 19 June 2022. No further options may be granted under the Old Share Option Scheme but
all options granted and outstanding thereunder shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance
with their terms of grant. As at 30 June 2024, 7,630,000 options granted under the Old Share Option
Scheme were still outstanding.

The Company adopted a new share option scheme on 31 May 2022 (“Share Option Scheme”). No options
have been granted under the Share Option Scheme since its adoption.

The particulars of, and movements in, the outstanding share options granted under the Old Share Option
Scheme during the period are set out below:

                         As at 1 January 2024                       Movements during the period                          As at 30 June 2024
                                     Exercise                                                                                       Exercise
 Name/ Outstanding                    period/                Share    Share           Share    Share Outstanding                     period/
 Categories  Share        Date of     Vesting   Exercise   Options Options          Options Options        Share        Date of      Vesting     Exercise
 of grantee Options        grant       period      Price   granted exercised         lapsed cancelled    Options         grant        period        Price
 Employee 5,160,000 28/9/2021 18/1/2022 –           2.00        –            –            –         –      5,160,000 28/9/2021 18/1/2022 –            2.00
 participants                     17/1/2025*                                                                                   17/1/2025*
              2,470,000 28/9/2021 28/9/2022 –       2.00        –            –            –         –      2,470,000 28/9/2021 28/9/2022 –            2.00
                                  27/9/2025**                                                                                  27/9/2025**
 Total       7,630,000                                          –            –            –         –      7,630,000
082   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Other Information




 *     Options are exercisable subject to performance review and the following vesting term:

          Maximum percentage (and the
          corresponding number) of Share
          Option exercisable (including Share             Exercise period of the relevant percentage of the
          Options previous exercised)                     Share Option
          40% (2,064,000 Share Options)                   at any time from 18 January 2022 to 17 January 2023
          70% (3,612,000 Share Options)                   at any time from 18 January 2023 to 17 January 2024
          100% (5,160,000 Share Options)                  at any time from 18 January 2024 to 17 January 2025


 **    Options are exercisable subject to performance review and the following vesting term:

          Maximum percentage (and the
          corresponding number) of Share
          Option exercisable (including Share             Exercise period of the relevant percentage of the
          Options previous exercised)                     Share Option
          40% (988,000 Share Options)                     at any time from 28 September 2022 to 27 September 2023
          70% (1,729,000 Share Options)                   at any time from 28 September 2023 to 27 September 2024
          100% (2,470,000 Share Options)                  at any time from 28 September 2024 to 27 September 2025



 Interim Dividend
 The Board has resolved not to declare an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (interim
 dividend for 2023: HK2.00 cents).
                                                                   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   083



                                                                                         Other Information




Corporate Governance
The Company has applied the principles and complied with all code provisions of the Corporate
Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) throughout the six months ended 30 June 2024.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive directors namely Mr. LI Wai Keung, Dr.
WONG Yau Kar, David and Prof. GONG Peng. The Audit Committee has reviewed with the management
the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and discussed auditing and financial
reporting matters including the review of the unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30
June 2024 and this report.


Compliance with Model Code
The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of
conduct regarding securities transactions by the directors. On specific enquiries made, all directors of
the Company have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model
Code throughout the period from 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024.


Update On Directors’ Information
Mr. Li Wai Keung was re-designated from an independent non-executive director to an executive director
of Hans Energy Company Limited (554. HK) with effect from 31 July 2024.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of The Company’s Securities
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
listed securities during the period.
084   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Other Information




 Continuing Disclosure Requirements under Rule 13.21 of the
 Listing Rules
 Banking facilities with covenants in relation to specific performance of the controlling shareholder:

 On 26 June 2019, the Company as borrower accepted the facility letter (“1st Facility Agreement”) relating
 to a revolving loan facility of up to RMB1,000,000,000 (“1st Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The
 1st Facility is subject to annual review by the lender.

 On 14 September 2020, the Company as borrower accepted the facility letter (“2nd Facility Agreement”)
 relating to an uncommitted term loan facility of up to US$185,000,000 (or its equivalent in Hong Kong
 dollars) (“2nd Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The last repayment date of the borrowing under the
 2nd Facility is 48 months from the date of the first drawdown under the 2nd Facility Agreement.

 On 7 April 2021, the Company as borrower accepted the facility letter (“3rd Facility Agreement”) relating
 to a term loan facility of up to HK$500,000,000 (“3rd Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The term of
 the 3rd Facility is 3 years from the date of acceptance of the 3rd Facility Agreement.

 On 29 June 2021, the Company as borrower accepted the facility letter (“4th Facility Agreement”) relating
 to an uncommitted term loan facility of up to HK$600,000,000 (or its equivalent in United States dollars)
 (“4th Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The term of the 4th Facility is 3 years commencing from the
 signing date of the 4th Facility Agreement.

 On 19 August 2021, the Company as borrower accepted the facility letter (“5th Facility Agreement”)
 relating to a term loan facility of up to HK$1,000,000,000 (“5th Facility”) offered by a bank as lender.
 The term of the 5th Facility is 36 months commencing from the date of acceptance of the 5th Facility
 Agreement.

 On 30 August 2021, the Company as borrower accepted the facility letter (“6th Facility Agreement”)
 relating to a term loan facility of up to HK$600,000,000 (“6th Facility”) offered by a bank as lender.
 The term of the 6th Facility is 36 months commencing from the first drawdown date of the 6th Facility
 Agreement.
                                                                     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024   085



                                                                                           Other Information




On 9 December 2021, the Company as borrower accepted the facility letter (“7th Facility Agreement”)
relating to a term loan facility of up to HK$1,000,000,000 (“7th Facility”) offered by a bank as lender.
The term of the 7th Facility is 36 months commencing from the date of acceptance of the 7th Facility
Agreement.

On 14 June 2022, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (“8th Facility Agreement”)
with certain banks as lenders relating to a term loan facility of HK$5,000,000,000 (“8th Facility”) for a
term of up to 3 years.

On 11 May 2023, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“9th Facility Agreement”) relating
to a revolving loan facility of up to HK$500,000,000 (or its equivalent amount in RMB) (“9th Facility”)
offered by a bank as lender. The term of the 9th Facility is 3 years.

On 12 May 2023, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“10th Facility Agreement”) relating
to a term loan facility of HK$1,000,000,000 (“10th Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The term of
the 10th Facility is 3 years.

On 16 May 2023, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (“11th Facility Agreement”)
with certain banks as lenders relating to a term loan facility of HK$3,500,000,000 (“11th Facility”). The
term of the 11th Facility is 3 years.

On 5 February 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“12th Facility Agreement”)
relating to a term loan facility of HK$1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in USD) (“12th Facility”) offered
by a bank as lender. The term of the 12th Facility is 3 years.

On 6 February 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“13th Facility Agreement”)
relating to a term loan facility of HK$300,000,000 (or its equivalent in RMB) (“13th Facility”) offered by
a bank as lender. The term of the 13th Facility is 3 years.
086   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2024




 Other Information




 On 24 April 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“14th Facility Agreement”) relating
 to a term loan facility of USD100,000,000 (or its equivalent in HKD) (the “14th Facility”) offered by a
 bank as lender. The term of the 14th Facility is 3 years.

 On 3 July 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (“15th Facility Agreement”, together
 with the 1st Facility Agreement, 2nd Facility Agreement, 3rd Facility Agreement, 4th Facility Agreement,
 5th Facility Agreement, 6th Facility Agreement, 7th Facility Agreement, 8th Facility Agreement, 9th Facility
 Agreement, 10th Facility Agreement, 11th Facility Agreement, 12th Facility Agreement, 13th Facility
 Agreement and 14th Facility Agreement collectively referred to as the “Facility Agreements”) relating to
 a revolving loan facility of HKD1,000,000,000 (“15th Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The term of
 the 15th Facility is 3 years.

 Under each of the Facility Agreements, it will be an event of default if Shum Yip holdings Company Limited
 ceases to own beneficially at least 35% of the issued share capital of the Company, ceases to be the
 single largest shareholder of the Company, ceases to have management control of the Company, or ceases
 to remain beneficially owned as to at least 51% by the Shenzhen Municipal People’s Government of the
 People’s Republic of China and at any time after the happening of an event of default, all sum payable
 under the facilities may become immediately due and payable.

 As at 30 June 2024, all advances made under the 3rd Facility Agreement and 4th Facility Agreement
 had been fully repaid.
