                           股份代號 Stock Code: 00604




Interim Report 中期報告 2026




                                                    中期報告   202
                                                     Interim Report   6
                                                                      Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   001




                                                                                              Contents


2    Corporate Information

3    Chairman’s Statement

12   Management Discussion and Analysis

32   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

33   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

34   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

36   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

38   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

40   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

82   Disclosure of Interests

85   Other Information
002   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Corporate Information


      Executive Directors                                 Company Secretary
      Mr. WANG Yuwen, Chairman                            Mr. LEE Ka Sze, Carmelo
      Ms. CAI Xun
      Mr. YAN Zhongyu                                     Auditor
      Dr. XIANG Dong
                                                          Ernst & Young, Certified Public Accountants
                                                          Hong Kong
      Independent Non-Executive                           Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
      Directors
      Mr. LI Wai Keung                                    Registered Office
      Dr. WONG Yau Kar, David                             8th Floor, New East Ocean Centre,
      Prof. GONG Peng                                     9 Science Museum Road, Tsim Sha Tsui,
                                                          Kowloon, Hong Kong
      Audit Committee
      Mr. LI Wai Keung, Chairman                          Share Listing
      Dr. WONG Yau Kar, David                             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
      Prof. GONG Peng                                     (Stock code: 00604)

      Nomination Committee                                Share Registrar
      Dr. WONG Yau Kar, David, Chairman                   Tricor Investor Services Limited
      Mr. WANG Yuwen                                      17/F, Far East Finance Centre,
      Ms. CAI Xun                                         16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
      Mr. LI Wai Keung                                    Tel: (852) 2980 1333
      Prof. GONG Peng                                     Fax: (852) 2810 8185

      Remuneration Committee                              Website
      Dr. WONG Yau Kar, David, Chairman                   www.shenzheninvestment.com
      Mr. LI Wai Keung
      Prof. GONG Peng


      Sustainability Committee
      Mr. WANG Yuwen, Chairman
      Mr. YAN Zhongyu
      Prof. GONG Peng
                                                                            Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   003




                                                                    Chairman’s Statement


In the first half of 2026, the domestic real estate market generally continued its bottoming-out trend. The
supply-side in the industry continued to contract, with sales of new commercial housing, development
investment, and new construction starts all recording double-digit year-on-year decline. On the demand
side, market confidence and home-buying expectation remained generally weak. The real estate industry
has now entered a development stage centred on property stock, with pronounced structural divergence
in the market. First-tier and core second-tier cities demonstrated relatively strong resilience, while most
third- and fourth-tier cities remained in a bottom-recovery phase. The overall operating environment for
the industry remained challenging, with real estate enterprises generally facing considerable operational
pressure. During the period, the Company firmly implemented the development initiatives outlined in the
“15th Five-Year Plan”, adhered to the direction of strategic transformation, vigorously safeguarded the
bottom line of operational safety, coordinated the revitalisation of existing assets with the expansion of
new operations, deepened the development of real-estate asset-management and operations business
as the core segment, and witnessed the preliminary achievements in strategic transformation, with the
Company’s asset-liability structure keeping safe and manageable and the operation status remaining
steady and orderly. As of 30 June 2026, the Company realised revenue of approximately HK$10.139
billion and gross profit of approximately HK$1.428 billion, with overall gross profit margin of approximately
14.08%. Due to unfavorable factors such as a decline in gross profit margin, impairment for real
estate inventories and losses from associates and joint ventures, the operating loss was approximately
HK$795 million, and the loss attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$1.986 billion,
representing a year-on-year narrowing of 24.15%.
004   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Chairman’s Statement




      I.       IMPLEMENTATION EFFECTIVENESS OF MAJOR TASKS FOR
               THE FIRST HALF OF THE YEAR
               (I) Continuous Strengthening of Business Foundation through
                         Orderly Advancement of Real-estate Development
                         Real-estate segment recorded stable sales. For the first half of the year, the Company
                         achieved contracted sales of approximately RMB5.966 billion (equivalent to approximately
                         HK$6.759 billion), with a contracted sales area of approximately 261,800 square meters,
                         reaching approximately 52% of the annual sales target of HK$13 billion, with its overall
                         progress meeting the annual operating expectations. Among these, Shum Yip Taifu Yin Ying
                         Building completed a bulk transaction, demonstrating the value of the Company’s core
                         assets against a generally weak commercial office market; projects including Shenzhen
                         Luxury Mansion, Natural City and Shanghai Shum Yip Jiading Mansion achieved phased
                         sales breakthroughs as a result of adhering to the implementation of tailored strategies and
                         precise marketing for different projects. During the period, a total of six projects completed
                         construction acceptance registration, with an aggregate completed gross floor area of
                         approximately 485,000 square meters, continuously consolidating market reputation and
                         customer confidence through high quality and stable delivery. Urban renewal progressed
                         in an orderly manner. Phase 2 of the First Renewal Unit in Chegongmiao in Shenzhen
                         successfully obtained the construction project planning permit and progressed steadily
                         according to the scheduled milestones, and equipped the largest single air-supported
                         membrane system and intelligent monitoring system over a foundation pit in South China,
                         addressing the challenge of construction disturbance in high-density urban areas with
                         green and intelligent construction processes, thereby charting a practicable path for the
                         transformation and upgrading of underperforming buildings in prime locations in Shenzhen
                         and establishing itself as a benchmark project for renewal of legacy assets in the region.
                                                                   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   005




                                                                         Chairman’s Statement




(II) Accelerated Formation of the Second Growth Curve Leveraging
    the Proven Resilience of Asset Management Operations
    The operation business serves as the cornerstone for the Company to resist the cyclical
    fluctuations in the industry. In the first half of the year, the scale and profitability of this
    business segment grew steadily, reinforcing its critical role in supporting the Company’s
    overall performance. Our commercial operations maintained a leading position.
    UpperHills continued to sustain its market-leading position and delivered outstanding
    performance in office leasing, with an occupancy rate of premium enterprises consistently
    ranking among the top in the Shenzhen market, supported by the continuously enhanced
    clustering effect of high-end industrial tenants. Bay Front • UpperHills Water Street（灣中 •
    上城水街）and the Magic World park in Zhongshan successfully opened, innovating a
    model of “commerce + theme parks” integrating culture, commerce and tourism and further
    expanding the Company’s commercial presence in the Greater Bay Area. The revitalisation
    of existing assets delivered notable results. According to the principle of “revitalising
    in batches and releasing at favorable prices”, the Company precisely advanced the gradual
    exit of legacy assets. During the period, the Company successfully completed the dealings
    of 7 office-related legacy assets, generating proceeds of approximately RMB120 million
    (equivalent to approximately HK$138 million), among which, the asset package of Diwang
    Tower（地王大廈） was disposed at a premium of approximately 40%, demonstrating
    a steady improvement in the efficiency of value realisation of legacy assets. Our hotel
    operations delivered improved quality and garnered industry accolades. The
    operating performance of the hotels under operation of the Company continued to recover
    and improve, and recorded an income of approximately HK$254 million for the first half
    of the year, representing an increase of 19.41% over the same period of last year. The
    gross operating profit of hotel operation business recorded a year-on-year increase of
    43%, reflecting the steady recovery of profitability and the continuous improvement of
    operational efficiency of this segment. Among these, Mandarin Oriental Shenzhen was
    named to the 2026 “World’s Best Awards” of Travel+Leisure, ranking 6th in “Best City
    Hotels in Asia”, representing a further enhancement in brand influence and market premium
    of the Company’s high-end hotels. The property management business continued to
    expand. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company recorded a managed area of
    approximately 106.91 million square meters, realised a revenue of approximately RMB1.447
    billion (equivalent to HK$1.639 billion) for the first half of 2026, and recorded newly
    expanded area of approximately 9.263 million square meters. The Company successfully
    won the bid for the operation and maintenance service project of the new joint inspection
    building at Huanggang Port, the world’s largest land port, while also expanding into key
    sectors including military supports and medical services, with newly added management
    area in public infrastructure segment accounting for over 90%. Leveraging its outstanding
    integrated urban operation and maintenance capabilities, the Company’s operating subsidiary
    was ranked 13th in the “2026 Top 100 Property Service Enterprises in China”, continuing to
    advance its industry ranking.
006   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Chairman’s Statement




               (III) Phased Results in Strategic Transformation through Successful
                         Capital Operations
                         In the first half of the year, the Company took capital optimisation, structural reshaping and
                         resource concentration as its core focus, efficiently implemented a series of key capital
                         operation initiatives, driving the strategic transformation from the planning stage into a period
                         of tangible results. On the one hand, the Company successfully completed the disposal of
                         its equity interest in Jinghua Electronics to recover a sum of capital of approximately RMB274
                         million (equivalent to HK$315 million), realising the divestiture of non-core assets and
                         effectively optimising its asset structure. On the other hand, the debt-to-equity swap plan
                         of its subsidiary, Shum Yip Pengji, had been unanimously approved at the Annual General
                         Meeting, and accordingly, the Company’s controlling shareholders successfully converted the
                         loans of approximately RMB2.604 billion (equivalent to approximately HK$2.998 billion) into
                         equity interest, effectively reducing the Company’s interest-bearing liabilities, substantially
                         optimising its capital structure and financial fundamentals, and fully demonstrating the
                         controlling shareholders’ firm confidence in the Company’s long-term development.
                         Looking ahead, the Company will continue to promote the quality enhancement of its listed
                         entities, optimise its asset and capital structure in response to changing circumstances,
                         accelerate the value realisation of its strategic transformation, and build a healthier and more
                         sustainable development model.
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   007




                                                                       Chairman’s Statement




(IV) Further Solidifying the Basis for Steady Development with
    Ongoing Improvement of Governance System
    In respect of financial management and control, the Company closely focused on the
    core objective of safeguarding financial security, coordinated financing management, and
    continued to improve its rolling forecast mechanism for cash flows. It further strengthened
    the internal control framework of its financial system and conducted a number of inspection
    and review activities on financial funds. It also accelerated the digital transformation
    of its finance function and expedited the establishment of a settlement centre and a
    treasury management system. As of 30 June 2026, the weighted average interest rate of
    the Company’s bank and other borrowings was 3.17%, representing a decrease of 0.3
    percentage points from 3.47% at the beginning of the year. The net gearing ratio (net
    debt excluding interest-bearing loans from related parties divided by equity attributable to
    owners of the Company) was 73.62%, representing a decrease of 9.06 percentage points
    from 82.68% at the beginning of the year. The asset-liability ratio, excluding advance
    receipts, was 65.42%, representing a decrease of 1.93 percentage points from 67.35% at
    the beginning of the year. In respect of risk management and control, the Company
    continued to improve its comprehensive risk management system. In accordance with
    the risk management requirement of “graded and classified, scientific assessment”, it
    conducted regular rating and identification of major operational risks, specified the primary
    responsibility of each business segment for risk management, and refined the closed-loop
    process of pre-event risk assessment, in-event phased control, and post-event review and
    tracking, thereby establishing a whole-chain risk prevention and control mechanism. In
    respect of compliance governance, the Company continued to improve its systematic
    ESG governance structure, deeply embedded the concept of sustainability into the entire
    business chain of investment, development and operation, and steadily advanced special
    initiatives including green building certifications, energy-saving and low-carbon operations,
    and urban public service empowerment. During the period, the Company’s MSCI-ESG
    rating was upgraded to AAA, fully reflecting the high recognition from capital markets and
    international rating agencies of the Company’s compliance governance, green operations,
    social responsibility and long-term value development.
008   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Chairman’s Statement




      II. KEY DEVELOPMENT STRATEGIES FOR THE SECOND HALF
          OF THE YEAR
               For the second half of 2026, the Company will firmly adhere to its strategic resolve, closely focus
               on four major operational priorities of “stabilising development, strengthening asset management,
               advancing transformation, and controlling risks”, and continuously optimise its business structure,
               actively cultivate new growth drivers, making every effort to achieve its annual operating goals and
               promoting its strategic transformation to deliver substantive results.


               (I) Stabilising development – relentlessly pursuing sales and de-
                         stocking to safeguard cash flow safety
                         The Company will remain sharply focused on achieving its full-year real-estate contracted
                         sales target of HK$13 billion, driving decisive sales execution. We will further refine our “one
                         project, one strategy（一盤一策）” marketing approach, setting clear de-stocking targets,
                         pricing policies, and payment collection milestones for each project. We will continue to
                         execute on our initiative to expedite de-stocking and payment collection, reinforcing collection
                         targets and enhancing liquidity coordination to safeguard the stability and controllability of
                         our operating cash flows. The Company will accelerate the launch schedules of key projects
                         by coordinating critical workstreams including construction progress, pre-sale approvals,
                         and buyer cultivation to further enhance project turnover efficiency and overall operating
                         performance. We will actively respond to the national policy direction of promoting high-
                         quality residential development and deeply implement the concept of building “quality
                         homes”. Through the systematic refinement and implementation of the “Dual Excellence
                         and Eight Good Practices” premium residential product framework, the Company will further
                         strengthen its core product competitiveness, continuously enhance Shum Yip brand influence
                         and market recognition.
                                                                   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   009




                                                                         Chairman’s Statement




(II) Strengthening asset management – elevating operational
    excellence to build sustainable growth drivers
    In respect of commercial operations, we will continue to solidify the benchmark status
    of UpperHills, dynamically optimising its trade mix and curated tenant structure to maintain
    high occupancy rates and stable rental income, thereby reinforcing our core competitive
    advantage as a premier commercial hub in the region. We are advancing the operational
    ramp-up of the Bay Front • UpperHills Water Street（灣中 • 上城水街）and the Magic
    World theme park in Zhongshan in an orderly manner, accelerating the progress toward early
    steady-state operations and sound profitability. In respect of asset revitalisation, we will
    fully deepen targeted initiatives to revitalise underperforming and idle assets by rigorously
    implementing a “one asset, one strategy”（一資產一策略） mechanism to improve
    transaction conversion rates and realised asset values, thereby accelerating monetisation and
    capital recovery of existing assets. We will refine our long-term rental apartment operating
    system, brand matrix, and product standards, establishing this segment as an effective
    vehicle for asset revitalisation and stable yield generation. In respect of urban integrated
    operations, we will drive the transformation of property management business toward
    technology-enabled and platform-based models, actively expanding into integrated urban
    facilities management and diversified value-added services to further extend our industry
    leadership. We will advance the operational readiness of the new Huanggang Port to ensure
    a safe, orderly launch while developing a replicable and scalable standardised port operations
    system. We will deepen our smart city services footprint by expanding application scenarios
    of AI + urban operation, leveraging digital and intelligent enablement to drive both operational
    efficiency and service quality.
010   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Chairman’s Statement




               (III) Advancing transformation – optimising business structure to
                         steadily shift growth drivers
                         In terms of resource expansion, we will accelerate the execution of urban renewal
                         projects, driving forward the planning approvals for key initiatives such as Henggang South
                         and Guangming Shangcun to secure critical prerequisites for project commencement.
                         Adhering to a prudent and selective investment philosophy, we will conduct rigorous market
                         analysis, customer segmentation, investment modeling, and product positioning, focusing
                         on core cities to replenish high-quality land reserves at opportune moments. In terms of
                         asset management enhancement, we will further expand our footprint in asset-light
                         entrusted management for commercial and property operations, refining a holistic whole-
                         chain closed-loop asset management system covering “investing – financing – developing
                         – managing – exiting”. We will proactively establish diversified exit channels and cultivate
                         asset securitisation pathways such as REITs to lay the foundation for the revitalisation
                         and circulation of existing assets. In terms of organisational reform, we will deepen
                         the management system reform of “strengthen the headquarters and solidify second-tier
                         subsidiaries”, continuously optimising talent structures and incentive mechanisms to enhance
                         synergy and resource sharing across business segments. We will pursue differentiated
                         development strategies, guiding each business unit to leverage its unique strengths, clarify
                         its market positioning, and solidify accountability. By establishing a closed-loop management
                         cycle encompassing strategic decomposition, process oversight, and performance evaluation,
                         we aim to fully activate organisational vitality and transformation momentum.
                                                                        Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   011




                                                                              Chairman’s Statement




     (IV) Controlling risks – safeguarding the bottom line of safety to
          ensure steady development
          The Company will adhere a prudent operating philosophy, reinforcing the foundation for long-
          term, stable growth across multiple dimensions. In terms of financial management, we
          will maintain prudent and sound financial policies, preserve ample liquidity, and broaden
          diversified financing channels. We will accelerate the digitalisation of finance functions
          and deepen financial value management to continuously enhance financial flexibility and
          resilience against market cycles. In terms of risk management and control, we will
          refine a full-cycle risk management system, strengthening the closed-loop mechanism
          encompassing front-end prudent evaluation, mid-term penetrating oversight, and back-
          end dynamic assessment with corrective actions, thereby comprehensively enhancing our
          capability to mitigate risks across all business lines. In parallel, we will maintain close
          oversight of the operating performance of our investee companies and strictly discharge our
          disclosure obligations in accordance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), continuously advancing the
          standardisation and transparency of company governance.

          Riding the momentum, we forge ahead with determination. The Company will firmly anchor
          to our transformation towards “real estate asset management and urban integrated operation
          service”. We will pursue pragmatic initiatives to drive operational excellence, leverage deep-
          seated reforms to empower growth, and uphold resilient operations to withstand market
          cycles. We are committed to diligently implementing our annual operating tasks, continuously
          enhancing our intrinsic enterprise value and capacity for long-term and sustainable
          development.




WANG Yuwen
Chairman

27 August 2026
012   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      I.       Overall Results and Key Financial Indicators
               In the first half of 2026, the Company realized revenue of approximately HK$10.139 billion,
               representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 2.04%. Gross profit was approximately
               HK$1.428 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 19.48%, with overall
               gross profit margin of approximately 14.08%. Due to unfavorable factors such as a decline in gross
               profit margin, impairment for real estate inventories and losses from associates and joint ventures,
               the operating loss was HK$795 million, and the loss attributable to owners of the Company was
               approximately HK$1.986 billion, representing a year-on-year narrowing of approximately 24.15%.

               During the reporting period, the Company’s overall operating performance was primarily affected
               by the cyclical adjustment of the real estate development industry. First, against the backdrop of
               the continued and profound adjustment in the real estate market, industry demand and market
               conditions came under considerable pressure. The booked area of the Company’s real estate
               development business contracted accordingly, resulting in year-on-year decreases in both revenue
               and gross profit margin. Second, in response to the continued downturn in the real estate market
               and adhering to the principles of prudent operations and proactive risk management, the Company
               conducted a comprehensive assessment of the net realizable value of its inventories during the
               reporting period and made provisions for inventory impairment totaling approximately HK$1.122
               billion. Third, affected by industry headwinds and project operating performance, certain associates
               and joint ventures recorded operating losses during the period, which had an aggregate impact
               of approximately HK$223 million on the Company’s results for the period. Although the above
               issues placed temporary pressure on the Company’s profitability during the reporting period, they
               effectively addressed potential risks associated with existing assets, further strengthened the
               Company’s overall asset quality, optimized its asset structure, and laid a solid foundation for the
               Company to move forward with a stronger balance sheet and achieve sustainable development.
               While the traditional property development business remained under pressure, the Company’s real-
               estate asset management and urban integrated operations businesses maintained steady growth
               and enhanced quality despite challenging market conditions. The overall revenue increased year-
               on-year, becoming an important and stable pillar supporting the Company’s business fundamentals.

               Looking ahead, the Company will continue to advance in a steadfast manner the development
               initiatives outlined in the “15th Five-Year Plan”, committed to transforming into a real estate asset
               management and urban integrated operation service provider. By leveraging the steady growth of
               operating business to hedge against the cyclical fluctuations of the traditional property development
               business, we will steadily optimize our revenue and profit structure and restore the Company’s
               overall operating performance to a path of stable growth.
                                                                                Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   013




                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




   Breakdown of Revenue and Gross Profit Margin from Various Business Segments for the
   First Half of 2026


                                                                                                Year                 Gross
                                                                     Amount of               on-year                 profit
    Business category                   Segmented business             revenue              changes                 margin
                                                                 (HK$100 million)
    Real-estate development             Property sales                     68.61              -8.08%                11.40%
    Real-estate asset-management        Property investment                 6.37              -1.65%                61.68%
                                        Hotel operation                     2.54              19.41%                15.55%
    Urban integrated operations         Property, commercial
                                           management                      16.39               2.86%                14.26%
    Others                                                                  7.48             73.13 %                -2.72 %
    Total                                                                101.39               -2.04%                14.08%


II. Progress of Principal Businesses
   (I) Real Estate Development Business
            1.    Contracted Sales
                  In the first half of 2026, the Company achieved contracted sales of approximately
                  RMB5.966 billion (equivalent to approximately HK$6.759 billion), representing a year-
                  on-year decrease of approximately 8.54%. Contracted sales area was approximately
                  261,800 square meters, representing a year-on-year decrease of 12.73%. By
                  geographical location, projects located in the Greater Bay Area accounted for 70% of
                  contracted sales, while projects in the Yangtze River Delta region accounted for 18%,
                  and projects in other 2nd-tier provincial capital cities accounted for 12%. By the types
                  of products, residential products accounted for 71% of contracted sales, while non-
                  residential products (including office, apartment and industrial park) accounted for
                  29%. During the period, the Company actively seized the policy tailwinds and market
                  opportunities in the industry, focused on key projects available for sale, continuously
                  strengthened marketing and promotion initiatives, and accelerated the destocking of
                  existing inventories, with overall sales performance demonstrated resilience. Shum Yip
                  Taifu Yinying Building completed a bulk transaction of approximately RMB1.249 billion,
                  ranking second in terms of office property sales area in Shenzhen for the first half of
                  2026. Projects including Shenzhen Luxury Mansion, Natural City and Shanghai Shum
                  Yip Jiading Mansion achieved steady sales progress, effectively supporting the stable
                  release of contracted sales during the period.
014   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                   Breakdown of Contracted Sales in the First Half of 2026 Note

                                      Region                      City        Type                         Sales Area        Sales
                                                                                                               (sq.m.)   (HK$’000)
                                      Greater Bay Area            Shenzhen    Residential, apartment,        104,929     4,038,721
                                                                                 office, industrial R&D
                                                                  Guangzhou   Residential, parking space       13,006     323,028
                                                                  Huizhou     Residential, commercial,         28,830     205,557
                                                                                 parking space
                                                                  Zhongshan   Residential, commercial,         11,469     158,121
                                                                                 office, parking space
                                                                  Foshan      Residential, parking space          394       3,084
                                                                  Heyuan      Parking space                         1          59
                                      Subtotal                                                               158,629     4,728,571
                                      Yangtze River Delta         Shanghai    Residential, parking space       17,938     568,071
                                                                  Nanjing     Residential                      16,362     561,592
                                                                  Taizhou     Residential, commercial           5,869      54,682
                                                                  Wuxi        Industrial R&D,                   3,403      17,313
                                                                  Ma’anshan   Commercial, parking space         2,876      14,072
                                                                  Chaohu      Residential                         143       2,096
                                      Subtotal                                                                 46,591    1,217,827
                                      Other 2nd-tier provincial   Chengdu     Residential, parking space       36,893     540,440
                                         capital cities           Wuhan       Residential                      19,165     263,992
                                                                  Changsha    Residential, commercial,            526       8,258
                                                                                parking space
                                      Subtotal                                                                 56,584     812,691
                                      Total                                                                  261,804     6,759,088

                                   Note: As all the contracted sales took place in Chinese mainland, which are expressed in Renminbi
                                         and calculated at the average exchange rate for the six months ended 30 June 2026 based
                                         on the central parity rate of RMB against HK$ published by the People’s Bank of China.
                                                                         Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   015




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




2.   Development Revenue Booked
     In the first half of 2026, the Company recorded property sales revenue booked of
     approximately RMB6.055 billion (equivalent to approximately HK$6.861 billion) (net
     of value-added tax), representing a decrease of approximately 8.08% over the same
     period of last year, with the sales area booked of approximately 230,500 square
     meters (excluding interests attributable to the major associates), representing a
     decrease of approximately 21.21% over the same period of last year. The gross profit
     margin of property development sales was 11.40%, representing a decrease of 2.43
     percentage points over the same period of last year.

     Breakdown of Sales Booked in the First Half of 2026 Note

                                                                                        Booked              Revenue
       Region                      City        Type                                        Area              booked
                                                                                         (sq.m.)           (HK$’000)
       Greater Bay Area            Shenzhen    Residential, apartment,                 109,910            4,648,474
                                                 industrial R&D
                                   Zhongshan   Residential, office,                      11,463             479,665
                                                 commercial
                                   Guangzhou   Residential                               11,713             286,291
                                   Huizhou     Residential, commercial                   30,275             220,787
                                   Foshan      Residential, commercial                      508               5,081
       Subtotal                                                                        163,869            5,640,298
       Yangtze River Delta         Nanjing     Residential                               11,067             336,667
                                   Shanghai    Residential                                4,370             161,974
                                   Wuxi        Plant                                      4,026              19,517
                                   Ma’anshan   Commercial                                   406               3,615
                                   Taizhou     Residential                                  141               1,389
       Subtotal                                                                          20,010             523,162
       Other 2nd-tier provincial   Chengdu     Residential, commercial                   40,374             580,205
          capital cities           Wuhan       Residential, commercial                    5,671              64,416
                                   Changsha    Residential, commercial                      526               7,291
       Subtotal                                                                          46,571             651,912
       Others                                  Parking space                                    –             45,391
       Total                                                                           230,450            6,860,763

     Note: A total of 682 parking spaces were sold.
016   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Management Discussion and Analysis




                         3.        Project Development and Construction
                                   In the first half of 2026, the Company’s overall project development and construction
                                   progressed steadily. A total of six projects completed construction acceptance
                                   registration, with an aggregate completed gross floor area of approximately 485,000
                                   square meters. During the period, Phase 2 of the First Renewal Unit in Chegongmiao
                                   in Shenzhen obtained the construction project planning permit. Given the project’s
                                   proximity to surrounding residential communities and the complexity of construction
                                   conditions, the Company adopted innovative construction solutions, including an air-
                                   supported membrane system and intelligent monitoring systems over a foundation
                                   pit, effectively reduced construction noise and dust emissions, providing practical
                                   experience for green construction in high-density urban renewal projects.

                                   In terms of project construction and delivery, Talent Mansion was successfully
                                   delivered, with the handover rate reaching 95% as at 30 June 2026. Phase 2 of
                                   Luxury Mansion completed construction acceptance registration, while ongoing
                                   projects including Upper Scholar and Shanghai Shenjia Hydrogen Valley continued to
                                   progress in an orderly manner as scheduled.

                                   Newly Completed Projects in the First Half of 2026

                                                                                                               Newly
                                                                                                          Completed
                                      Project                             City         Type                     Area
                                                                                                          (sq.m.’000)
                                      Talent Mansion                      Shenzhen Residential                  216.1
                                      Phase 2 of Luxury Mansion           Shenzhen Residential                   56.2
                                      Zhongshan G29 Phase 2               Zhongshan Residential                  67.3
                                      Bay Front Project F25 Yuewan        Zhongshan Residential                  38.0
                                         Mansion 1 & 2#
                                      Bay Front Project F25 Yuewan        Zhongshan Residential                  42.0
                                         Mansion 3# & Basement
                                      Phase 2 of Bay Front Project        Zhongshan Commercial                   65.0
                                         (F36, 38 Water Street                        services
                                         Commercial) Clubhouse
                                      Total                                                                       485
                                                             Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   017




                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




4.   Provision for Impairment of Inventories
     In the first half of 2026, affected by continued adjustments in the real estate market
     environment and sustained pressure on market prices, the Company adhered to the
     principle of prudent operation, proactively addressed potential risks, and strengthened
     asset quality by making provision for impairment of inventories. This initiative enables
     the Company to reflect the value of its assets in a more objective and truthful
     manner, optimize its financial structure, and further enhance financial resilience and
     risk management capabilities. During the period, the Company made impairment
     provisions on inventory of approximately HK$1.122 billion. The major projects affected
     by impairment provisions included Yinying Building, Shum Yip Cloud Center, Shum Yip
     Scenery Bay, Shum Yip Cloud Mansion and Shum Yip Taiyue Mansion.


5.   Real Estate Investment and Reserves
     As at 30 June 2026, the Company had land reserves with a capacity building area of
     approximately 5,124,000 square meters. The structure of the land reserve remained
     reasonable and healthy, with land reserve in the Greater Bay Area, the Yangtze River
     Delta region and the 2nd-tier provincial capital cities and others accounting for
     approximately 68.3%, approximately 12.3% and approximately 19.4%, respectively.
     The proportion of high-quality land reserves in core regions remained stable, providing
     solid support for the Company’s medium- and long-term sustainable development.
     During the period, the Company steadily advanced the implementation and
     transformation of interest coordination projects in Shenzhen. The planning proposal for
     the Henggang South Project successfully completed the relevant review procedures,
     further clarifying the project’s development conditions. The Guangming Shangcun
     Project successfully entered into a supplementary preliminary service agreement,
     effectively strengthening the foundation for project cooperation and creating favorable
     conditions for future development, revitalization and implementation.
018   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                  Distribution of Land Reserves (As of 30 June 2026)

                            By type – Capacity Building Area Note By region – Capacity Building Area Note
                                          (sq.m.)                                (sq.m.)
                                                              12%                                                         12.3%


                                                                   5%

                              63%                                                        68.3%
                                                                                                                             19.4%
                                                                20%




                                  Residential land        Commercial, commercial/       Greater Bay   Yangtze River   2nd-tier provincial
                                                          residential and others land   Area          Delta area      capital cities and
                                  Mix-used land           Industrial land                                             others




                         Note: Capacity building area is the sum of the gross floor area which is used in the calculation of the plot
                               ratio within the land for construction.


               (II) Management of Real Estate Assets
                         The Company’s management of real estate assets business focuses on the holding,
                         operation, renovation, upgrading and inventory revitalisation of the Company’s self-owned
                         investment properties and hotel assets, continuously exploring the value of existing assets to
                         deliver stable operating income and long-term asset appreciation.

                         As of 30 June 2026, the Company had a total investment property area of approximately
                         1,880,800 square meters, with a fair value of approximately HK$36.908 billion. During
                         the period, the Company recorded an income from property investment of approximately
                         HK$637 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 1.65%. The
                         gross profit margin of property investment business was approximately 61.68%. Facing a
                         complex and volatile macro environment and intensifying industry competition, the Company
                         further advanced its refined operation management system, adopting multiple initiatives to
                         strengthen tenant sourcing around diverse property types such as office buildings, industrial
                         parks, integrated commercial complexes and specialised markets, and to steadily improve
                                                                         36
                         its asset operation efficiency. During the period, the overall occupancy rate of the Company’s
                         properties outperformed the average market level in the industry.
                                                           Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   019




                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




1.   Optimisation and Revitalisation for Investment Properties
     The flagship UpperHills Office Tower has fully introduced the service standards under
     the Golden Key International Alliance, deepening its dual-drive model of “hardware
     + service”. Concurrently, it has innovatively introduced a “zero-cost” fine decoration
     delivery customization solution, persistently balancing lease renewals with new
     tenant acquisition. During the period, it bucked the trend by securing new rental
     areas of nearly 3,600 square meters. Currently, UpperHills Office Tower has totally
     attracted 14 Fortune Global 500 enterprises, with an occupancy rate of premium
     enterprises consistently ranking among the top in the market. The benchmark effect
     and counter-cyclical resilience of this core asset continue to stand out prominently.
     Projects including the Bay Front • UpperHills Water Street（灣中 • 上城水街）and
     the Magic World park in Zhongshan both successfully opened in June, innovating a
     model of “commerce + theme parks” integrating culture, commerce and tourism. The
     projects involve an indoor global IP-themed complex of 20,000 square meters with
     globally known IPs such as Barbie and Transformers, and has introduced 2 debut
     stores in Chinese mainland and over 10 debut stores in Zhongshan City, achieving the
     standardised cross-city rollout of the Company’s commercial product line.

     The Company continued to advance the quality improvement and efficiency
     enhancement of its existing assets, and successfully converted its 48 underperforming
     properties at Bagualing into “Shum Yip Neighborhood”（深業鄰里） long-term
     rental apartments, a government-subsidised rental apartment project, achieving
     an increase of 179% in monthly rent as compared with the pre-renovation level,
     and was recognised as an exemplary case of asset revitalisation among Shenzhen
     municipal state-owned enterprises. The Company accelerated the disposal of its
     scattered assets, implemented the “one asset, one strategy”（一資產一策略）
     mechanism, precisely advancing the gradual exit of existing assets. During the period,
     the Company successfully completed the dealings of 7 office-related existing assets,
     generating proceeds of approximately RMB120 million (equivalent to approximately
     HK$138 million), among which, the asset package of Diwang Tower（地王大廈）was
     transacted at a premium of approximately 40% after 117 rounds of bidding, achieving
     a virtuous cycle of asset value realisation and capital recovery.
020   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Management Discussion and Analysis




                         2.        Steady Progress amid Stability for Hotel Operations
                                   In the first half of 2026, the Company recorded an income from hotel operation
                                   business (included under other operating segments) of approximately HK$254 million,
                                   representing an increase of 19.41% over the same period of last year. The gross
                                   profit margin of hotel operation business was approximately 15.55%, representing a
                                   year-on-year increase of 6.03 percentage points. As of 30 June 2026, the Company
                                   had a total of 12 hotels under operation and construction, of which, 6 hotels were
                                   already open for business, and 6 hotels were under construction. During the period,
                                   the hotel business demonstrated robust resilience and recovery momentum through
                                   precise market positioning and flexible operating strategies. 6 hotels under operation
                                   recorded a year-on-year increase of 43% in the gross operating profit and a gross
                                   operating profit margin of approximately 30%, representing a year-on-year increase
                                   of 6 percentage points, together with a year-on-year increase of 13% in the revenue
                                   per available room. The overall operating performance significantly outperformed the
                                   industry average.

                                   The Company’s flagship premium luxury project delivered outstanding performance,
                                   among which, Mandarin Oriental Shenzhen received awards including the One-
                                   Diamond rating of the Black Pearl and a place in Asia’s 50 Best Bars, and recorded
                                   a year-on-year increase of 37.7% in catering revenue, which drove a year-on-year
                                   increase of 20% in the total revenue of the hotel. This hotel was also named to the
                                   2026 “World’s Best Awards” of Travel+Leisure, ranking 34th in the “World’s 100
                                   Best Hotels” and 6th in “Best City Hotels in Asia”, making it the highest-ranked hotel
                                   in Chinese mainland. Character and boutique hotels maintained stable operations,
                                   with Shenzhen MUJI Hotel achieving an average occupancy rate of 89% and a gross
                                   operating profit margin of 55%, reaching record highs since its opening; Shenzhen
                                   Jingju Hotel precisely met family guest needs, with a year-on-year increase of 6% and
                                   10% in occupancy rate and revenue, respectively. Meanwhile, the Company continued
                                   to optimise its membership management and revenue control systems, further
                                   strengthening the professional and refined operational capabilities of its hotel business.
                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   021




                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Hotels in Operation

 Hotel Name                    Guest Room                      Operation Mode
 Mandarin Oriental Shenzhen    178 guest rooms                 Held for operation
 Shenzhen MUJI Hotel           79 guest rooms                  Held for operation
 Jingju Hotel in Shenzhen      194 guest rooms                 Held for operation
    Women and Children Tower
 Holiday Inn Resort Chaohu     203 guest rooms                 Held for operation
    Hot Spring
 Chaohu Royal Spring Garden    20 villas and 7 onsen           Held for operation
    Hot Spring Hotel             suites
 Suzhou Marriott Hotel         300 guest rooms                 Held for operation

Hotels under Construction

 Hotel Name                          Guest Room                Project Phase
 Shenzhen Marriott Luxury            173 guest rooms           Under construction
    Collection Hotel
   （深圳萬豪豪華精選酒店）
 Shenzhen Marriott AC Hotel          207 guest rooms           Under construction
   （深圳萬豪AC酒店）
 Zhongshan InterContinental Hotel    135 guest rooms           Under construction
   （中山洲際酒店）
 Zhongshan EVEN Hotel                225 guest rooms           Under construction
   （中山逸衡酒店）
 Somerset Chengdu                    152 guest rooms           Under construction
   （成都盛捷服務式公寓）
 Citadines Chengdu                   228 guest rooms           Under construction
   （成都馨樂庭服務式公寓）
022   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Management Discussion and Analysis




               (III) Urban Integrated Operations Business
                         The urban integrated operations business of the Company primarily includes property
                         services and commercial operation services. The Company continuously expands the
                         business scale and delivers standardised operation services under an asset-light model.
                         The property services cover a diverse range of scenarios including residential properties,
                         public facilities, urban public services and industrial parks, providing full-cycle property
                         management and urban integrated operation services to customers; while the commercial
                         operation services focus on the professional operation management of commercial assets,
                         with its business scope covering shopping centres, community commercial properties and
                         other property types, it comprehensively carries out tenant sourcing, daily operations and
                         refined management. In the first half of 2026, the urban integrated operations business
                         of the Company recorded a revenue of approximately HK$1,639 million, representing
                         an increase of 2.86% over the same period of last year, with a gross profit margin of
                         approximately 14.26%, maintaining a steady growth overall.


                         1.        Property Operations and Expansion
                                   As of 30 June 2026, the Company’s property operations subsidiaries recorded a
                                   managed area of approximately 106.91 million square meters, with independent
                                   third-party projects accounting for approximately 79.9%, and non-residential formats
                                   accounting for approximately 69.63%, both indicators exceeding industry averages.
                                   During the period, the Company recorded newly expanded area under management
                                   of approximately 9.263 million square meters, with a total contract value of RMB690
                                   million (equivalent to HK$780 million), demonstrating robust and steady market-
                                   oriented expansion capabilities. At the same time, the Company continuously put
                                   efforts in the expansion of diversified property types, achieving ongoing business
                                   progress in property-managed cities, public infrastructure properties and other key
                                   areas.
                                                       Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   023




                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




In the field of public infrastructure services, the Company successfully won
the bid for the operation and maintenance service project of the new joint inspection
building at Huanggang Port, the world’s largest land port, and newly acquired the
service project for the Shenzhen Institute of Advanced Light Source Facilities and
the Institute of Advanced Technology, as well as the railway joint defence and patrol
project for the Shenzhen Railway Public Security Division. In the field of urban
services, the Company successfully acquired projects including the integrated
sanitation and greening service project for Dongpu Subdistrict, Yuancheng District,
Heyuan City, and the comprehensive inspection project for Fubao Subdistrict. In the
field of enterprise clients, the Company successfully acquired projects including the
Weifang Project of China Mobile (Shandong) 2026-2028 Provincial Property Service
Procurement and Liupanshui Property Service Project of China Mobile (Guizhou),
demonstrating the evolution of its service capabilities from basic property services
for residential and office properties to comprehensive management and maintenance
of major public infrastructure. During the period, the property operations subsidiaries
continuously enhanced their comprehensive strength and brand recognition in the
industry, successively receiving a number of authoritative industry honours, including
the 13th ranking among the “2026 Top 100 Property Service Enterprises in China” by
China Index Academy, the 13th ranking in the “2026 Property Management Enterprises
of Comprehensive Strength in China” by CRIC and other significant accolades, fully
demonstrating the Company’s robust operational strength and leading industry
position.
024   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Management Discussion and Analysis




                         2.        Commercial Operations and Expansion
                                   In the first half of 2026, the flagship project, UpperHills, maintained its leading
                                   position, adding 21 debut stores and successfully introducing international affordable
                                   luxury brands including Coach, marking a breakthrough in accessible luxury brands
                                   recruitment. The project’s sales per unit area increased by 10% year-on-year, and
                                   newly registered members grew by 46% year-on-year. Shenzhen’s first downtown
                                   duty-free store ranked first in sales among the eight stores nationwide. During the
                                   period, the Company’s marketing activities achieved various highlights. Leveraging
                                   the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Flower Show, the mall footfall
                                   exceeded 2.117 million visits at the shopping mall during the 11-day exhibition
                                   and the sales amounted to approximately RMB190 million, representing a year-on-
                                   year increase of 12%. The introduction of high-profile events such as the Spartan
                                   Race generated significant footfall. Seizing the opportunity of the APEC meeting, the
                                   Company accelerated the enhancement of its international consumption environment,
                                   taking the lead in achieving over 250 merchants being available to foreign card
                                   payments, 108 catering merchants being equipped with bilingual menus, and 40 retail
                                   merchants being available to offer departure tax refund services, and accordingly,
                                   the project had won industry accolades including the CSVB 2025 Gold Award for
                                   Urban District Commercial Benchmark. Other operating projects also performed well,
                                   supported by the introduction of the first flagship store of “Gree Dong Mingzhu Healthy
                                   Home” in Shenzhen at Shum Yip Taifu Square, as well as the improvement in footfall
                                   and occupancy rate of community commercial projects such as Sky Park, Tanglang City
                                   and Shum Yip Dongling.

                                   The scale of the Company’s asset-light management had steadily expanded. Shum
                                   Yip Commercial Management, a subsidiary of the Company, successively provided
                                   management services for a number of external projects, including the Huangmugang
                                   Metro Hub commercial project, Shenzhen Capital Plaza, the commercial project at the
                                   Global Headquarters Complex of China Merchants Bank, and “ShumYip Shiji”（深業拾
                                   集）at Huafu Village, the opening preparations, investment recruitment and operation
                                   of which are currently progressing in an orderly manner. Additionally, the Company
                                   newly secured the Hetao Center commercial project, which is adjacent to the new
                                   Huanggang Port, planning to create the integrated commercial new scenario between
                                   Shenzhen and Hong Kong of “commerce + park + port”. The Company’s commercial
                                   operation footprint continued to expand.
                                                                        Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   025




                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




III. Capital Operations
   In the first half of 2026, the Company has carried out a series of capital operations to progressively
   reduce the proportion of its property development business, continuously optimise capital structure,
   improve overall financial quality and further consolidate the foundation for its prudent business
   operations. First, the Company disposed of its 70% equity interest in Jinghua Electronics to Shahe
   Industrial at a cash consideration of approximately RMB274 million (equivalent to approximately
   HK$315 million). Through the divestment of non-core assets, the Company has effectively
   consolidated and focused its corporate resources to support the development of its core business,
   with the cash proceeds mainly used to supplement the working capital for its daily operations.
   Second, Shum Yip Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, converted its loan of
   approximately RMB2,604 million (equivalent to approximately HK$2,998 million) to Shum Yip Pengji,
   a subsidiary of the Company, into equity interests by way of capital increase. This debt-to-equity
   swap has effectively reduced the Company’s interest-bearing debt scale and lowered finance costs
   such as interest expenses, while also reducing the scale and business proportion of the Company’s
   property development assets in non-core regions such as Huizhou and Taizhou, thereby optimising
   the Company’s asset and debt structure and enhancing its operational resilience and risk resistance
   capacity, without any impact on the consolidated profit or loss of the Company.

   Looking ahead, the Company will continue to enhance quality as a listed company, and will,
   based on its own operational realities and the changing environment, persist in conducting quality
   enhancement studies covering areas such as capital and asset structure optimisation and key
   business refocusing. Besides, the Company will review the feasibility of quality enhancement
   implementation on an ongoing basis and pursue relevant measures as opportunities arise, with the
   aim of enhancing asset quality, operational efficiency and shareholder returns.


IV. Financial Management
   (I) Finance and Capital
         The Group’s funding and treasury management objectives are to safeguard its funds and
         maintain adequate liquidity. The Group manages its treasury activities through coordinated
         financing arrangements, rolling cash flow forecasts and internal controls over funds.
026   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Management Discussion and Analysis




                         The Company optimized its capital and debt structure and continued to improve its financial
                         condition through various means. As of 30 June 2026, the equity attributable to owners of
                         the Company amounted to HK$36,321 million (31 December 2025: HK$35,641 million). The
                         cash balance was HK$12,064 million (31 December 2025: HK$8,304 million), representing
                         an increase of 45.28% from the beginning of the year. The asset-liability ratio, excluding
                         advance receipts, decreased by 1.93 percentage points from the beginning of the year
                         to 65.42%. The net gearing ratio (net debt excluding interest-bearing loans from related
                         parties divided by equity attributable to owners of the Company) was 73.62%, representing a
                         decrease of 9.06 percentage points from the beginning of the year.

                         Following the decline in the floating interest rate of Hong Kong dollar, the weighted average
                         interest rate of the Company’s bank and other borrowings decreased by 0.3 percentage
                         points from 3.47% per annum for the year ended 31 December 2025 to 3.17% per annum
                         for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

                         In the first half of 2026, the Company successfully arranged the replacement of a syndicated
                         loan of HK$3.2 billion to secure funding. As of 30 June 2026, the Company’s total bank and
                         other borrowings amounted to HK$38.803 billion (31 December 2025: HK$37.770 billion).
                         Floating rate borrowings and fixed-rate borrowings accounted for 66.02% and 33.98%,
                         respectively; long-term borrowings and short-term borrowings accounted for 66.78%
                         and 33.22%, respectively; borrowings denominated in Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi
                         accounted for 35.14% and 64.86%, respectively. As of 30 June 2026, the Company’s cash
                         and cash equivalents were mainly denominated in Renminbi and Hong Kong dollars.

                         Details of the contractual maturity analysis of the Company’s bank and other borrowings
                         are set out in note 4.1(a) to the interim condensed consolidated financial information in
                         this interim report. During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company’s borrowing
                         requirements were mainly driven by project development schedules and working capital
                         needs and were not subject to significant seasonal fluctuations.
                                                                       Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   027




                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




           Key Financial Indicators



                                                                            As of                     As of
                                                                         30 June               31 December
            Indicators                                                      2026                      2025
                                                                        (HK$100                    (HK$100
                                                                         million)                    million)
            Bank and other borrowings                                     388.03                        377.70
              – Long-term borrowings                                      259.14                        260.29
              – Short-term borrowings                                     128.89                        117.41
            Cash                                                          120.64                         83.04
            Net gearing ratio                                            73.62%                         82.68%

     (II) Effect of Exchange Rate Fluctuation
           The Company’s assets are mainly denominated in Renminbi, while Hong Kong dollar is
           adopted as the reporting currency in the Company’s financial statements. During the period,
           the effect of the decrease in exchange rate of Hong Kong dollar against Renminbi on the
           Company’s finance was mainly reflected in the appreciation of the asset and earnings
           denominated in Renminbi against Hong Kong dollar, the reporting currency. During the period,
           such fluctuations in the asset and earnings denominated in Renminbi against Hong Kong
           dollar, the reporting currency, of HK$2,339 million were included in other comprehensive
           income.

           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company did not use any financial
           instruments for hedging purposes, nor did it hedge its foreign currency net investments
           through currency borrowings or other hedging instruments.


V.   Performance of Major Associates and Joint Ventures
     In the first half of 2026, due to the impact of the real estate industry downturn, the overall
     performance of the Company’s major associates and joint ventures was weak. The losses of
     joint ventures and associates led to a reduction of the Company’s net profit with a total amount
     of approximately HK$223 million, primarily comprising the loss of approximately HK$33 million
     contributed by Shenzhen Tianan Cyber Park (Group) Co., Ltd. (a 37.5% owned company of the
     Company), the loss of approximately HK$40 million contributed by Shum King Company Limited (a
     50% owned company of the Company), and the loss of approximately HK$133 million contributed
     by Road King Infrastructure Limited (1098.HK) (a 27% owned company of the Company). As of 30
     June 2026, the remaining carrying amount of the Company’s interest in Road King Infrastructure
     amounted to HK$nil, and therefore, any further loss incurred by Road King Infrastructure will not
     have an impact on the Company’s performance.
028   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Management Discussion and Analysis




      VI. Others
               (I) Pledge of Assets and Provision for Contingent Liabilities
                         As of 30 June 2026, the Company had total loans of HK$9.17 billion (31 December 2025:
                         HK$8.69 billion) that were pledged with assets.

                         As of 30 June 2026, the Company has given guarantees amounted to HK$9.661 billion (31
                         December 2025: HK$14.072 billion) in aggregate in respect of bank and other borrowings.

                         Details of the Group’s financial guarantees and contingencies as of 30 June 2026 are set out
                         in notes 25 and 27, respectively, to the interim condensed consolidated financial information
                         in this interim report. For an update on the relevant litigation, please also refer to the section
                         headed “Progress of the Litigation Involving Shum Yip Terra Company” below.


               (II) Progress of the Litigation Involving Shum Yip Terra Company
                        On 29 November 2024, Chengdu Fengze Investment Co., Ltd（成都豐澤投資有限公
                        司）(“Chengdu Fengze”) and Shum Yip Terra (Holdings) Company Limited（深業泰然（集
                        團）股份有限公司）(“Shum Yip Terra”, together with Chengdu Fengze, the “Subsidiaries”),
                        both being non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, received a statement of claim
                        （民事起訴狀） from the Intermediate People’s Court of Chengdu City（成都市中級
                        人民法院）regarding the claims by Sichuan Haofu Industrial Co., Ltd.（四川浩福實
                        業有限公司）(the “Claimant”) against the Subsidiaries and four individuals (none of the
                        individuals is a Director or senior management of the Company) regarding the disputes in
                        earnings distribution over the investment of “198” Congshu Area (“198” 叢樹片區）in
                        Chenghua district, Chengdu, the People’s Republic of China (the “Litigation”), with an amount
                        of the claim of approximately RMB220 million. The Subsidiaries have engaged legal advisers
                        to handle the Litigation, and will rigorously defend the Litigation to protect their legitimate
                        interests. The first trial of the case commenced on 24 December 2024 and no ruling has
                        been issued to date. The Company will actively follow up and assess the financial impact of
                        the Litigation on the Company.
                                                                 Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   029




                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




(III) Employees and Remuneration Policy
    As of 30 June 2026, the Company employed a total of 18,265 (30 June 2025: 20,261)
    employees, of whom 14 were stationed in Hong Kong (mainly managerial and finance related
    personnel), and the rest were in Chinese mainland. The total remuneration for the six months
    ended 30 June 2026 (excluding remuneration of the Directors and senior management)
    amounted to approximately RMB1.131 billion (six months from 1 January to 30 June 2025:
    approximately RMB1.228 billion).

    The remuneration and bonuses of the Company’s employees are determined based on their
    performance, the Company’s profit condition, remuneration level of the industry and the
    current market condition. The remuneration packages are reviewed on an annual basis to
    ensure internal equity and its competitiveness in the market. The Company provides training
    programs to its employees from time to time, including but not limited to new hire training
    aimed at enhancing their skills and knowledge.


(IV) Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries,
    Associates and Joint Ventures
    Save as disclosed in this interim report, the Company did not have any material acquisitions
    or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the six months ended 30
    June 2026.


(V) Significant Investments
    As of 30 June 2026, there were no significant investments held by the Company (including
    any investment in an investee company with a value of 5% or more of the Group’s total
    assets as of 30 June 2026).


(VI) Capital Commitments and Future Plans for Material
    Investments
    Details of the Company’s capital commitments as at 30 June 2026 are set out in note
    24 to the interim condensed consolidated financial information in this interim report. The
    Company expects to fund these capital commitments through internal resources and/or bank
    borrowings. Save as disclosed in this interim report, the Company had no other future plans
    for material investments or capital assets as at the date of this interim report.
030   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Independent Review Report


      To the board of directors of Shenzhen Investment Limited
      (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


      Introduction
      We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 32 to 81, which comprises the
      condensed consolidated statement of financial position of Shenzhen Investment Limited (the “Company”)
      and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2026 and the related condensed consolidated statements
      of profit or loss, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the six-month period then
      ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
      Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance
      with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting
      (“HKAS 34”) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The
      directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial
      information in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim
      financial information based on our review. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with
      our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
      accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.



      Scope of Review
      We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410
      Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by
      the HKICPA. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons
      responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
      review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards
      on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
      significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.
                                                                           Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   031




                                                                        Independent Review Report




Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial
information is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
27 August 2026
032   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2026            2025
                                                                Notes          HK$’000         HK$’000
        Revenue                                                  6          10,139,138         10,349,995
        Cost of sales and services                               7          (8,711,384)        (8,576,728)
        Gross profit                                                         1,427,754          1,773,267
        Selling and distribution expenses                        7            (342,696)          (242,900)
        Administrative expenses                                  7            (513,748)          (491,482)
        (Decrease)/increase in fair value of financial assets
          at fair value through profit or loss                                   (5,903)             1,118
        Losses resulted from changes in fair value of and
          transfer to investment properties                      14           (222,653)             (99,669)
        Net impairment losses on financial assets                              (11,864)             (10,364)
        Other expenses                                           7          (1,266,049)           (336,844)
        Other income                                             8              64,266             108,875
        Other gains                                              9              76,239                2,386
        Operating (loss)/profit                                               (794,654)            704,387
        Finance income                                           10             22,485              43,437
        Finance costs                                            10           (727,956)           (731,125)
        Finance costs-net                                        10           (705,471)           (687,688)
        Share of results of joint ventures and associates                     (222,913)           (666,569)
        Impairment losses on investment in an associate                              –          (1,257,004)
        Loss before income tax                                              (1,723,038)         (1,906,874)
        Income tax expenses                                      11           (212,961)           (600,459)
        Loss for the interim period                                         (1,935,999)         (2,507,333)
        Loss for the interim period attributable to:
        – Owners of the Company                                             (1,985,855)         (2,618,042)
        – Non-controlling interests                                             49,856             110,709
                                                                            (1,935,999)         (2,507,333)
        Losses per share for loss attributable
          to the owners of the Company
          (expressed in HK cents per share)
        – Basic and diluted                                      12              (22.32)            (29.42)


      The above interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with
      the accompanying notes.
                                                                    Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   033




Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000
  Loss for the interim period                                      (1,935,999)                  (2,507,333)
  Other comprehensive income
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
    – Share of changes of other comprehensive income
        of an associate                                                         –                       1,238
    – Surplus on revaluation of investment property transferred
        from property, plant and equipment                             3,776                              –
    – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations    2,339,184                        936,496
 Other comprehensive income for the interim period,
   net of tax                                                      2,342,960                        937,734
 Total comprehensive income for the interim period                   406,961                    (1,569,599)
 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
   – Owners of the Company                                             9,198                    (1,786,071)
   – Non-controlling interests                                       397,763                       216,472
                                                                     406,961                    (1,569,599)


The above interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in
conjunction with the accompanying notes.
034   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      As at 30 June 2026




                                                                        Unaudited         Audited
                                                                          30 June    31 December
                                                                             2026           2025
                                                                Note     HK$’000         HK$’000
        ASSETS
        Non-current assets
        Property, plant and equipment                           14       7,884,988     8,450,440
        Investment properties                                   14      36,907,915    34,814,088
        Investments in joint ventures                           16       8,236,493     8,205,132
        Investments in associates                                          182,790       306,958
        Intangible assets                                                  798,824       844,236
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              140,085       140,253
        Financial assets at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                              2,326         2,237
        Trade and other receivables                             17         821,327     1,159,323
        Deferred income tax assets                                       2,101,951     2,721,021
                                                                        57,076,699    56,643,688
        Current assets
        Properties under development                            18      28,795,117    32,324,877
        Completed properties held for sale                      19      35,890,749    35,780,907
        Inventories                                                        144,795       257,823
        Trade and other receivables                             17      11,615,814    10,950,414
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  546       333,352
        Biological assets                                                    5,739         5,175
        Restricted cash and bank deposits                       20       3,254,734     3,491,260
        Cash and cash equivalents                               20       8,808,791     4,812,533
                                                                        88,516,285    87,956,341
        Total assets                                                   145,592,984   144,600,029
                                                                       Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   035




                        Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                  As at 30 June 2026




                                                                      Unaudited                     Audited
                                                                        30 June                31 December
                                                                           2026                       2025
                                                      Note             HK$’000                     HK$’000
 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                         21            22,071,756                   22,071,756
 Capital reserve                                       21               730,539                       59,019
 Other reserves                                        21             4,478,180                    2,483,127
 Retained earnings                                                    9,040,788                   11,026,643
                                                                     36,321,263                   35,640,545
 Non-controlling interests                                           10,411,766                    7,797,337
 Total equity                                                        46,733,029                   43,437,882
 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Bank and other borrowings                             22            25,913,651                   26,028,825
 Lease liabilities                                     15               180,359                      198,056
 Deferred income                                                         11,740                       17,505
 Due to the ultimate holding company                   26             4,791,009                    2,775,145
 Deferred income tax liabilities                                      7,277,971                    7,090,558
                                                                     38,174,730                   36,110,089
 Current liabilities
 Bank and other borrowings                             22            12,889,208                   11,741,217
 Contract liabilities                                                10,434,003                   11,549,831
 Trade and other payables                              23            14,089,267                   17,460,886
 Lease liabilities                                     15                61,035                       82,453
 Due to the immediate holding company                  26             4,395,962                    4,174,740
 Due to the ultimate holding company                   26            12,948,666                   11,295,793
 Tax payable                                                          5,867,084                    8,747,138
                                                                     60,685,225                   65,052,058
 Total liabilities                                                   98,859,955                 101,162,147
 Total equity and liabilities                                       145,592,984                 144,600,029

The above interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction
with the accompanying notes.

The interim condensed consolidated financial information on pages 32 to 81 was approved by the Board
of Directors on 27 August 2026 and was signed on its behalf.

Mr. WANG Yuwen                                    Dr. XIANG Dong
Director                                          Director
036   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                                       Attributable to the owners of the Company                   Non-
                                                              Share          Capital       Other      Retained               controlling         Total
                                                             capital        reserve     reserves      earnings         Total interests         equity
                                                            HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000
        Balance at 1 January 2026                         22,071,756         59,019    2,483,127 11,026,643 35,640,545         7,797,337 43,437,882
        Comprehensive income for the six
           months ended 30 June 2026
        Loss for the interim period                               –               –            –    (1,985,855) (1,985,855)       49,856    (1,935,999)
        Other comprehensive income:
        Exchange differences on translation
           of foreign operations                                  –               –    1,991,277             –     1,991,277    347,907     2,339,184
        Recognition of change in other
           comprehensive income transfer
           to investment properties (note 14)                     –               –        3,776             –        3,776            –        3,776
        Total comprehensive income
           for the interim period                                 –               –    1,995,053    (1,985,855)       9,198     397,763       406,961
        Transactions with owners in
            their capacity as owners
        Disposal of a subsidiary                                  –               –            –             –            –     (106,800)    (106,800)
        Capital increase and deemed disposal
            of equity interest in a subsidiary                    –         671,520            –             –      671,520    2,323,466    2,994,986
        Total transactions with owners                            –         671,520            –             –      671,520    2,216,666    2,888,186
        Balance at 30 June 2026                           22,071,756        730,539    4,478,180     9,040,788 36,321,263 10,411,766 46,733,029
                                                                                                   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   037




                                  Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                     Attributable to the owners of the Company                              Non-
                                            Share         Capital         Other       Retained                        controlling          Total
                                           capital       reserve       reserves       earnings            Total         interests         equity
                                         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000
 Balance at 1 January 2025             22,071,756        59,019      1,027,997 15,391,191 38,549,963                 6,769,996 45,319,959
 Comprehensive income for the six
    months ended 30 June 2025
 Loss for the interim period                    –              –              –    (2,618,042) (2,618,042)              110,709       (2,507,333)
 Other comprehensive income:
 Exchange differences on translation
    of foreign operations                       –              –       830,733                 –       830,733          105,763          936,496
 Share of other comprehensive income
    of an associate                             –              –         1,238                 –          1,238                 –           1,238
 Total comprehensive income
    for the interim period                      –              –       831,971     (2,618,042) (1,786,071)              216,472       (1,569,599)
 Transactions with owners in
     their capacity as owners
 Dividends provided for or paid                 –              –              –                –               –          (6,186)          (6,186)
 Total transactions with owners                 –              –              –                –               –          (6,186)          (6,186)
 Balance at 30 June 2025               22,071,756        59,019      1,859,968 12,773,149 36,763,892                 6,980,282 43,744,174


The above interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction
with the accompanying notes.
038   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                           Unaudited
                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2026            2025
                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000
        Cash flows from operating activities
        Cash generated from operations                                 781,878       5,966,781
        Interest paid                                                 (696,082)     (1,188,554)
        Interest received                                               22,485          43,437
        Income tax paid                                             (2,218,565)     (3,182,979)
        Net cash flows (used in)/generated from
          operating activities                                      (2,110,284)      1,638,685
        Cash flows from investing activities
        Payments of loans to joint ventures                          (107,635)          (65,130)
        Repayments of loans to joint ventures                               –             5,037
        Capital injection to joint ventures                            (2,266)          (94,671)
        Purchases of property, plant and equipment                    (68,063)        (165,617)
        Purchases of investment properties under development          (54,414)          (10,643)
        Proceeds from disposals of an associate                         5,712                 –
        Proceeds from disposals of a subsidiary                       310,162                 –
        Interest received from loans to related parties                 7,021                84
        Dividends received from joint ventures and associates         198,275                 –
        Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss                                     339,900                 –
        Loans to non-controlling interests                           (360,861)                –
        Net cash flows generated from/(used in)
          investing activities                                        267,831         (330,940)
                                                                        Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   039




                                Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                             Unaudited
                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2026            2025
                                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000
 Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                               7,137,546                     9,443,416
 Repayments of bank and other borrowings                              (7,055,745)                   (9,967,936)
 Proceeds from loans from the ultimate holding company                 8,362,836                     3,929,510
 Repayments of loans from the ultimate holding company                (2,543,585)                   (4,620,713)
 Proceeds from loans from the immediate holding company                  300,000                               –
 Repayments of loans from the immediate holding company                 (100,000)                              –
 Loans from a fellow subsidiary                                            2,266                               –
 Repayments of loans from fellow subsidiaries                            (57,783)                       (57,532)
 Repayments of loans from joint ventures                                (135,960)                              –
 Capital element of lease payments                                       (57,755)                       (38,621)
 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                   –                          (6,186)
 Repayments of loans from non-controlling interests                     (223,591)                     (945,366)
 Net cash flows generated from/(used in)
   financing activities                                                5,628,229                    (2,263,428)
 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                  3,785,776                       (955,683)
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
   of the interim period                                               4,812,533                     5,786,000
 Exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents                        210,482                          84,770
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the interim period                8,808,791                     4,915,087


The above interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.
040   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information


      1        General information
               Shenzhen Investment Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong
               Kong. The address of the Company’s registered office is located at 8th Floor, New East Ocean
               Centre, 9 Science Museum Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The Company is an investment holding
               company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally
               engaged in property development, property investment, property management and manufacture
               operation.

               In the opinion of the directors, the immediate holding company of the Company is Shum Yip
               Holdings Company Limited (“Shum Yip Holdings”, 深業（集團）有限公司), which is a private
               company incorporated in Hong Kong. The ultimate holding company of the Company is 深業集
               團有限公司 (“Shum Yip Group”), which is a state-owned company established in Shenzhen, the
               People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

               The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

               The interim condensed consolidated financial information comprises the condensed consolidated
               statement of financial position as at 30 June 2026, the condensed consolidated statement of
               profit or loss, the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the condensed
               consolidated statement of changes in equity and the condensed consolidated statement of cash
               flows for the six-month period then ended, and selected explanatory notes (the “Interim Financial
               Information”).

               The Interim Financial Information is presented in Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”) and all values are
               rounded to the nearest thousand (HK$’000) except when otherwise indicated.

               This Interim Financial Information was approved for issue by the Board of Directors of the Company
               on 27 August 2026 and has not been audited.
                                                                      Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   041




                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




2   Basis of preparation
    2.1 The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June
         2026 has been prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The
         interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the information and
         disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction
         with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December
         2025.


         The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2025 that is included
         in the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position as comparative
         information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial
         statements for that year but is derived from those financial statements. Further information
         relating to those statutory financial statements required to be disclosed in accordance with
         section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance is as follows:

         The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025
         to the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to,
         the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The Company’s auditor has reported on the financial
         statements for the year ended 31 December 2025. The auditor’s report was unqualified;
         did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of
         emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain a statement under section 406(2),
         407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

         The interim comparative financial information of the Group which comprises the condensed
         consolidated statement of profit or loss, condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive
         income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated
         statement of cash flows of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and other
         explanatory information have not been audited or reviewed.
042   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      2        Basis of preparation (Continued)
               2.1 (Continued)
                         (a) New and amended standards adopted by the Group
                                   The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed
                                   consolidated financial information are consistent with those applied in the preparation
                                   of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
                                   December 2025, except for the adoption of the following amended HKFRS Accounting
                                   Standards for the first time for the current period’s financial information:

                                   Amendments to HKFRS 9                  Amendments to the Classification and
                                     and HKFRS 7                            Measurement of Financial Instruments
                                   Amendments to HKFRS 9                  Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent
                                     and HKFRS 7                            Electricity
                                   Annual lmprovements to                 Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,
                                     HKFRS Accounting                       HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7
                                     Standards – Volume 11

                                   The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the interim condensed
                                   consolidated financial information.
                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   043




              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




2   Basis of preparation (Continued)
    2.1 (Continued)
        (b) Impact of standards issued but not yet applied by the Group
            The Group has not applied the following new and amended HKFRS Accounting
            Standards, that are expected to be relevant to the Group and have been issued but
            are not yet effective, in these interim financial statements. The Group intends to
            apply these new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they
            become effective.

                                                                                    Effective for the
                                                                                     annual periods
                                                                                           beginning
                                                                                          on or after
             HKFRS 18                   Presentation and Disclosure in                 1 January 2027
                                           Financial Statements
             HKFRS 19 and its           Subsidiaries without Public                    1 January 2027
               amendments                  Accountability: Disclosures
             HKFRS 20                   Regulatory Assets and Regulatory               1 January 2029
                                           Liabilities
             Amendments to              Sale or Contribution of Assets               To be determined
               HKFRS 10 and                between an Investor and its
               HKAS 28                     Associate or Joint Venture
             Amendments to              Translation to a Hyperinflationary             1 January 2027
               HKAS 21                     Presentation Currency

            The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new or
            amended standards and interpretations, certain of which are relevant to the Group’s
            operations. According to the preliminary assessment made by the Group, no material
            impact on the financial performance and position of the Group in the current or future
            reporting period and on foreseeable future transactions is expected when they become
            effective except HKFRS 18.
044   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      2        Basis of preparation (Continued)
               2.1 (Continued)
                         (b) Impact of standards issued but not yet applied by the Group
                                   (Continued)
                                   HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of
                                   sections have been brought forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18
                                   introduces new requirements for presentation within the statement of profit or loss,
                                   including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income
                                   and expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories:
                                   operating, investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued operations and to
                                   present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures about management-
                                   defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements
                                   on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in
                                   both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements previously
                                   included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting
                                   Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial
                                   Statements. As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely
                                   applicable, amendments are made to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, HKAS 33
                                   Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are
                                   minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18
                                   and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards are effective
                                   for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application
                                   permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the
                                   new requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and
                                   disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.
                                                                          Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   045




                    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




2   Basis of preparation (Continued)
    2.2 Going concern basis
          Due to the volatility of the property market in the PRC and the unfavourable impact on the
          presale performance during the period and subsequent to the period end date, the directors
          of the Company have given careful consideration to the future liquidity and performance of
          the Group and its available sources of financing in assessing whether the Group will have
          sufficient financial resources to continue as a going concern for at least 12 months from 30
          June 2026.

          The directors of the Company are of the opinion that, taking into account the anticipated
          cash flows generated from the Group’s operations as well as the possible changes in its
          operating performance, the Group’s plan of land acquisitions; and the continued availability of
          the Group’s bank and other borrowings as well as the Group’s ability to raise new financing
          under the prevailing rules and regulations, and the financial support from the ultimate holding
          company, the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial obligations as
          and when they fall due within the coming twelve months from 30 June 2026.

          Accordingly, these interim condensed consolidated financial information have been prepared
          on a going concern.


3   Accounting estimates
    The preparation of Interim Financial Information requires management to make judgements,
    estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported
    amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these
    estimates.


4   Financial risk management
    The Group’s major operations are mainly located in the PRC and are subject to special
    considerations and significant risks. These include risks associated with, among others, the political,
    economic and legal environment, influence of national authorities over pricing regulation and
    competition in the market.
046   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      4        Financial risk management (Continued)
               The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (mainly including currency
               risk, interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Interim Financial Information
               does not include all financial risk management information and disclosures required in the annual
               financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s 2025 financial statements.

               There have been no significant changes in the risk management department, policies and
               procedures during the interim period.


               4.1 Financial risk factors
                         (a) Liquidity risk
                                   The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping
                                   based on the remaining period at the date of statement of financial position to the
                                   contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
                                   undiscounted cash flows and include interest.

                                                                                            As at 30 June 2026
                                                                                 Between          Between
                                                                   Less than        1 and            2 and            Over
                                                                      1 year      2 years          3 years         3 years        Total
                                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000
                                      Interest-bearing bank and
                                          other borrowings        13,797,646   11,822,191        7,990,256       7,510,895   41,120,988
                                      Lease liabilities               67,560       86,710           37,520          72,371      264,161
                                      Trade and other payables    12,504,564            –                –               –   12,504,564
                                      Due to the immediate
                                          holding company          4,454,696           –                –               –     4,454,696
                                      Due to the ultimate
                                          holding company         13,213,484    2,986,719        1,931,918              –    18,132,121
                                                                  44,037,950   14,895,620        9,959,694       7,583,266   76,476,530
                                                                          Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   047




               Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




4   Financial risk management (Continued)
    4.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
        (a) Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                               As at 31 December 2025
                                                         Between       Between
                                           Less than       1 and         2 and                Over
                                              1 year      2 years       3 years            3 years              Total
                                            HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000
              Interest-bearing bank and
                  other borrowings        12,878,612    8,675,226    8,220,025        11,182,992          40,956,855
              Lease liabilities              105,797       76,303       41,376            97,665             321,141
              Trade and other payables    16,011,773            –            –                 –          16,011,773
              Due to the immediate
                  holding company          4,322,594           –              –                   –        4,322,594
              Due to the ultimate
                  holding company         11,336,848    1,474,959    1,375,134                    –       14,186,941
                                          44,655,624   10,226,488    9,636,535        11,280,657          75,799,304


            The Group had adequate financial resources to repay these debts when they become
            due and payable.
048   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      4        Financial risk management (Continued)
               4.2 Fair value estimation
                         (a) Fair value hierarchy
                                   The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers into and transfers out of fair value
                                   hierarchy levels as at the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the
                                   transfer.

                                   The Group did not measure any financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value on a
                                   non-recurring basis as at 30 June 2026.

                                   The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by
                                   level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different
                                   levels are defined as follows:

                                   •         Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
                                             The quoted prices already incorporate the market’s assumptions with respect to
                                             changes in economic climate such as rising interest rates and inflation, as well
                                             as changes due to Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) risks (level 1).

                                   •         Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for
                                             the assets or liabilities, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is,
                                             derived from prices) (level 2).

                                   •         Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data
                                             (that is, unobservable inputs). This is the case for unlisted equity securities
                                             and for instruments where ESG risk gives rise to a significant unobservable
                                             adjustment (level 3).
                                                                            Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   049




                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




4   Financial risk management (Continued)
    4.2 Fair value estimation (Continued)
        (a) Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                                                       At 30 June 2026
                                                        Level 1       Level 2            Level 3                  Total
                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000            HK$’000                HK$’000
                Financial assets at fair value
                    through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)
                – Listed equity investments in
                      Hong Kong                            546             –                     –                   546
                – Listed equity investments in
                      Chinese mainland*                 36,468             –                     –               36,468
                – Unlisted equity investments in
                      Chinese mainland                       –             –             103,617               103,617
                Financial assets at fair value
                    through other comprehensive
                    income (“FVOCI”)
                – Unlisted equity investments in
                      Chinese mainland                       –             –                2,326                  2,326
                                                        37,014             –             105,943               142,957

            *         Chinese mainland: the People’s Republic of China, for the purpose of this interim report,
                      excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
050   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      4        Financial risk management (Continued)
               4.2 Fair value estimation (Continued)
                         (a) Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                                                                        At 31 December 2025
                                                                              Level 1    Level 2         Level 3      Total
                                                                             HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000
                                      Financial assets at fair value
                                          through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)
                                      – Listed equity investments in
                                            Hong Kong                            773          –               –        773
                                      – Listed equity investments in
                                            Chinese mainland *                40,614          –               –     40,614
                                      – Unlisted equity investments in
                                            Chinese mainland                       –          –          99,639     99,639
                                      – Wealth management products in
                                            Chinese mainland                       –          –         332,579    332,579
                                      Financial assets at fair value
                                          through other comprehensive
                                          income (“FVOCI”)
                                      – Unlisted equity investments in
                                            Chinese mainland                       –          –           2,237      2,237
                                                                              41,387          –         434,455    475,842
                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   051




              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




4   Financial risk management (Continued)
    4.2 Fair value estimation (Continued)
        (b) Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
            The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the interim period
            ended 30 June 2026 and 2025:


                                                                   30 June                31 December
                                                                      2026                       2025
                                                                   HK$’000                    HK$’000
             At 1 January                                           434,455                        99,508
             Fair value changes                                           –                           443
             Additions                                                    –                       491,220
             Decreases                                             (340,360)                     (163,876)
             Exchange differences                                    11,848                         7,160
             At 30 June                                            105,943                        434,455


            There were no transfers between the levels of the fair value hierarchy during the
            interim period. There were also no changes made to any of the valuation techniques
            applied as of 30 June 2026.
052   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      4        Financial risk management (Continued)
               4.3 Group’s valuation processes
                         The Group’s finance department performs the valuations of financial assets required for
                         financial reporting purpose, including Level 3 fair values. The financial department reports
                         directly to the executive directors. Discussions of valuation results are held between the
                         executive directors and the financial department at least once in every reporting period, in
                         line with the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates.


      5        Segment information
               The executive directors (chief operating decision-maker) assess the performance of the operating
               segments based on a measurement of operating profit. Information of segment assets and liabilities
               for the interim period are not included in the reports reviewed by the executive directors. Other
               information provided to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the
               2025 financial statements.

               Revenues between segments are carried out on terms agreed upon by the respective parties.
               The revenue from external parties reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner
               consistent with that in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss.
                                                                                               Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   053




                               Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




5   Segment information (Continued)
    The segment information provided to executive directors for the reportable segments for the six
    months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025 are as follows:

                                                                            Six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                  Property      Property        Property
                                               development    investment    management Manufacturing               Others               Total
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000

     Revenue from contracts with customers
         Recognised at a point of time           6,860,763             –          10,375        117,112           741,797         7,730,047
         Recognised over time                            –             –       1,731,435               –          158,063         1,889,498

     Revenue from other sources
         Rental income                                   –      657,597                –               –                 –          657,597

     Total segment revenue                       6,860,763      657,597        1,741,810        117,112           899,860        10,277,142
     Inter-segment revenue                               –       (21,010)       (102,465)              –          (14,529)         (138,004)

     Revenue from external customers             6,860,763      636,587        1,639,345        117,112           885,331        10,139,138
     Segment results before decrease in
         fair value of investment properties      (868,170)     253,381          126,094          8,801          (173,042)         (652,936)
     Losses resulted from changes in fair
         value of and transfer to investment
         properties                                      –      (222,653)              –               –                 –         (222,653)

     Segment results after decrease
         in fair value of investment
         properties                               (868,170)       30,728         126,094          8,801          (173,042)         (875,589)
     Share of results of joint ventures and
         associates                                                                                                                (222,913)
     Other income                                                                                                                     64,266
     Other gains                                                                                                                      76,239
     Fair value gains of financial assets
         measured at fair value through
         profit or loss, net                                                                                                          (5,903)
     Corporate and other unallocated
         expenses                                                                                                                    (53,667)
     Finance costs, net                                                                                                            (705,471)

     Loss before income tax                                                                                                      (1,723,038)
054   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      5        Segment information (Continued)

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                               Property     Property       Property
                                                            development   investment   management      Manufacturing     Others          Total
                                                               HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000

                  Revenue from contracts with customers
                      Recognised at a point of time          7,463,987            –          9,443          231,863    167,517      7,872,810
                      Recognised over time                           –            –      1,667,508                –    262,415      1,929,923

                  Revenue from other sources
                      Rental income                                  –     656,308               –                –           –      656,308

                  Total segment revenue                      7,463,987     656,308       1,676,951          231,863    429,932     10,459,041
                  Inter-segment revenue                              –       (9,042)       (83,174)               –     (16,830)     (109,046)

                  Revenue from external customers            7,463,987     647,266       1,593,777          231,863    413,102     10,349,995
                  Segment results before decrease in
                      fair value of investment properties      459,737     389,436         151,805            7,966    (268,600)     740,344
                  Losses resulted from changes in fair
                      value of and transfer to investment
                      properties                                     –      (99,669)             –                –           –       (99,669)

                  Segment results after decrease
                      in fair value of investment
                      properties                               459,737     289,767         151,805            7,966    (268,600)     640,675
                  Share of results of joint ventures and
                      associates                                                                                                     (666,569)
                  Impairment losses on investment in an
                      associate                                                                                                    (1,257,004)
                  Other income                                                                                                       108,875
                  Other gains                                                                                                           2,386
                  Fair value gains of financial assets
                      measured at fair value through
                      profit or loss, net                                                                                               1,118
                  Corporate and other unallocated
                      expenses                                                                                                        (48,667)
                  Finance costs, net                                                                                                 (687,688)

                  Loss before income tax                                                                                           (1,906,874)
                                                                      Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   055




                   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




5   Segment information (Continued)
    As the Group generates substantially all of its revenues from customers domiciled in Chinese
    mainland and majority of its non-current assets are located in Chinese mainland, no geographical
    information is presented.


6   Revenue
    Revenue, represents sale of completed properties, commercial and industrial goods, rental income,
    property management service income and others.

    Revenue from contracts with customers by major products and service lines is as follows:


                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2026            2025
                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000
     Revenue from contracts with customers
     Sales of properties                                             6,860,763                     7,463,987
     Property management service income                              1,639,345                     1,593,777
     Sales of industrial goods                                         117,112                        231,863
     Others                                                            885,331                        413,102
                                                                     9,502,551                     9,702,729
     Revenue from other sources
     Rental income                                                     636,587                        647,266
                                                                    10,139,138                   10,349,995


    No single customer contributed 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the six months
    ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.
056   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      7        Expenses by nature

                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2026            2025
                                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000
                  Cost of properties and inventories sold              6,166,585        6,602,696
                  Cost of services provided                            2,544,799        1,974,032
                  Employee benefit expenses                              421,760          393,049
                  Write-down of properties under development and
                    completed properties held for sale                 1,120,892         186,422
                  Advertising and promotion costs                        234,758         110,678
                  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment           35,323          37,925
                  Other taxes and levies                                  86,638          85,946
                  Others                                                 223,122         257,206
                  Total cost of sales and services, selling and
                     distribution expenses, administrative expenses
                     and other expenses                               10,833,877        9,647,954


      8        Other income

                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2026            2025
                                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000
                  Government grant                                         3,873            4,621
                  Interest income from joint ventures
                     and a non-controlling interest                       45,106          87,252
                  Compensation income                                      3,450           3,402
                  Others                                                  11,837          13,600
                                                                          64,266         108,875
                                                                     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   057




                   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




9   Other gains

                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000
     Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                   74,009                               –
     Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment               2,230                           2,386
                                                                        76,239                           2,386


10 Finance costs – net

                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2026            2025
                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000
     Finance income:
     – Interest income from bank deposits                              (22,485)                       (43,437)
     Finance costs:
     – Interest expenses of bank loans                                495,307                        617,662
     – Interest expenses of other borrowings                          110,383                        111,359
     – Lease liabilities                                                3,953                          6,421
     – Loans from the ultimate holding company                        231,616                        251,704
     – Loans from the immediate holding company                        69,163                         82,958
     – Loans from fellow subsidiaries                                  17,856                         24,184
     – Loans from a joint venture                                         781                          1,216
     – Loans from a related company                                         –                          2,809
     – Loans from non-controlling interests                            18,352                         37,880
                                                                      947,411                     1,136,193
     Less: amounts capitalised on qualifying assets                  (219,455)                     (405,068)
                                                                      727,956                        731,125
     Finance costs – net                                              705,471                        687,688


    Finance costs have been capitalised on qualifying assets at an average rate of 3.11% for the six
    months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: 3.56%).
058   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      11 Income tax expenses

                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026            2025
                                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000
                  Current income tax
                  – Chinese mainland CIT                                           219,297             314,418
                  – LAT in Chinese mainland                                         89,183             337,430
                                                                                   308,480             651,848


                  Deferred income tax
                  – Chinese mainland CIT                                          (109,876)           (102,448)
                  – Withholding tax on dividend                                     12,903               2,799
                  – LAT in Chinese mainland                                          1,454              48,260
                                                                                    (95,519)            (51,389)
                  Total                                                            212,961             600,459


               The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for the six months ended 30 June 2026 is calculated at
               16.5% (six months ended 30 June 2025: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable profits for the interim
               period. No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax was made as the Group has no assessable profits
               arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30
               June 2025: nil).

               No provision for taxation has been recognised for companies incorporated in the British Virgin
               Islands (“BVI”), as they are not subject to any tax for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six
               months ended 30 June 2025: nil).

               Under the relevant income tax law, the Chinese mainland subsidiaries are subject to corporate
               income tax (“CIT”) at a statutory rate of 25% on their respective taxable income during the interim
               period.

               Land appreciation tax (“LAT”) is levied at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the
               appreciation of land value, being the proceeds from sale of properties less deductible expenditures
               including amortisation of land use rights, borrowing costs and all property development
               expenditures.
                                                                       Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   059




                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




11 Income tax expenses (Continued)
   Dividend withholding income tax
   Pursuant to the Detailed Implementation Regulations for Implementation of the Corporate Income
   Tax Law, dividends distributed from the profits generated by the PRC companies after 1 January
   2008 to their foreign investors shall be subject to a withholding income tax of 10%. A lower 5%
   withholding tax rate may be applied when the immediate holding companies of the PRC subsidiaries
   are qualified as tax residents of Hong Kong according to the tax treaty arrangements between the
   PRC and Hong Kong.

   During the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, deferred income tax liabilities had been
   recognised for the withholding tax that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain
   subsidiaries in the PRC, as these earnings are expected to be distributed by the PRC subsidiaries
   and would be remitted to their overseas holding companies in the foreseeable future. The aggregate
   amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in Chinese mainland
   for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately HK$953 million at
   30 June 2026 (31 December 2025: HK$1,397 million).


12 Losses per share
   Basic losses per share are calculated by dividing the loss attributable to the owners of the Company
   by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the interim period.


                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2026            2025
    Loss attributable to the owners of the
      Company (HK$’000)                                              (1,985,855)                   (2,618,042)
    Weighted average number of ordinary
      shares in issue                                            8,898,793,115               8,898,793,115


13 Dividends
   On 27 August 2026, the Board of Directors has resolved not to declare the payment of any interim
   dividends for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: nil).
060   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties

                                                                          Property, plant         Investment
                                                                          and equipment            properties
                                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000
                  Six months ended 30 June 2026
                  At 1 January 2026                                             8,450,440         34,814,088
                  Addition                                                         82,872                  –
                  Transfer from completed properties held for sale                124,529             38,737
                  Transfer to investment properties                              (817,184)                 –
                  Transfer from property, plant and equipment                           –            817,184
                  Addition of investment properties under development                   –             54,414
                  Derecognition of right-of-use assets                             (7,367)                 –
                  Disposal of a subsidiary                                        (52,777)                 –
                  Recognition of change in other comprehensive income
                     transfer to investment properties                                   –              5,035
                  Decrease in fair value of and transfer to investment
                     properties                                                         –           (222,653)
                  Other decreases                                                 (15,202)                 –
                  Depreciation                                                   (207,875)                 –
                  Exchange differences                                            327,552          1,401,110
                  At 30 June 2026                                               7,884,988         36,907,915


               The Group’s investment properties are located in Chinese mainland and are held under medium
               lease terms. The Group’s investment properties were revalued at 30 June 2026 based on valuation
               performed by Jones Lang LaSalle Corporate Appraisal and Advisory Limited (“JLL”), an independent,
               professionally qualified valuation firm.
                                                                               Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   061




                    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties
   (Continued)
   The Group’s investment properties are all at Level 3 valuation. The Group’s property managers and
   the general manager of financial management department have discussed with the surveyors on
   the valuation assumptions and valuation results when the valuation is performed at each reporting
   date.

   Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of
   investment properties:

                                                       Significant
                               Valuation technique     unobservable inputs                      Range
    Investment properties –    Income capitalisation   Vacancy rate                             3% – 20%
       commercial properties      method                                                          (31 December 2025:
       and others                                                                                 3% – 20%)
                                                       Capitalisation rate                      2% – 7%
                                                                                                  (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                  3% – 7%)
                                                       Monthly rental                           15 – 500
                                                         (RMB/square meter/month)                  (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                   18 – 500)


                               Residual method         Vacancy rate                             10% – 15%
                                                                                                   (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                   10% – 15%)
                                                       Capitalisation rate                      5% – 6%
                                                                                                   (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                   5% – 6%)
                                                       Monthly rental                           30 – 51
                                                         (RMB/square meter/month)                  (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                   30 – 51)
                                                       Estimated developer’s                    7% (31 December 2025:
                                                           profit margins                          7%)
062   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties
         (Continued)

                                                                                  Significant
                                                          Valuation technique     unobservable inputs          Range
                  Investment properties –                 Income capitalisation   Vacancy rate                 5% – 25%
                     car parking space                       method                                               (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                                  5% – 25%)
                                                                                  Capitalisation rate          4%
                                                                                                                  (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                                  4%)
                                                                                  Monthly rental               250 – 850
                                                                                    (RMB per car parking          (31 December 2025:
                                                                                    spaces per month)             250 – 850)


                                                          Residual method         Vacancy rate                 25%
                                                                                                                  (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                                  25%)
                                                                                  Capitalisation rate          4%
                                                                                                                  (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                                  4%)
                                                                                  Monthly rental               250
                                                                                    (RMB/square meter/month)      (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                                  250)
                                                                                  Estimated developer’s        7%
                                                                                      profit margins              (31 December 2025:
                                                                                                                  7%)
                                                                      Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   063




                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




14 Property, plant and equipment and investment properties
   (Continued)
   The fair value of the Group’s investment properties in Chinese mainland is determined using income
   capitalisation method and residual method.

   Fair value of completed investment properties for commercial, residential and carparks is generally
   derived using the income capitalisation method which determines fair values by discounting the
   projected cash flows associated with the properties using capitalisation rates. The valuation takes
   into account expected market rental growth and vacancy rate of the respective properties. The
   discount rates used have been adjusted for the quality and location of the buildings and the tenant
   credit quality. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to the expected market rental
   growth, and negatively correlated to the vacancy rate and the capitalisation rate.

   Fair value of commercial properties and carparks under development is generally derived using the
   residual method which takes into account the residual value of the gross development value (“GDV”)
   after deduction of the outstanding construction costs and expenses as well as profit element. It
   involves firstly the assessment of the aggregate GDV of the proposed development, as if completed,
   as at the valuation date. Estimated costs of the proposed development include construction costs,
   marketing expense, professional fee, finance charges and associated costs, plus an allowance for
   the developer’s risk and profit. The outstanding development costs are then deducted from the GDV
   and the resultant figure is the residual value of the subject property.

   Certificates of ownership in respect of certain investment properties of the Group with a net
   carrying amount of approximately HK$3,128,553,000 as at 30 June 2026 (31 December 2025:
   HK$3,607,151,000) have not yet been issued by the relevant PRC authorities. The Group is in the
   process of obtaining the relevant certificates.

   As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s property, plant and equipment and investment properties with a
   net carrying amount of HK$1,030,000 and HK$12,172,396,000 respectively (31 December 2025:
   HK$1,007,000 and HK$11,702,919,000) were pledged to secure bank loans granted to the Group
   (note 22(a)).
064   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      15 Leases
               (a) Amounts recognised in the condensed consolidated statement
                         of financial position
                         The condensed consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts
                         relating to leases:


                                                                                     30 June         31 December
                                                                                        2026                2025
                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000
                            Right-of-use assets
                            Land use right                                             50,286             48,798
                            Buildings                                                 238,556            271,270
                                                                                      288,842            320,068
                            Lease liabilities
                            Current                                                    61,035             82,453
                            Non-current                                               180,359            198,056
                                                                                      241,394            280,509


                         Additions to the right-of-use assets during the interim period were HK$14,808,000 (six
                         months ended 30 June 2025: HK$26,022,000).


               (b) Amounts recognised in the condensed consolidated statement
                         of profit or loss
                         Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets during the interim period was HK$41,065,000 (six
                         months ended 30 June 2025: HK$44,301,000). Expenses relating to short-term leases and
                         low-value assets was HK$37,438,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: HK$23,991,000)
                         and HK$680,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: HK$939,000) respectively.

                         The total cash outflow for leases during the interim period was HK$99,304,000 (six months
                         ended 30 June 2025: HK$71,877,000).
                                                               Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   065




                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




16 Investments in joint ventures

                                                                                              30 June
                                                                                                 2026
                                                                                              HK$’000
    Opening balances                                                                        8,205,132
    Additions                                                                                  38,193
    Share of results                                                                          (92,808)
    Dividends                                                                                (190,339)
    Exchange differences                                                                      276,315
    Closing balances                                                                        8,236,493


   As at 30 June 2026, the Group had an outstanding capital commitment to Shum King Company
   Limited (“Shum King”) (note 24).


17 Trade and other receivables

                                                               30 June                 31 December
                                                                  2026                        2025
                                                               HK$’000                     HK$’000
    Included in non-current assets
    – Other receivables – net                                   821,327                     1,159,323
    Included in current assets
    – Trade receivables – net (a)                             1,241,960                     1,551,632
    – Other receivables – net (b)                            10,266,815                     9,273,469
    – Prepayments (c)                                           107,039                       125,313
                                                             11,615,814                   10,950,414
066   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      17 Trade and other receivables (Continued)
               (a)       Details of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                      30 June        31 December
                                                                                         2026               2025
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000
                            Trade receivables                                       1,442,922           1,740,124
                            Less: provision for loss allowance                       (200,962)           (188,492)
                            Trade receivables – net                                 1,241,960           1,551,632


                         The Group normally does not grant any credit terms to its customers for the sale of
                         properties. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. In
                         view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large
                         number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The
                         Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivables
                         balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

                         As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s trade receivables with a net carrying value of approximately
                         HK$51,458,000 (31 December 2025: HK$50,838,000) was pledged to secure other
                         borrowings granted to the Group (note 22(a)).

                         An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on
                         the contract date, is as follows:


                                                                                      30 June        31 December
                                                                                         2026               2025
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000
                            Within 1 year                                             804,990           1,186,562
                            1 to 2 years                                              288,020             328,853
                            2 to 3 years                                              144,309              86,582
                            Over 3 years                                              205,603             138,127
                                                                                    1,442,922           1,740,124
                                                                           Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   067




                      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




17 Trade and other receivables (Continued)
   (b)   Details of other receivables are as follows:


                                                                            30 June                31 December
                                                                               2026                       2025
                                                                            HK$’000                    HK$’000
               Prepaid tax                                                3,920,171                     3,912,918
               Dividend receivable from joint ventures
                  and associates                                            610,905                       689,484
               Due from an associate                                         28,457                        26,770
               Due from joint ventures                                    2,545,484                     2,350,377
               Due from non-controlling interests                         1,070,381                       671,582
               Due from fellow subsidiaries                                   4,084                         3,782
               Due from the ultimate holding company                         26,690                        28,696
               Due from the immediate holding company                         1,258                         1,172
               Others (i)                                                 2,416,521                     1,930,220
                                                                         10,623,951                     9,615,001
               Less: allowance for impairment                              (357,136)                     (341,532)
               Other receivables – net                                   10,266,815                     9,273,469

         (i)       Others mainly included deposits, dividends receivable and current amounts due from fellow
                   subsidiaries of the Group.


   (c)   Details of prepayments are as follows:


                                                                            30 June                31 December
                                                                               2026                       2025
                                                                            HK$’000                    HK$’000
               For acquisitions of land                                       12,963                        12,465
               For construction costs and construction materials              12,885                         7,118
               Others                                                         81,191                       105,730
                                                                            107,039                        125,313
068   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      18 Properties under development

                                                                                  30 June        31 December
                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000
                  Construction costs                                            6,729,182           7,556,204
                  Land costs                                                   23,182,667          25,646,413
                  Less: write-down                                             (1,116,732)           (877,740)
                                                                               28,795,117          32,324,877


               During the interim period, the write-down of properties under development located in Chinese
               mainland of HK$200,706,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: Nil) was recognised in the Group’s
               condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss.

               As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s properties under development with a net carrying amount of
               HK$4,407,963,000 (31 December 2025: HK$4,238,735,000) were pledged to secure bank loans
               granted to the Group (note 22(a)).


      19 Completed properties held for sale

                                                                                  30 June        31 December
                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000
                  Completed properties held for sale                           38,683,045          37,826,880
                  Less: write-down                                             (2,792,296)         (2,045,973)
                                                                               35,890,749          35,780,907


               During the interim period, the write-down of completed properties held for sale located in Chinese
               mainland of HK$920,185,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: HK$186,422,000) was recognised
               in the Group’s condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss.

               As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s completed properties held for sale with a net carrying amount of
               HK$1,366,357,000 (31 December 2025: HK$871,061,000) were pledged to secure bank loans
               granted to the Group (note 22(a)).
                                                                       Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   069




                   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




20 Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                       30 June                 31 December
                                                                          2026                        2025
                                                                       HK$’000                     HK$’000
     Cash and bank balances                                         12,063,525                      8,303,793
     Less: restricted cash(a)                                        (3,251,908)                   (3,482,059)
           bank deposits(b)                                              (2,826)                        (9,201)
     Cash and cash equivalents                                        8,808,791                     4,812,533


   As at 30 June 2026, cash and cash equivalents did not include housing maintenance funds of
   HK$66,774,111 (31 December 2025: HK$72,538,093) which were owned by the property owners
   but were deposited in the bank accounts in the name of the Group. Such deposits can be used by
   the Group for the purpose of public maintenance expenditures to be incurred at the sole discretion
   and approval of the relevant government authorities.

   (a)   Restricted cash mainly represented unreleased guarantee deposits for construction of pre-
         sale properties denominated in RMB placed in designated bank accounts as at 30 June
         2026, and will be released in accordance with certain construction progress milestones.

   (b)   These bank deposits were with original maturity over three months. The effective interest rate
         of these deposits as at 30 June 2026 was 1.07% per annum (31 December 2025: 0.97%
         per annum).
070   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      21 Share capital and reserves
               (a) Share capital

                                                                                    30 June        31 December
                                                                                       2026               2025
                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000
                            Issued and fully paid:
                            8,898,793,115 (31 December 2025:
                               8,898,793,115) ordinary shares                    22,071,756         22,071,756


               (b) Reserves
                         The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current period are
                         set out in the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity.


      22 Bank and other borrowings

                                                                                    30 June        31 December
                                                                                       2026               2025
                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000
                  Non-current
                  Bank loans – secured (a)                                        1,292,342            984,790
                  Bank loans – unsecured                                         21,136,429         17,891,540
                  Other borrowings – secured CMBS (a)                             3,484,880          7,152,495
                                                                                 25,913,651         26,028,825
                  Current
                  Bank loans – secured (a)                                          351,730            389,570
                  Bank loans – unsecured                                          8,496,895         11,183,700
                  Other borrowings – secured CMBS (a)                             4,040,583            167,947
                                                                                 12,889,208         11,741,217
                                                                                 38,802,859         37,770,042


               All of the non-current interest-bearing borrowings are carried at amortised cost.
                                                                  Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   071




                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




22 Bank and other borrowings (Continued)
   (a)   At 30 June 2026, loans amounting to approximately HK$9,169,535,000 (31 December
         2025: HK$8,694,802,000) were secured by certain of the Group’s assets with carrying
         amounts as below:


                                                                   Carrying Amount
                                                                  30 June     31 December
                                                                     2026            2025
                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000
          Property, plant and equipment
             (included land and buildings) (note 14)                1,030                         1,007
          Properties under development (note 18)                4,407,963                     4,238,735
          Completed properties held for sale (note 19)          1,366,357                       871,061
          Trade receivables (note 17)                              51,458                        50,838
          Investment properties (note 14)                      12,172,396                    11,702,919
                                                               17,999,204                    16,864,560


   (b)   At 30 June 2026, bank borrowings of approximately HK$25,618,190,000 (31 December
         2025: HK$25,202,033,000) were bearing floating rates.

   (c)   Except for the bank borrowings equivalent to approximately HK$13,634,410,000 (31
         December 2025: HK$13,949,487,000), which are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, all
         other borrowings as at 30 June 2026 are denominated in RMB.

   (d)   For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the average effective interest rate of the bank
         and other borrowings was 3.17% per annum (six months ended 30 June 2025: 3.58% per
         annum).
072   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      23 Trade and other payables

                                                                                      30 June        31 December
                                                                                         2026               2025
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000
                  Trade payables (a)                                                5,641,382              7,791,632
                  Other payables and accruals (b)                                   8,221,038              9,528,162
                  Other taxes payables                                                226,847                141,092
                                                                                   14,089,267          17,460,886


               (a) Trade payables
                         The ageing analysis of the trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:


                                                                                      30 June        31 December
                                                                                         2026               2025
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000
                            Within 1 year                                           5,055,428              7,252,253
                            1 to 2 years                                              199,532                175,583
                            2 to 3 years                                              134,336                142,445
                            Over 3 years                                              252,086                221,351
                                                                                    5,641,382              7,791,632
                                                                        Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   073




                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




23 Trade and other payables (Continued)
   (b) Other payables and accruals
         Other payables and accruals mainly included deposits from property buyers and current
         accounts due to joint ventures, fellow subsidiaries and non-controlling interests of the Group.


                                                                        30 June                 31 December
                                                                           2026                        2025
                                                                        HK$’000                     HK$’000
          Accruals and other payables                                 3,823,836                      4,620,998
          Output VAT to be transferred                                  749,316                        965,762
          Employee benefits payable                                     809,179                        814,321
          Dividend payables to non-controlling shareholders             217,982                        231,416
          Due to joint ventures                                          19,959                        155,322
          Due to fellow subsidiaries                                  1,819,266                      1,788,299
          Due to non-controlling interests                              781,500                        952,044
                                                                      8,221,038                      9,528,162


24 Commitments
   Capital commitments outstanding at 30 June 2026 not provided for in the interim financial report
   were as follows:


                                                                        30 June                 31 December
                                                                           2026                        2025
                                                                        HK$’000                     HK$’000
    Commitments in respect of the acquisition of
      land and buildings, and development costs
      attributable to properties under development:
      Contracted, but not provided for                                7,515,079                      7,307,622


   The Group agreed a maximum capital contribution to a joint venture, Shum King, of
   HK$3,000,000,000 for its development of a piece of land in Hong Kong. As at 30 June 2026, the
   Group had an outstanding capital commitment to Shum King of HK$1,360,000,000 (31 December
   2025: HK$1,360,000,000).
074   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      25 Financial guarantees

                                                                                       30 June         31 December
                                                                                          2026                2025
                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000
                  Financial guarantees
                  – to the mortgage of purchasers of the Group’s
                        properties (a)                                                9,164,129         13,523,487
                  – to related parties of the Group (b)                                 212,879            223,419
                  – to the parties affected by the urban renewal project,
                        using their demolished properties as collateral
                        for the loan (c)                                                284,250             325,274


               (a)       Pursuant to the terms of the guarantees, if there is default of the mortgage payments by
                         these purchasers, the Group is responsible for repaying the outstanding mortgage loans
                         together with any accrued interest and penalty owed by the defaulted purchasers to banks.
                         The Group is then entitled to take over the legal title of the related properties. The Group’s
                         guarantee period commences from the date of grant of the relevant mortgage loan and
                         ends after the buyer of the Group’s properties obtained the individual property ownership
                         certificate.

                         The directors consider that in case of default in payments, the net realizable value of the
                         related properties can cover the repayment of the outstanding mortgage loans together with
                         any accrued interest and penalty and therefore no provision has been made in connection
                         with the guarantees.

               (b)       As at 30 June 2026, the Group has given guarantees amounted to HK$212,879,000 (31
                         December 2025: HK$223,419,000) in respect of bank loans and other borrowings to Taizhou
                         Shum Yip Investment Development Limited, a joint venture of the Group.
                                                                        Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   075




                  Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




25 Financial guarantees (Continued)
   (c)   During the interim period, the Group provided loan guarantees to the parties affected by the
         urban renewal project, using their demolished properties as collateral for the loan.

         Pursuant to the terms of the guarantees, if there is default on repayment by these affected
         parties, the Group is responsible for repaying the outstanding bank loans with any accrued
         interest and penalties owed to the bank. The Group is then entitled to take over the legal
         ownership of the repossessed properties. The Group’s guarantee period extends from
         the date of signing the guarantee contract until the affected parties obtain the ownership
         certificate of the repossessed properties.

         The directors consider that in case of default in payment, the net realizable value of the
         related properties is sufficient to repay the outstanding loans along with any accrued
         interest and penalties, and therefore no provisions have been made in connection with the
         guarantees.


26 Related party transactions
   In addition to the financial guarantees provided to the joint venture disclosed in note 25(b) and the
   capital commitments provided to a joint venture disclosed in note 24, the Group had the following
   significant related party transactions:


   (a) Financing arrangements
         (i)   The Group had certain financing arrangements with its related parties as at 30 June
               2026, as follows:


                                                                        30 June                 31 December
                                                                           2026                        2025
                                                                        HK$’000                     HK$’000
                 Loans from the ultimate holding company             17,416,533                    13,741,435
                 Loans from the immediate holding company             3,652,248                     3,448,574
                 Loans from fellow subsidiaries                       1,816,006                     1,783,087
                 Loans from non-controlling interests                   637,502                       813,763
                 Loans from a joint venture                                   –                       136,129
                                                                     23,522,289                    19,922,988
076   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      26 Related party transactions (Continued)
               (a) Financing arrangements (Continued)
                         (i)       (Continued)
                                   The balances are interest bearing at interest rates ranging from 2.16% to 6.00% per
                                   annum (31 December 2025: 2.16% to 6.65% per annum). The relevant finance costs
                                   for the interim period are disclosed in note 10.

                         (ii)      The Group had provided loans to its related parties as at 30 June 2026, as follows:


                                                                                          30 June        31 December
                                                                                             2026               2025
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000
                                      Loans to an associate                                 28,457             26,770
                                      Loans to joint ventures                            2,402,189          2,207,955
                                      Loans to non-controlling interests                 1,065,393            666,675
                                                                                         3,496,039          2,901,400


                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2026            2025
                                                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000
                                      Interest income from an associate                        609                 583
                                      Interest income from joint ventures                   39,471              66,615
                                      Interest income from non-controlling
                                         interests                                           5,026               5,198
                                                                                            45,106              72,396


                                   The balances are interest bearing at rates ranging from 0.05% to 8.0% per annum (six
                                   months ended 30 June 2025: from 3.5% to 8.0% per annum).
                                                                      Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   077




                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




26 Related party transactions (Continued)
   (b) Leasing arrangements
       (i)     The Group entered into leases in respect of certain leasehold properties from its
               related parties, with lease terms ranging from 1 year to 3 years. During the six months
               ended 30 June 2026, the amounts of rent payable by the Group under these leases
               to its ultimate holding company, immediate holding company and associate were
               HK$2,601,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: HK$3,738,000), HK$2,778,000 (six
               months ended 30 June 2025: HK$2,734,000) and HK$6,300,000 (six months ended
               30 June 2025: HK$5,197,000) respectively. The related interest expenses from its
               ultimate holding company and associate for the six months ended 30 June 2026 were
               HK$14,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: HK$170,000) and HK$391,000 (six
               months ended 30 June 2025: HK$586,000) respectively.

       (ii)    The Group also entered into lease arrangements with its ultimate holding company
               as a lessor. For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the rental income in respect
               of the lease arrangement was HK$2,770,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
               HK$4,899,000).

       (iii)   The prices for the above transactions were determined based on mutual agreement
               between the parties.


   (c) Other related party transactions
       (i)     The Group entered into arrangements with its ultimate holding company and fellow
               subsidiaries in which the Group provides management services (training and property
               management). For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the management fee income
               in respect of the management services provided to the ultimate holding company and
               fellow subsidiaries were HK$512,000 and HK$27,011,000 respectively (six months
               ended 30 June 2025: HK$897,000 and HK$19,882,000).
078   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      26 Related party transactions (Continued)
               (c) Other related party transactions (Continued)
                         (ii)      The Group entered into the development and construction services agreement with
                                   the parent of its non-controlling interest. The parent of its non-controlling interest will
                                   provide development, construction, marketing and other services to the Group. The
                                   service fee shall be determined and accrued and payable by the Group to the parent
                                   of its non-controlling interest. For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the cost in
                                   respect of these services was HK$6,429,000, included value-added tax (six months
                                   ended 30 June 2025: HK$110,591,000). This transaction constitutes the continuing
                                   connected transactions under Hong Kong Listing Rules.

                         (iii)     The Group entered into the Digital Platform Development Agreements and the Digital
                                   Platform Repair and Maintenance Services Agreements with its ultimate holding
                                   company and fellow subsidiaries for the provision of services of development and
                                   maintenance of digital platforms and systems. For the six months ended 30 June
                                   2026, the service fee income in respect of the development and maintenance services
                                   provided to the ultimate holding company and fellow subsidiaries were HK$1,058,000
                                   and HK$368,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: HK$110,000 and HK$1,138,000)
                                   respectively.

                         (iv)      The Group also entered into arrangements with its fellow subsidiaries which provide
                                   hotel management services to the Group. For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the
                                   management fee in respect of these event management services was HK$697,000 (six
                                   months ended 30 June 2025: HK$3,551,000).

                         (v)       The Group entered into a transfer agreement with its fellow subsidiary on 6 February
                                   2026, pursuant to which the Group disposed of a 70% equity interest in its subsidiary
                                   at a total cash consideration of HK$310,161,000. As at 30 June 2026, the Group
                                   ceased to hold any equity interest in the subsidiary and its financial results no longer
                                   be consolidated into the financial statements of the Group.
                                                                    Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   079




                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




26 Related party transactions (Continued)
   (c) Other related party transactions (Continued)
       (vi)    The Group entered into a debt-to-equity swap agreement with its ultimate holding
               company on 30 March 2026, pursuant to which the ultimate holding company made
               a capital contribution of HK$2,994,986,000 through the conversion of the aggregate
               principal amount of its loans due from a subsidiary into equity investment to this
               subsidiary. As at 30 June 2026, the Group and its ultimate holding company hold
               approximately 64.36% and 35.64% equity interest in the subsidiary.

       (vii)   The prices for the above-mentioned transactions with related parties were determined
               based on mutual agreement between the parties.


   (d) Outstanding balances with related parties:

                                                                     30 June                31 December
                                                                        2026                       2025
                                                                     HK$’000                    HK$’000
         Due from joint ventures                                     143,295                        142,422
         Due from non-controlling interests                            4,988                          4,907
         Due from fellow subsidiaries                                  4,084                          3,782
         Due from the ultimate holding company                        26,690                         28,696
         Due from the immediate holding company                        1,258                          1,172
                                                                     180,315                        180,979
080   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




      26 Related party transactions (Continued)
               (d) Outstanding balances with related parties: (Continued)

                                                                                     30 June        31 December
                                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000
                            Due to the ultimate holding company                      323,142             329,503
                            Due to the immediate holding company                     743,714             726,166
                            Due to a joint venture                                    19,959              19,193
                            Due to fellow subsidiaries                                 3,260               5,212
                            Due to non-controlling interests                         143,998             138,281
                                                                                   1,234,073           1,218,355


                         These balances are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.


               (e) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2026            2025
                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000
                            Short term employee benefits                                3,925                5,011
                            Post-employment benefits                                      309                  681
                            Share-based payments                                            –                    –
                            Total compensation paid to key management
                               personnel                                                4,234                5,692
                                                                           Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   081




                   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information




27 Contingencies
   On 29 November 2024, Chengdu Fengze Investment Co., Ltd and Shum Yip Terra (Holdings)
   Company Limited (collectively, “Subsidiaries”), both being non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
   Group, received a statement of claim from the Intermediate People Court of Chengdu City regarding
   the claims by Sichuan Haofu Industrial Co., Ltd. against the Subsidiaries and four individuals (all of
   the individuals are not directors or senior management of the Company) regarding the disputes in
   earnings distribution over the investment of “198” Congshu Area in Chenghua district, Chengdu, the
   People’s Republic of China, with a claim amount of approximately RMB220 million. The first trial of
   the case commenced on 24 December 2024 and is now in progress. Chengdu Fengze Investment
   Co., Ltd and Shum Yip Terra (Holdings) Company Limited have engaged external legal advisers to
   handle the litigation, and will rigorously defend the litigation to protect the legitimate interest of the
   Group. Based on the current assessment and the legal opinions, management considers that the
   litigation has no material adverse financial impact on the operations of the Group.


28 Subsequent events after the reporting period
   There have been no material subsequent events.
082   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Disclosure of Interests


      Directors’ Interests in Shares
      As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the directors and chief executive of the Company
      in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and any associated corporations (within
      the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which were required to be
      notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant
      to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which were taken or
      deemed to be held by them under such provisions of SFO), or which were recorded in the register required
      to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO or which were required to be notified to the Company and the
      Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
      “Model Code”) adopted by the Company were as follows:


      Long positions in the shares (“Shares”) and underlying shares of the
      Company:

                                                                                  Number of         Percentage of
        Name of director                                  Capacity           ordinary Shares       Shares in issue
                                                                                                             (Note)
        LI Wai Keung                                      Beneficial owner        1,180,880                   0.01

      Note:      The percentage was calculated based on 8,898,793,115 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.
                                                                           Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   083




                                                                               Disclosure of Interests




Save as disclosed above, none of the directors and chief executive of the Company had, as at 30 June
2026, any interests or short positions in any Shares and underlying shares or debentures of the Company
or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to
be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including interests or short positions which were taken or deemed to be held by them under such
provisions of SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under
Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code.

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a
party to any arrangement to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of Shares in, or debt securities (including debentures) of, the Company or its associated
corporations and none of the directors, or their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any rights to
subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or its associated corporations, or had exercised any
such rights.


Interests of Substantial Shareholders
So far as is known to any director or chief executive of the Company, as at 30 June 2026, the interests
and short positions of the shareholders (other than directors or chief executive of the Company) in the
Shares and underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the
provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to
be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:
084   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Disclosure of Interests




                                                                                     Number of ordinary Shares     Percentage of
           Name                                           Capacity                 Long Position Short Position   Shares in issue
                                                                                                                          (Note 1)
           Shum Yip Group Limited*                        Interest in controlled   5,622,994,189             –              63.19
             (“SYG”)                                          corporation                 (Note 2)

           Shum Yip Holdings Company                      Beneficial owner         5,546,307,730             –              62.33
             Limited (“SYH”)
                                                          Interest in controlled      76,686,459             –               0.86
                                                              corporation                 (Note 3)

           ALPHA-OMEGA CORPORATION                        Beneficial owner          981,486,312              –              11.03

      Notes:

      1.          The percentage was calculated based on 8,898,793,115 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.

      2.          SYG is deemed to be interested in the 5,622,994,189 Shares which SYH is interested in by virtue of SYH being
                  its direct 90%-owned subsidiary.

      3.          These 76,686,459 Shares were held by Goldclass Industrial Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Successful
                  Years Holdings Limited, which in turn is wholly-owned by Shum Yip Finance Company Limited (“SYF”). SYF is a
                  wholly-owned subsidiary of SYH and accordingly, SYH is deemed to be interested in these 76,686,459 Shares.

      *           The English translation is for identification purposes only.


      Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, the Company had not been notified by any person (other
      than directors and chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares and
      underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions
      of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept
      under Section 336 of the SFO.
                                                                          Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   085




                                                                         Other Information


Share Option Scheme
The Company adopted a share option scheme on 31 May 2022 (“Share Option Scheme”). No options have
been granted under the Share Option Scheme since its adoption. 889,879,311 options are available for
grant at the beginning and end of the six months ended 30 June 2026 under the Share Option Scheme.

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Share
Option Scheme was 889,879,311 representing approximately 10.0% of the weighted average number of
shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) during the period.


Interim Dividend
The Board has resolved not to declare an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026.


Corporate Governance
During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company has applied the principles and complied with all
code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”),
except for the deviation from code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as expressly stated below.

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be
separate and should not be performed by the same individual. During the six months ended 30 June
2026, Mr. WANG Yuwen (“Mr. WANG”) continued to act as the President of the Company after he assumed
the role of the Chairman of the Board on 29 April 2025, which deviates from the above code provision
C.2.1. However, such arrangement is temporary in nature and the Company is in the process of identifying
a suitable candidate with appropriate experience as its President. The Board considers that Mr. WANG
has extensive experience and knowledge in management and is familiar with the business operations
of the Company. Having Mr. WANG as the Chairman of the Board and President before a new President
takes office can ensure the stability of the Company’s operations and facilitate the execution of the
Company’s business strategies. Under the supervision of other existing members of the Board, the Board
is appropriately structured with balance of power to provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of
the Company and its shareholders.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of The Company’s Securities
During the six months ended 30 June 2026, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including the sale of treasury shares
(as defined under the Listing Rules)). As at 30 June 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.
086   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Other Information




      Events During The Reporting Period
      Retirement and appointment of executive Director
      On 23 January 2026, Ms. Shi Xiaomei retired as an executive Director as she has reached retirement age.
      On 30 March 2026, the Company announced the appointment of Dr. Xiang Dong as an executive Director.
      For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 23 January 2026 and 30 March 2026.


      Connected Transaction – Disposal of 70% equity interest in Jinghua
      Electronics
      On 6 February 2026, Shum Yip Pengji Holdings Co., Ltd*（深業鵬基（集團）有限公司）(“Shum
      Yip Pengji”) (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into the share transfer agreement with
      Shahe Industrial Co., Ltd.*（沙河實業股份有限公司）(“Shahe Industrial”) and Shenzhen Jinghua
      Displays Electronics Co., Ltd.* （深圳晶華顯示電子股份有限公司） (“Jinghua Electronics”),
      pursuant to which Shum Yip Pengji has conditionally agreed to sell, and Shahe Industrial has conditionally
      agreed to purchase the 70% equity interest in Jinghua Electronics held by Shum Yip Pengji, for a total
      consideration of RMB273,752,500 in cash.

      Shahe Industrial was controlled by Shum Yip Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company.
      Accordingly, Shahe Industrial was a connected person of the Company and the transaction constituted a
      connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the highest applicable
      percentage ratio under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the transaction exceeds 0.1% but is
      less than 5%, the transaction is subject to the reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter
      14A of the Listing Rules, but is exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under
      Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 6
      February 2026 and 27 February 2026.


      Connected Transaction – Offsetting Debt Arrangements
      On 6 May 2026, Zhongshan Shenye Wansheng Investment Co., Ltd.*（中山市深業萬勝投資有
      限公司） (“Shenye Wansheng”) (a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into the
      offsetting debt agreements, pursuant to which, Shenye Wansheng shall transfer the title of the 57 units
      of office premises held by Shenye Wansheng (the “Offsetting Properties”) at an aggregate value of
      RMB30,358,512 to Zhongshan Wanye Property Development Company Limited*（中山市萬業房地產
      有限公司）(a 35.17% equity holder of Shenye Wansheng) for and on behalf of Shum Yip Group. The
      transfer of Offsetting Properties will be used to offset part of Shenye Wansheng’s outstanding shareholder
      loan owed to Shum Yip Group.
                                                                          Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   087




                                                                                        Other Information




Shum Yip Group, being the controlling shareholder of the Company, is a connected person of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the offsetting debt agreement involved Shenye
Wansheng disposing of the Offsetting Properties to offset part of its outstanding shareholder loan
owed to Shum Yip Group, the arrangement constituted a connected transaction of the Company. As the
highest applicable percentage ratio under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the offsetting
debt agreements exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, the offsetting debt agreements are subject to the
reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but are exempt from
the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For details,
please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 6 May 2026.


Major and Connected Transaction – Capital Increase and deemed
disposal of equity interest in a subsidiary
On 30 March 2026 (after trading hours), the Company, Shum Yip Pengji and Shum Yip Group entered
into the debt-to-equity swap agreement, pursuant to which Shum Yip Group agreed to make a capital
contribution of RMB2,604,290,000 to Shum Yip Pengji by way of a debt-to-equity swap. Upon completion
of the Capital Increase, the Company and Shum Yip Group will hold approximately 64.36% and 35.64%
equity interest in Shum Yip Pengji, respectively. Shum Yip Pengji will continue to be a subsidiary of the
Company and its financial results will continue to be consolidated into the financial statements of the
Group.

As the highest applicable percentage ratio under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect of the capital
increase is more than 25% but less than 75%, the capital increase constitutes a major transaction
for the Company and is subject to the reporting, announcement, circular and Shareholders’ approval
requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. Shum Yip Group, being the controlling shareholder of
the Company, is a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly,
the Capital Increase constitutes a connected transaction of the Company and is subject to the reporting,
announcement, circular and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules. The debt-to-equity swap agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder were
approved by the independent Shareholders at the annual general meeting held on 18 June 2026, at which
Shum Yip Holdings and its associates abstained from voting on the relevant resolution. For details, please
refer to the Company’s announcements dated 30 March 2026 and 18 June 2026 and the Company’s
circular dated 21 May 2026.
088   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Other Information




      Events After The Reporting Period
      Continuing Connected Transaction – Entering into the Shahe Century
      Valley Property Management and Relevant Services Framework
      Agreement
      On 22 July 2026, Shum Yip Property Operation Group Co., Ltd.*（深業物業運營集團股份有限
      公司）(“Shum Yip Property Operation”) (a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and Shum Yip
      Shahe Century Valley (Shenzhen) Investment Company Limited*（深業沙河世紀山谷（深圳）投資有
      限公司）(“Shahe Century Valley Company”) (a subsidiary of Shum Yip Group) entered into the property
      management and relevant services framework agreement (the “Framework Agreement”), pursuant to
      which Shum Yip Property Operation and/or its subsidiaries agreed to provide certain property management
      and relevant services to Shahe Century Valley Company and/or its subsidiaries. The Framework Agreement
      shall become effective upon execution by the parties’ authorised representatives and the affixing of their
      company seals, and shall have a term from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2028. The proposed annual
      caps for the transactions contemplated under the Framework Agreement for each of the years ending
      31 December 2026, 2027 and 2028 are RMB30,000,000, RMB30,000,000 and RMB30,000,000,
      respectively.

      As Shahe Century Valley Company is a subsidiary of Shum Yip Group, the ultimate holding company of
      the Company, it is an associate of a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the entering into of
      the Framework Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute continuing connected
      transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the highest applicable percentage
      ratio in respect of the annual caps exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, the transactions contemplated
      under the Framework Agreement are subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review
      requirements, but are exempt from the circular (including independent financial advice) and independent
      shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For details, please refer to
      the Company’s announcement dated 22 July 2026.


      Establishment of Sustainability Committee
      On 27 August 2026, the Company announced the establishment of a Sustainability Committee consisting
      of two executive Directors and one independent non-executive Director. The Sustainability Committee is
      mainly responsible for guiding and monitoring the Group’s environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”)
      and corporate social responsibility strategy, managing ESG and climate-related risks and opportunities,
      ensuring regulatory and listing compliance, evaluating stakeholder impacts, and reviewing annual
      sustainability reports for Board approval. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated
      27 August 2026.
                                                                            Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   089




                                                                                          Other Information




Save as disclosed above, the Group had no significant events since the publication of the Company’s
2025 annual report.


Material Changes
Save as disclosed in this report, there have been no material changes in respect of the future
development of the business of the Group (including the Company’s prospects for the current financial
year) since the publication of the Company’s 2025 annual report.


Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
(the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding
Directors’ securities transactions. Having made specific inquiries of all the Directors, each has confirmed
that he/she has complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.


Continuing Disclosure Requirements under the Listing Rules
In compliance with continuing disclosure obligations under the Listing Rules, the following information is
disclosed:


1.    Pursuant to Rule 13.21 of the Listing Rules
      Banking facilities with covenants in relation to specific performance of the controlling shareholder:

      On 26 June 2019, the Company as borrower accepted the facility letter (the “1st Facility
      Agreement”) relating to a revolving loan facility of up to RMB1,000,000,000 (the “1st Facility”)
      offered by a bank as lender. The 1st Facility is subject to annual review by the lender.

      On 11 May 2023, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (the “2nd Facility Agreement”)
      relating to a revolving loan facility of up to HK$500,000,000 (or its equivalent amount in RMB) (the
      “2nd Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The term of the 2nd Facility is 3 years.

      On 12 May 2023, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (the “3rd Facility Agreement”)
      relating to a term loan facility of HK$1,000,000,000 (the “3rd Facility”) offered by a bank as lender.
      The term of the 3rd Facility is 3 years.

      On 16 May 2023, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (the “4th Facility
      Agreement”) with certain banks as lenders relating to a term loan facility of HK$3,500,000,000 (the
      “4th Facility”). The term of the 4th Facility is 3 years.
090   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Other Information




               On 5 February 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (the “5th Facility
               Agreement”) relating to a term loan facility of HK$1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in US$) (the “5th
               Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The term of the 5th Facility is 3 years.

               On 6 February 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (the “6th Facility
               Agreement”) relating to a term loan facility of HK$300,000,000 (or its equivalent in RMB) (the “6th
               Facility”) offered by a bank as lender. The term of the 6th Facility is 3 years.

               On 24 April 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (the “7th Facility Agreement”)
               relating to a term loan facility of US$100,000,000 (or its equivalent in HK$) (the “7th Facility”)
               offered by a bank as lender. The term of the 7th Facility is 3 years.

               On 3 July 2024, the Company as borrower accepted a facility letter (the “8th Facility Agreement”)
               relating to a revolving loan facility of HK$1,000,000,000 (the “8th Facility”) offered by a bank as
               lender. The term of the 8th Facility is 3 years.

               On 16 September 2024, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (the “9th
               Facility Agreement”) relating to a term loan facility of up to HK$2,000,000,000 (the “9th Facility”)
               offered by a bank as lender. The term of the 9th Facility is 36 months.

               On 20 March 2025, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (the “10th Facility
               Agreement”) with certain banks as lenders for a HK$4,000,000,000 term loan facility (the “10th
               Facility”) for a term of up to 3 years.

               On 20 March 2026, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (the “11th Facility
               Agreement”) with certain banks as lenders for a HK$3,200,000,000 term loan facility (the “11th
               Facility”) for a term of up to 3 years.

               On 24 March 2026, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (the “12th Facility
               Agreement”) with a bank as lender for a RMB800,000,000 (or its equivalent in HK$) term loan
               facility (the “12th Facility”) for a term of up to 3 years.

               On 30 June 2026, the Company as borrower entered into three facility agreements (the “13th
               Facility Agreement”, “14th Facility Agreement” and “15th Facility Agreement”, respectively) with
               three banks as lenders in respect of term loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of
               HK$1,300,000,000, comprising (i) a term loan facility of up to HK$700,000,000; and (ii) two term
               loan facilities of HK$300,000,000 each (the “13th Facility”, “14th Facility” and “15th Facility”,
               respectively), each for a term of up to 3 years.
                                                                     Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026   091




                                                                                   Other Information




On 30 June 2026, in relation to the 7th Facility, the Company as borrower entered into a
supplemental agreement (the “1st Supplemental Agreement”) with the relevant bank, pursuant to
which, the 7th Facility Agreement was revised to include an additional event of default.

On 8 July 2026, in relation to the 10th Facility, the Company as borrower entered into a
supplemental agreement (the“2nd Supplemental Agreement”) with the relevant bank, pursuant to
which, the 10th Facility Agreement was revised to include an additional event of default.

On 31 July 2026, the Company as borrower entered into a facility agreement (the “16th Facility
Agreement”) with a bank as lender for a HK$400,000,000 term loan facility (the “16th Facility”) for
a term of up to 3 years.

On 31 July 2026, in relation to the 6th Facility, the Company as borrower entered into a
supplemental agreement (the“3rd Supplemental Agreement”) with the relevant bank, pursuant to
which, the 6th Facility Agreement was revised to include an additional event of default.

The 1st, 2nd and 3rd Supplemental Agreement, together with the 1st Facility Agreement, 2nd
Facility Agreement, 3rd Facility Agreement, 4th Facility Agreement, 5th Facility Agreement, 6th
Facility Agreement, 7th Facility Agreement, 8th Facility Agreement, 9th Facility Agreement, 10th
Facility Agreement, 11th Facility Agreement, 12th Facility Agreement, 13th Facility Agreement, 14th
Facility Agreement, 15th Facility Agreement and 16th Facility Agreement, are collectively referred to
as the “Facility Agreements and Supplemental Agreements”.

Under each of the Facility Agreements and Supplemental Agreements, it will be an event of default
if Shum Yip Holdings Company Limited ceases to own beneficially at least 35% of the issued share
capital of the Company, ceases to be the single largest shareholder of the Company, ceases to
have management control of the Company, or ceases to remain beneficially owned as to at least
51% by the Shenzhen Municipal People’s Government of the People’s Republic of China. For the
11th Facility Agreement, 12th Facility Agreement, 13th Facility Agreement, the 1st Supplemental
Agreement (refers to the 7th Facility Agreement), the 2nd Supplemental Agreement (refers to
the 10th Facility Agreement) and the 3rd Supplemental Agreement (refers to the 6th Facility
Agreement), it will also be an event of default if the aggregate principal amount of all shareholder’s
loan granted by any direct or indirect shareholder to the Company and any other member of the
Group (including any such shareholder’s loan being converted into equity of such member of the
Group at any time after the date of the agreement) shall be less than HK$14,000,000,000 (or its
equivalent in another currency or currencies) during the life of the respective facility. And, at any
time after the happening of an event of default, all sum payable under the facilities may become
immediately due and payable.
092   Shenzhen Investment Limited • Interim Report 2026




      Other Information




               As at 30 June 2026, all advances made under the 2nd and 4th Facility Agreements had been fully
               repaid.


      2.       Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
               Mr. LI Wai Keung, an independent non-executive Director, resigned as an independent non-
               executive director of Legend Upstar Holdings Limited (formerly known as Midland IC&I Limited, the
               shares of which were withdrawn from listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 30 March
               2026) with effect from 31 March 2026. Mr. LI was also appointed as an independent non-executive
               director of Midland Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
               (stock code: 1200), with effect from 20 April 2026.

               Dr. XIANG Dong, an executive Director, resigned as a non-independent director of Shenzhen Yantian
               Port Holdings Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000088.SZ)
               on 31 July 2026.

               The Company entered into a letter of appointment with Ms. CAI Xun, an executive Director, for a
               term of 3 years commencing on 27 August 2026, subject to retirement by rotation and re-election
               in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.

               With effect from 27 August 2026, Mr. WANG Yuwen, an executive Director, was appointed as the
               chairman of the Sustainability Committee of the Company, and Mr. YAN Zhongyu, an executive
               Director, and Prof. GONG Peng, an independent non-executive Director, were appointed as members
               of the Sustainability Committee.

               Save as disclosed above, there has been no other change in the information of the Directors
               required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the publication of the
               latest annual report of the Company.


      Review of Financial Information
      The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by
      the Group and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial information of the Group for the six months
      ended 30 June 2026.
                           股份代號 Stock Code: 00604




Interim Report 中期報告 2026




                                                    中期報告   202
                                                     Interim Report   6
