  H 股股票代碼 : 2238                                   H Share Stock Code: 2238
A 股股票代碼 : 601238                                 A Share Stock Code: 601238




                   廣州汽車集團股份有限公司




                     中期報 告 2025 Interim Report
CONTENTS
 3     Chapter 1   Chairman’s Statement

 9     Chapter 2   Corporate Profile and Summary of Business

 18    Chapter 3   Discussion and Analysis on Operation

 35    Chapter 4   Significant Events

 58    Chapter 5   Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

 61    Chapter 6   Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management

 64    Chapter 7   Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information

 110   Chapter 8   Definitions
     IMPORTANT NOTICE
    (I)   The Board, the supervisory committee and the directors,
          supervisors and senior management of the Company warrant that
          the contents contained herein are true, accurate and complete.
          There are no false representations or misleading statements
          contained in or material omissions from this report, and they will
          jointly and severally accept responsibility.


    (II) All directors of the Company have attended the meeting of the
         Board.


    (III) The condensed consolidated interim financial information of the
          Company is unaudited. The Audit Committee of the Company has
          reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Company for the
          six months ended 30 June 2025 and agreed to submit it to the
          Board for approval.


    (IV) Feng Xingya, the person in charge of the Company, Wang Dan,
         the person in charge of accounting function and Dong Yamin,
         the manager of the accounting department (chief accountant),
         warrant the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the
         condensed consolidated interim financial statements contained
         in this report.


    (V) The forward-looking statements contained in this report
        regarding the Company’s future plans and development
        strategies do not constitute any substantive commitment to
        investors and investors are reminded of investment risks.


    (VI) There is no non-operational appropriation of the Company’s funds
         by its controlling Shareholder and its related parties.


    (VII) The Company has not provided any third-party guarantees in
          violation of stipulated decision-making procedures.




2
               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                Interim Report 2025



Chapter 1

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



      CHAIRMAN’S
      STATEMENT




                                                      3
       Chapter 1

     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

                                                 Dear Shareholders,

                                                 D uring the f ir s t hal f of 2 02 5 , conf ronte d w ith
                                                 rigorous challenges encompassing an extremely
                                                 hyper-competitive market, rapid evolution of demand
                                                 structures and comprehensive reconstruction of
                                                 the industrial ecosystem, the Group experienced
                                                 downward pressure in terms of overall production,
                                                 sales and operational performance. To effectively
                                                   reverse the business situation, the Group persisted
                                                    i n a d v a n c i n g s t r ate g i c t r a n s f o rm at i o n i n a
                                                      “wartime footing” all along, closely adhering to
                                                       the three-year “Panyu Action”, and focusing
                                                        on the three major tasks of “stabilizing joint
                                                        ventures , for tif ying independence, and
                                                         ex p a n d i n g t h e e c o s y s te m”. T h r o u g h i n -
                                                         depth implementation of the three main
                                                          initiatives of “ transformation, reform and
                                                           reconstruc tion”, we have made positive
                                                           progress across several critical domains
                                                            and accumulated momentum for breaking
                                                            industr y deadlocks and achieving a
                                                         turnaround.


    Feng Xingya Chairman



    The deepening of reforms stimulated endogenous power. The Group has implemented an
    integrated reform by setting up a shared service center for its self-developed brands, thereby achieving
    an integrated operational control over research, production, supply, marketing and finance. The Group
    has reconstructed its macro research and development (R&D) architecture, promoting the procedural
    introduction of the IPD (integrated product development) management system to establish a “market +
    technology” dual-driven product development model. The standard development cycle for vehicle models
    will be shortened to 18 months. The Group has consolidated supply chain resources to establish an
    open, reliable and highly cost-competitive global industrial chain system, achieving a material reduction
    in procurement costs and improving both business and decision-making efficiency significantly. The
    Group has deepened its three institutional reforms, advancing the transformation of cadre management
    through the framework of “mission-driven selection, organization-oriented management, performance-
    anchored retention”, initiating competitive appointments for mid-level positions within the Group,
    and comprehensively implementing fixed-term appointments and contractual management, thereby
    collectively improving organizational efficiency.
4
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2025




                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



The fortification of independence united efforts to break through obstacles and achieve a
turnaround. Self-developed brands launched new models at an intensive pace, including the Trumpchi
S7, Trumpchi M8 QianKun, AION UT and Hyptec HL, accelerating the renewal and upgrade of their
product lineups. The international business experienced further expansion. In the first half of 2025,
the overseas terminal sales volume exceeded 50,000 units. So far, the Group has expanded its global
footprint to 84 countries and regions in aggregate. The Group strengthened its capacity for high-level
technological self-reliance and self-improvement, with its independent R&D capabilities continuously
improved. The Group filed over 1,600 new patent applications, and as of June 2025, its cumulative
number of patent applications exceeded 22,000. In the field of carbon reduction, the independently
developed third-generation hybrid system was successfully developed and put into mass production.
In the field of ICV, the Group unveiled its smart technology brand, ADiGO, and launched the GAC GSD
combined driving assistance system, with a “generative AI-based end-to-end architecture”. The Group
unveiled the “GAC X-soul Safety Protection System” for the first time, providing users with comprehensive
safety protection for intelligent travel. The Group collaborated with DiDi Autonomous Driving to jointly
unveil the industry’s first mass-produced vehicle equipped with pre-installed L4 highly autonomous
driving system featuring globalised adaptability. The Group also deepened its cooperation with Huawei
by establishing Huawang Automobile as a carrier for bilateral collaboration, aiming to forge a new high-
end intelligent new energy vehicle (NEV) brand. The first collaborative product is planned to be launched
in 2026.


The stabilisation of joint ventures accelerated the transformation towards intellectualisation and
electrification. GAC Toyota achieved a new breakthrough in its transformation towards electrification
by launching its first co-developed pure electric model, the bZ3X. It has been top-selling among joint-
venture pure electric models for two consecutive months since its market debut. The bZ7, as the first D-class
sedan equipped with HarmonyOS cockpit, made its debut at Auto Shanghai and aroused widespread
attention and favorable reviews. GAC Toyota’s main model, Camry, launched its smart travel version,
enhancing the intelligence experience. In the first half of 2025, the sales volume of Camry increased by
44% year-on-year, remaining at the forefront of the market segment. GAC Honda officially launched
the first strategic model P7 of its new electric vehicle brand based on Honda Yunchi’s architecture,
integrating Honda’s most advanced pure electric technology and configurations and leading the brand’s
transformation by leveraging the momentum of “nurturing innovation, envisioning intelligence”. By
focusing on key model supplies and closely coordinating production and sales, the sales volume of its
flagship models like Accord and Breeze all rebounded, thus consolidating its sales foundation.




                                                                                                                     5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    The expansion of ecosystem synergistically empowered the main businesses. GAC Component
    focuses on areas including intelligent chassis, car lights, thermal management and power systems,
    continuously refining the layout of investment in the industrial chain. GAC Business launched the
    Sun+ Care service brand to promote the transformation from price-based marketing to value-based
    marketing. It accelerated the deployment of industrial chain of energy ecosystem, with the first phase
    of 18GWh power batteries production line of IMPOW Battery being fully completed and commenced
    mass production. The Company has cumulatively built more than 1,600 domestic charging stations and
    over 17,000 charging terminals, ranking at the forefront among automobile enterprises in terms of the
    scale of charging terminals. Through consumption credit, dealer inventory financing and diversified
    financial products, the financial sector promoted automobile sales and provided strong support for the
    development of the main businesses.


    In response to the rapid evolution of market landscape, the Group is accelerating its efforts in reform and
    innovation as well as transformation and upgrading. However, there are still deficiencies in areas such
    as product competitiveness, operational efficiency of marketing system, and cost control. There is also
    tremendous pressure on short-term performance. Yet, challenges breed opportunities, and pressure fuels
    momentum. Drawing on GAC Group’s 28-year entrepreneurial journey of resilience through struggles
    and triumphs, we possess the conviction to identify and create opportunities amid the turbulent
    situation, transforming risks into springboards. In the second half of the year, we will take the three-
    year “Panyu Action” as our guideline, while persistently adhering to the customer-centric approach,
    proactively embracing customer demands to enhance customer experience, and earnestly fighting the
    “three critical campaigns” with a user-oriented approach. The Group will advance the two major tasks of
    overseas market development and the construction of a competitive cost control system. We will spare
    no effort to reverse the headwinds to achieve stabilisation and recovery in performance.


    Win the campaign for user demands by developing star bestsellers with precision. The Group
    will further refine the GAC’s macro-R&D architecture that “spans from user insights to product delivery”,
    focusing on fulfilling user demands thoroughly and ensuring that products not only possess solid
    practical and functional value, but also contain emotional value that resonates with users. The Group
    will continue to deepen the IPD reforms, achieve the integration of the main IPD process, and deeply
    integrate the workflows of various fields with product development activities to build an efficient
    decision-making system. The Group will establish a strategic system for star models, promoting the
    development of best-selling products from “accidental” to “inevitable”. The Group will comprehensively
    enhance its ability to understand users, and fully excavate and address the pain points of users in
    different usage scenarios to create differentiated core selling points. The Group will accelerate the pace of
    new product launches, and promote the market entry of new models under self-developed brands, such
    as Trumpchi S9, Hyptec HL extended-range version, brand-new C-class luxury sedans and the second-
    generation AION V extended-range version. In terms of joint venture brands, the Group will strengthen
    the sharing of R&D technology platforms to empower the transformation towards intellectualisation and
    electrification, and accelerate the localised development of self-developed automobile models.
6
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025




                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Win the campaign for product value by consolidating the competitive edge of products. The
Group will focus on the identification and cultivation of future core strengths in technology, to construct
a sustainable architecture seeking for technologically competitive advantage. The Group will refine the
coordination mechanism between technological planning and product planning, so as to ensure more
efficient conversion of technological innovation outcomes. The Group will promote the technological
upgrade for electrification and intellectualisation, forge and deepen the technological branding with
GAC characteristics, accelerate the R&D breakthrough of next-generation battery technology to attain
leading battery technology. Taking the electronic and electrical architecture equipped with vehicle-
cloud integration as the pedestal, the Group will empower the combination of driving assistance and
cockpit with AI to drive the upgrade of intelligence experience. The Group will promote the “Automobile
Chip Application Ecosystem Co-construction Plan”, strengthening the independent controllability of
key links along the industrial chain and propelling the coordinated development of the entire industrial
chain. The Group will deepen cooperation with partners such as Huawei, CATL and Tencent in areas like
intellectualisation, connectivity and electrification, and continue to fulfill users’ personalized demands
with technological innovation and superlative quality-price ratio, while creating more value for users.


Win the campaign for service experience by reconstructing the marketing and service system.
The Group will fully implement the IPMS (Integrated Product Marketing and Sales) system and enhance
the operational effectiveness of the vehicle model marketing team. The Group will build an integrated
marketing and service process system centered on users, fully introduce the NPS (Net Promoter Score)
indicator management and appraisal system, accurately identify the pain points of user satisfaction, and
systematically optimise the user experience throughout the entire life cycle. The Group will strengthen
its marketing service network system, accelerate its channel penetration in lower-tier cities, continuously
promote the sharing of self-developed brand service networks, expedite the construction of “GAC
Comprehensive Sales and Services Centers”, and create a new service system featuring “comprehensive
coverage, multi-tier engagement, and online-offline integration”. Further, it will deepen the fresh user
experience of the “golden triangle of marketing” encompassing “direct connection, direct service, and
direct operation”.




                                                                                                                    7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    Accelerate breakthrough in overseas markets, expanding growth potential. We remain steadfast
    in mobilising the entire Group’s strengths to penetrate the international market, and concentrated our
    resources on planning and developing core markets with an annual sales volume ranging from 50,000
    to 100,000 units. We will gain profound insights into the market demands in pivotal regions, ensuring
    precise alignment of the products with overseas market dynamics. We are dedicated to crafting multiple
    global star products with planned annual sales volume ranging from 50,000 to 100,000 units. Further, we
    will accelerate the construction and deployment of overseas KD (knockdown) plants, enhancing the scale
    and capacity utilisation rate of KD projects. We will also improve our overseas warehousing network,
    establish an active after-sales service system, deepen localised operations, and promote the overseas
    expansion of related supporting businesses such as automobile finance, mobility services, logistics and
    transportation, manufacturing and supply of parts, as well as energy ecosystems, thereby continuously
    enhancing our system capabilities.


    Intensify superlative cost control as solid foundation for development. The Group will vigorously
    propel cost reduction through platform modularisation, establish a platform-based cross-departmental
    collaboration mechanism, strictly control product configuration requirements, and streamline both the
    specifications and quantities of core components, thus effectively enhancing the platformisation rate. The
    Group will carry out normalised and institutionalised technical benchmarking initiatives, delving into the
    optimal technical solutions within the industry, and implementing superlative technical cost reduction.
    Centering on the implementation of an integrated procurement strategy for products throughout the
    entire process, the Group will consistently and comprehensively open up the supply chain, introduce
    suppliers offering cost advantages, and comprehensively enhance its QCD (quality, cost, delivery)
    competitiveness, aiming to forge an open, reliable, and highly cost-competitive global industrial chain
    system to achieve independent controllability over the core industrial chain.


    Standing at the critical juncture of industrial transformation, we will embrace change and rise to
    challenges more openly, with enhanced innovation and reinforced pragmatism, continuously igniting
    fresh momentum for high-quality development. We strive to achieve a sales volume of 2 million units
    for our self-developed brands by 2027. Through unwavering commitment to technology, safety, and
    high-quality products, we will revitalise GAC and achieve a second leap forward, consistently delivering
    increasingly comfortable mobility experiences for users!




8
               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                Interim Report 2025



Chapter 2

    CORPORATE
CORPORATE PROFILE AND
SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
      PROFILE AND
      SUMMARY OF
        BUSINESS




                                                      9
          Chapter 2

      CORPORATE PROFILE AND
      SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
     I.    CORPORATE INFORMATION
           Chinese name of the Company                廣州汽車集團股份有限公司
           Chinese abbreviation                       廣汽集團
           English name of the Company                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
           English abbreviation                       GAC Group
           Legal representative                       Feng Xingya



     II.   CONTACT PERSON AND CONTACT METHOD
                                                      Company Secretary/Secretary to the Board
           Name                                       Liu Xiangneng
           Address                                    No. 668 Jinshan Road East, Panyu District, Guangzhou
           Telephone                                  020-83151139
           Facsimile                                  020-83150319
           E-mail                                     ir@gac.com.cn



     III. BASIC INFORMATION
           Registered address of the Company          23/F, Chengyue Building, 448-458 Dong Feng Zhong
                                                       Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
           Office address of the Company              No. 668 Jinshan Road East, Panyu District, Guangzhou
           Postal code of the Company’s               511434
            office address
           Head office and principal place of         Room 808, Citicorp Centre, 18 Whitfield Road,
            business of the Company in Hong Kong       Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
           Company’s website                          www.gac.com.cn
           E-mail                                     ir@gac.com.cn
           Investor hotline                           020-83151139 Ext.3



     IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND PLACE OF INSPECTION
           Newspapers selected by the Company         China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
            for information disclosure                 Securities Times and Securities Daily
           Website designated by the CSRC for         www.sse.com.cn
            publishing the interim report
           Website designated by the Stock Exchange   www.hkexnews.hk
            for publishing the interim report
           Place of inspection of the                 No. 668 Jinshan Road East, Panyu District, Guangzhou
            interim report of the Company




10
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025




           CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



V. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY’S SHARES
                          Stock exchange of                  Stock
   Class of shares        listing shares                     abbreviation          Stock code


   A Shares               SSE                                GAC GROUP             601238
   H Shares               Stock Exchange                     GAC GROUP             02238



VI. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
   The existing principal businesses of the Group consist of R&D, manufacture of vehicles (vehicles
   and motorcycles), parts and components, commercial and mobility transportation services, energy
   and ecosystem, internationalisation as well as investment and finance, which form a complete
   closed-loop automobile industry chain.

   1.   Research and development
        With IPD process transformation at its core, the Company has built a large-scale R&D system
        and formed a “market + technology” dual-driven product development model. An end-to-
        end development process of “insight-demand-development-delivery” has been created to
        strengthen its systematic innovation capabilities.



   2.   Manufacture of vehicles
        (1)   Manufacture of passenger vehicles
              The manufacture of passenger
              vehicles is mainly conducted
              through its subsidiaries,
              including GAC Trumpchi and
              GAC AION, and joint ventures,
              including GAC Honda and GAC
              Toyota. During the Reporting
              Period, the Group launched
              new, upgraded and facelifted
              vehicle models such as GAC
              Trumpchi M8 QianKun, GAC
              Trumpchi S7, GAC AION UT,
              GAC Hyptec HL, GAC Toyota
              bZ3X and GAC Honda P7, etc.




                                                                                                                11
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



                       ➢       Products: The Group’s passenger vehicles include 12 series of sedans, 23 series of
                               SUV and 6 series of MPV.


                       The Group’s products mainly comprise:




     GAC Trumpchi   Trumpchi M8   Trumpchi M6    Trumpchi E8   Trumpchi GS8 Trumpchi GS3 Trumpchi Empow Trumpchi S7




     GAC AION       AION S Plus    AION Y Plus    AION RT        AION UT     Second-generation AION LX Plus
                                                                                  AION V




     GAC Hyptec     Hyptec SSR     Hyptec GT      Hyptec HT     Hyptec HL




     GAC Honda        Accord         Integra       Breeze        Avancier        Odyssey          e:NP2       P7




     GAC Toyota       Camry           Levin      Highlander     Wildlander     Frontlander       Sienna       bZ3X

                       The commercial vehicles are mainly manufactured by the subsidiary, GAC Commercial
                       Vehicle, with the main products being fuel-powered heavy-duty trucks, new energy
                       heavy-duty trucks, new energy light-duty trucks, new energy buses, pickup trucks, etc.




12
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Interim Report 2025




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



           ➢     Production capacity: As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total annual
                 effective vehicle production capacity amounted to 2,890 thousand units.


           ➢     Sales channel: Centering around the consumer demand for online
                 consumption, the Group focused on the operational management of new media
                 and construction on digitalisation. It constantly launched and optimised its order
                 tools for online direct sales, and strived to improve the operational efficiency of
                 APPs to provide a better automobile purchasing experience for customers. The
                 Group conducts automobile sales through sales outlets and online channels. As
                 at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company, together with its joint ventures
                 and associated enterprises, had over 2,200 4S sales outlets across 31 provinces,
                 counties, autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC. Overseas sales
                 outlets of self-developed brands amounted to over 570, with its sales and service
                 operations covering 84 countries and regions.


     (2)   Motorcycles
           The Group manufactures motorcycles through its joint venture Wuyang Honda. Main
           products include standard motorcycles, sport bikes, scooters, electric bicycles and
           electric motorcycles, etc. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total production
           capacity of motorcycles of the Group was 1.25 million units/year.



3.   Parts and components
     The Group’s production of parts and
     components of vehicles was mainly
     carried out through the subsidiaries,
     joint ventures and investee companies
     of its subsidiary GAC Component, the
     Group’s subsidiaries Ruipai Power and
     Lisheng Technology, and the Group’s
     joint ventures and associated companies,
     including GAC Toyota Engine and
     CATL GAC. The parts and components
     of vehicles mainly include engines,
     gearboxes, car seats, micro motors,
     shifter, power battery, electric drive,
     electric controller, and interior and
     exterior decorations, etc. The products
     were mainly accessories for manufacture
     of vehicles of the Group.




                                                                                                             13
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



       4.   Commercial and mobility transportation services
            The Group carried on businesses in vehicle
            sales, logistics, international trading,
            secondhand vehicles, supporting services,
            mobility transportation, etc., mainly through
            its subsidiary, GAC Business (as well as its
            subsidiaries and investee companies) and
            investee company, ON TIME, etc., in the
            upstream and downstream automobile industry
            chains.



       5.   Energy and ecosystem
            The Group constructed a vertically
            integrated new energy industry chain of
            “lithium mine + production of basic lithium
            battery raw material + battery production
            + energy storage and battery charging and
            swap service + battery leasing + battery
            recycling and gradient utilisation” through
            establishing UPOWER Energy, GAC Energy,
            IMPOW Battery and other companies.
            In response to the trend of new energy
            development, the Group actively expands
            energy and ecological businesses to build
            an integrated energy ecosystem, achieving
            leapfrog development in energy ecology,
            and innovative breakthroughs in software
            services (OTA + software value-added
            services).



       6.   Internationalisation
            The Group established GAC International to be responsible for
            the overseas market operation and sales services of its self-
            developed brands and promoting the implementation of various
            internationalisation measures such as medium and long-
            term overseas product planning, overseas factory construction
            planning and overseas channel operation planning.




14
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Interim Report 2025




           CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



    7.   Investment and finance
         The Group carried on
         automobile credit,
         insurance, insurance
         brokerage, financial
         investment, finance
         lease, and other
         related businesses
         mainly through its
         subsidiaries, namely
         Urtrust Insurance, GAC
         Finance Company, GAC
         Capital, China Lounge
         Investments, and
         joint ventures, namely
         GAC-SOFINCO, GAC-
         SOFINCO Leasing, etc.



(VII) A N A L Y S I S O N C O R E C O M P E T I T I V E N E S S D U R I N G T H E
      REPORTING PERIOD

    1.   Industry layout with complete industry chain and optimised structure
         The Group has formed an industrial strategic layout based in South China and radiating
         across the country, centering upon manufacture of whole vehicles, and its business covers
         seven segments including R&D, manufacture of vehicles, parts and components, commercial
         and mobility transportation services, energy and ecosystem, internationalisation, and
         investment and finance. The Group is one of the automobile groups in the PRC with the most
         integrated industry chains and the most optimised industry layout. The synergies between
         the upstream and downstream of the industry chain have progressed gradually, new profit
         growth points have been continuously emerging and the overall competitiveness has been
         constantly enhanced.




                                                                                                             15
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



       2.   Advanced manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality and procedural
            management
            The Group has comprehensive advantages in terms of manufacturing, craftsmanship,
            quality and procedural management which mainly include: (1) international leading quality
            advantage; (2) innovative advantage brought by “continuous improvement”; and (3) cost
            advantage originating from persistent refinement. By virtue of its strengths, such as flexible
            production of steel and aluminum bodies, digital autonomous decision-making, interactive
            customisation, and comprehensive energy utilization, GAC AION’s Smart Eco-Factory has
            been awarded the title of the “Lighthouse Factory”, which represents the highest global
            benchmark for intelligent and digital manufacturing.



       3.   Continued enrichment of product line and optimisation of product
            structure
            The Group has a full range of products including sedans, MPVs and SUVs, maintaining the
            market competitiveness of its products through continuous R&D, introduction of new vehicle
            models and product iterations, so as to adapt to changes in consumer demand, maintain
            customer loyalty and a widely recognised brand reputation. During the Reporting Period,
            the Group launched new, upgraded and facelifted vehicle models such as GAC Trumpchi M8
            QianKun, GAC Trumpchi S7, GAC AION UT, GAC Hyptec HL, GAC Toyota bZ3X and GAC Honda
            P7, etc.



       4.   Initiated the “GAC Production Model” for the R&D and production system
            of self-developed brands
            After years of introduction, digestion, absorption and innovation, the Group has accumulated
            funds, technologies, talents and experience, and formulated a world-class production system.
            For R&D, through the integration of advantageous global resources and the establishment
            of a global R&D network, the Group has formed a cross-platform and modular-structured
            forward development system, possessing the advantage of integrated innovation. The
            Group also owns the State-Certified Enterprise Technology Center, the overseas high-
            level talent innovation and entrepreneurship base, the national demonstration base for
            talent introduction, academician workstation, postdoctoral research workstation and other
            innovation platforms. GAC’s powertrain independent R&D team was awarded the title of
            “National Outstanding Engineering Team”. During the Reporting Period, with IPD process
            transformation at its core, the Group has rebuilt a large-scale R&D system and formed a
            “market + technology” dual-driven product development model. An end-to-end development
            process of “insight-demand-development-delivery” has been created to further strengthen its
            systematic innovation capabilities.




16
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Interim Report 2025




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



5.   Leading independent R&D capabilities in new energy and ICV
     In the field of new energy, the Group possesses a cutting-edge exclusive platform for NEVs.
     The Group deeply engaged in independent R&D as well as industrial application of power
     batteries, battery cells and electric drives, and self-developed power battery technologies
     such as sponge silicon anode battery technology and the magazine battery system safety
     technology, as well as electric drive technologies such as the deeply integrated “three-in-
     one” electric drive system, twelve-in-one integrated electric drive system with integrated
     charging and power transmission functions, and supercars’ dual-motor two-gear integrated
     electric drive. This led to the creation of the “AION” series and the “Hyptec” series, which are
     NEV product systems. The Group has also successfully introduced a variety of new energy
     products to its joint ventures. In the field of energy conservation powertrain, the Group
     independently developed industry-leading hybrid system technologies such as the fourth-
     generation engine system, the GMC 3.0 mechatronic coupling system, and high-efficiency
     range extenders adopting platform-based modular designs, which can be assembled into a
     powertrain system suitable for all types of hybrid models such as HEV, PHEV and REEV. In the
     field of ICV, the Group has self-developed the centralised computing electronic and electrical
     architecture “X-soul” equipped with vehicle-cloud integration. During the Reporting Period,
     the Group launched its smart technology brand, ADiGO, and the GAC GSD combined driving
     assistance system with a “generative AI-based end-to-end architecture”. It also unveiled the
     “GAC X-soul Safety Protection System” for the first time, providing users with comprehensive
     safety protection for intelligent travel by virtue of full-chain safety R&D system, all-domain
     safety technology and round-the-clock safety assurance. The self-developed Shenxing data
     simulation platform obtained the industry’s first A+ class AI intelligent driving simulation
     toolchain product certification issued by CAERI Kairui Testing & Certification (Chongqing) Co.,
     Ltd. (中汽院凱瑞檢測認證(重慶)有限公司).




                                                                                                             17
     Chapter 3

     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     ON OPERATION




            DISCUSSION
           MANAGEMENT
               AND
            DISCUSSION
           ANALYSIS ON
           AND ANALYSIS
            OPERATION
18
                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025



     Chapter 3

    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    ON OPERATION
I.    ANALYSIS ON INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT1
      In the first half of 2025, spurred by the sustained effectiveness of the trade-in policy, the Chinese
      automobile market continued to maintain a favorable momentum. The production and sales
      volume of vehicles from January to June 2025 reached 15,621 thousand units and 15,653 thousand
      units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.5% and 11.4% respectively. Among
      them, domestic sales volume of automobiles amounted to 12,570 thousand units, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 11.7%, while automobile exports came to 3,083 thousand units, representing
      a year-on-year increase of 10.4%.


      From January to June 2025, the production and sales volume of passenger vehicles amounted to
      13,522 thousand units and 13,531 thousand units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase
      of 13.8% and 13% respectively. Among them, the proportion of sales volume for the passenger
      vehicles of Chinese brands remained at a high level. From January to June 2025, 9,270 thousand
      units were sold, representing a year-on-year increase of 25%, and the sales proportion stood at
      68.5%, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.6 percentage points.

                                       Changes in the Market Share of Chinese Brand
                                       Passenger Vehicles in Terms of Sales Volume
                   %
                   80


                   70


                   60


                   50


                   40


                   30
                       January   February   March   April     May   June   July   August September October November December

                                                            2023       2024        2025




1
      In this report, relevant data of the industry are sourced from the China Association of Automobile
      Manufacturers.
                                                                                                                                         19
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



           From January to June 2025, the production and sales volume of commercial vehicles reached 2,099
           thousand units and 2,122 thousand units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.7%
           and 2.6% respectively.


           NEVs sustained the momentum of rapid growth. From January to June 2025, the production
           and sales volume of NEVs reached 6,968 thousand units and 6,937 thousand units respectively,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 41.4% and 40.3% respectively. NEVs accounted for 44.3% of
           the total sales volume of new automobiles.

                                              Changes in the Sales Proportion of NEVs
                       %
                       60


                       50


                       40


                       30


                       20


                       10


                        0
                         January   February   March   April     May   June   July   August September October November December

                                                              2023       2024        2025



     II.   ANALYSIS ON OPERATION OF THE COMPANY
           In the first half of 2025, in the face of the severe and complex market situation, the Group took
           multiple proactive measures to coordinate and promote reform and transformation as well as
           operational development, striving to achieve better work performance. However, due to the
           combined impact of multiple factors, the overall operational performance of the Group fell short of
           the expected targets. In the first half of the year, the Group achieved a total production and sales
           volume of 801.7 thousand units and 755.3 thousand units respectively, representing a year-on-
           year decrease of 6.73% and 12.48% respectively. Among them, the sales volume of NEVs was 154.1
           thousand units, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.08%, whereas that of energy-efficient
           vehicles amounted to 211.6 thousand units, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.43%. During
           the Reporting Period, the proportion of the Group’s sales volume generated from energy-efficient
           vehicles and NEVs increased to 48.43%.




20
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2025




                           DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



    1.    Self-developed brands refreshed their product portfolio
          In the first half of 2025, GAC Trumpchi, focusing on the transformation towards
          intellectualisation and electrification, adopted a strategy of “independent development”
          combined with “cooperation”, launching the “Xiangwang” NEV model series, and introducing
          new models such as S7 and M8 QianKun, further solidifying its mainstream, elegant and
          high-quality brand image. GAC Trumpchi engages in deep collaboration with Huawei,
          empowering its high-end models with Huawei’s QianKun ADS technology. The M8 QianKun
          is integrated with Huawei’s HarmonyOS cockpit and QianKun ADS, facilitating GAC Trumpchi
          to consolidate its edge in the mid-to-high-end MPV market. In the first half of the year,
          GAC Trumpchi achieved a sales volume of 35 thousand energy-efficient vehicles and NEVs,
          representing a year-on-year increase of 18%.


          In the first half of 2025, GAC AION AION S and AION Y ranked at the forefront in the
          domestic pure electric vehicle market segments in term of terminal sales volume2. During
          the Reporting Period, GAC AION launched the all-new entry-level pure electric hatchback
          sedan, the AION UT, further improving its product lineup and demonstrating a technological,
          trendy and high-quality brand image. GAC Hyptec unveiled a new logo, launching its all-
          new flagship luxury pure electric SUV, the Hyptec HL, alongside annual model updates for
          both the Hyptec GT and Hyptec HT. Through intelligence enhancement and performance
          optimisation, it has continuously enhanced its product competitiveness while highlighting its
          tech-forward, luxurious, and high-quality brand image.




2
    In this report, data of the terminal sales volume are sourced from China Automotive Technology and Research
    Center Limited.
                                                                                                                      21
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION




                             Trumpchi S7                                       Trumpchi M8 QianKun
              Launched in March 2025, Trumpchi S7 is                         Launched in May 2025, Trumpchi M8 QianKun
              positioned as a mid-to-large sized intelligent                 is the first product released under the joint
              SUV for elite families, with a length of 4,900mm,              innovation program of Trumpchi and Huawei.
              a height of 1,780mm, and a wheelbase of                        With a length of 5,251mm and a wheelbase
              2,880mm. It is equipped with seats featuring                   of 3,070mm, it features dual zero-gravity
              heating, ventilationand massaging functions                    seats in both rows, providing a comfortable
              and the maximum reclining angle of the                         driving and riding experience. It is equipped
              second-row seats is 137 degrees. The entire                    with Huawei’s QianKun ADS and HarmonyOS
              series comes standard with the Qualcomm                        cockpit, and is fitted with the world-leading
              8295P chip, a 27-inch high-definition HUD as                   192-line laser radar and 4D millimeter-wave
              well as a 17.3-inch 3K ceiling-mounted high-                   radar. It is powered by Trumpchi’s high
              definition screen, and is equipped with a                      thermal efficiency 2.0TM engine and CATL’s
              combined driving assistance system. It is a                    Freevoy Super Hybrid battery, offering a WLTC
              plug-in hybrid/extended-range dual-mode                        combined range of 1,177km.
              vehicle that allows for seamless switching,
              with a CLTC maximum range of 1,150 km
              under comprehensive operating conditions.




                               Hyptec HL                                                    AION UT
              Launched in April 2025 and positioned as a neo-luxury          Launched in February 2025, AION UT features
              intelligent SUV for families, Hyptec HL has a wheelbase        a superior wheelbase of 2,750mm and a rear
              of 3,088mm and is available in five-seater and 2+2+2 six-      lateral space of 1,385mm compared to its
              seater configurations. The exterior adopts the design          counterparts. It is equipped with a 100kW
              concept of a land yacht and is equipped with mountain-         Quark motor and 215mm wide tires for a
              sea horizon headlights, intelligent interactive lighting and   smoother driving experience. It is equipped
              full-width taillights. The entire series is equipped with      with an AI intelligent cockpit and a 14.6-inch
              standard configurations including the air suspension           + 8.8-inch high-definition dual large screen.
              and SDC intelligent variable damping shock absorber,
              Qualcomm Snapdragon 8295P chip, laser radar, and               It is designed in accordance with the Sino-
              ADiGO Space 6.0 intelligent in-vehicle system. In terms of     European double five-star vehicle body safety
              power, it offers two power versions including pure electric    standards, and is fitted with safety configures
              and extended range. The pure electric version has a CLTC       such as new-generation magazine battery
              maximum range of up to 750km, whereas the extended             and V-type side air curtains and reverse AEB.
              range version has a CLTC pure electric range of 350km and
              a CLTC combined range of 1,369km, which supports 800V
              5C fast charging technology.


22
                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025




                      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



2.   Joint venture brands sought transformation and breakthrough
     In the first half of 2025, GAC Toyota achieved a sales volume of 344.7 thousand units,
     representing a year-on-year increase of 2.58%, among which, the terminal sales volume of
     models such as Camry and Sienna ranked at the forefront in the domestic market segment.
     GAC Toyota achieved a new breakthrough in its transformation towards electrification by
     launching its first co-developed pure electric model, the bZ3X. Since its market debut, it
     has been top-selling among joint-venture pure electric models for two consecutive months.
     In the first half of the year, GAC Toyota achieved a sales volume of 202.3 thousand energy-
     efficient vehicles and NEVs, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.55%, the proportion
     of which rose to 58.70%. Among them, the terminal sales volume of HEV models ranked
     first in the domestic market. GAC Toyota has diversified its hybrid product lineup through
     multiple paths. It plans to launch the extended-range versions of Highlander and Sienna,
     and accelerate the development of high-performance and competitive PHEV models. It
     deepened cooperation with Huawei, Xiaomi and Momenta to build an AI ecosystem. GAC
     Honda officially launched the P7, the inaugural strategic model under its all-new electric
     vehicle brand, marking the beginning of a new chapter in its electrification journey. In virtue
     of thorough research on market needs and localised refinement, GAC Honda introduced the
     Accord Sport series, driving a sales recovery for its flagship model, the Accord. In collaboration
     with partners such as Momenta and DeepSeek, it enhanced intelligence experience. Wuyang
     Honda achieved a sales volume of 293.7 thousand units in the first half of the year, which
     remained largely the same as the previous year. Among them, 89 thousand units were
     exported, representing a year-on-year increase of 19%.




                          GAC Toyota bZ3X                                        GAC Honda P7
                   Launched in March 2025, bZ3X is GAC Toyota’s        Launched in April 2025, GAC Honda P7, the
                   first independently developed strategic model       inaugural premium pure electric vehicle under
                   in China, deeply integrating Chinese localised      the “Ye” brand, is forged based on Honda’s Yunchi
                   solutions with global standards. It is equipped     smart and efficient pure electric W architecture,
                   with laser radar, OrinX chips, and Momenta 5.0      featuring high rigidity, low center of gravity, and
                   driving assistance. The vehicle features a high-    light weight. The newly developed three-in-one
                   strength steel frame structure and incorporates     high-power motor, offering both single-motor
                   nearly 100 Toyota’s safety components to            rear-wheel drive and dual-motor four-wheel
                   ensure the security of batteries, providing all-    drive power options. Its 50:50 front-rear weight
                   round protection for passengers. The standard       distribution enables exceptional driving control,
                   configurations include the 8155 chip, a 14.6-inch   providing users with new driving pleasure in the
                   large screen, and four-zone voice recognition,      electric era. Additionally, P7 integrates the latest
                   creating a comfortable and entertaining cabin       Honda SENSING 360+ driving assistance system
                   space. bZ3X offers seven variants with three CLTC   and Honda CONNECT 4.0 intelligent connectivity,
                   range options (430km, 520km, and 610km).            marking a comprehensive upgrade in smart
                                                                       technology.



                                                                                                                                               23
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



       3.   International business expanded in depth
            The overseas product matrix of self-developed brands has been continuously refined, and the
            channel layout has been further expanded. In the first half of 2025, the Group introduced 4
            new models overseas, and expanded its presence in 10 additional countries, covering over 100
            additional outlets. So far, the Group has expanded its footprint to 84 countries and regions
            in aggregate, and over 570 outlets have been established. The Group comprehensively
            promoted the KD production layout and successfully completed the construction of its
            smart factory in Indonesia, putting it into operation in the first half of the year. Through
            multi-dimensional and stereoscopic brand promotion, the Group made its appearance at
            international brand events such as the Bangkok International Motor Show, the Hong Kong
            Auto Show, the Canton Fair, and the Milan Design Week, further enhancing its influence in
            overseas markets. Through deepened international business synergy, the Group yielded initial
            achievements in building a diversified ecosystem. GAC Business’s AION Bangkok Experience
            Center was officially opened, while the China (Guangzhou) Auto Export Base, which had been
            constructed with investment, officially commenced operations, providing one-stop services
            for automobile exports. GAC Component promoted the export of its self-developed products
            and actively expanded overseas business. In the first half of the year, its export volume
            achieved a year-on-year growth of 24%. UPOWER Energy was awarded the first investment
            promotion license for electric vehicle battery maintenance services in Thailand, officially
            launching its battery service center in Thailand to provide professional battery maintenance
            services to local customers.



       4.   Industry ecosystems interacted and advanced together
            In the fields of parts and components, GAC Component accelerated the R&D of key system
            components, promoting the development of 88 key products across four major sectors,
            namely chassis and body, interior and exterior trims and lighting, power systems, and ICV.


            In the fields of commercial and mobility transportation services, GAC Business deepened its
            operational efficiency of new media. The “one store, one strategy” approach was adopted
            to enhance the quality of terminal operations. During the first half of 2025, the terminal
            sales volume reached 71 thousand units, representing a year-on-year growth of 15.9%. GAC
            Business continuously optimised the layout of its automobile sales network. In the first half
            of the year, two new outlets of first-tier channel and one new outlet of second-tier channel
            were added. As of June 2025, GAC Business had set up a total of 151 sales outlets in 45 cities
            and 21 provinces across the country. In the first half of the year, ON TIME recorded over 70
            million completed orders in aggregate, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately
            51%. It also initiated its “Robotaxi+” strategy to accelerate the large-scale commercialisation of
            Robotaxi.




24
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025




                        DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



        In the fields of energy and ecosystem, the first phase of 18GWh power batteries production
        line of IMPOW Battery was fully completed and commenced mass production, which steadily
        promoted the yield rate, with over 66,000 sets being delivered in the first half of 2025. In the
        first half of the year, GAC Energy built 242 new charging stations and added 3,282 charging
        terminals. It has cumulatively built and operated over 1,600 charging stations and over 17,000
        charging terminals (including over 12,000 fast-charging piles), ranking among the top in the
        automobile industry in terms of the scale of charging terminals. GAC’s vehicle-to-grid pilot
        project was selected as one of the first batch of national vehicle-to-grid (V2G) large-scale
        application pilot projects.

        In the fields of investment and finance, GAC-SOFINCO continuously strengthened its all-
        round cooperation with the original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), formulated “one
        factory, one policy” based on the product characteristics and market demand of OEMs, and
        launched innovative and differentiated financial products to precisely assist the OEMs in
        vehicle sales. GAC Finance Company provided sufficient financing support for its member
        enterprises to reduce their financing costs. GAC-SOFINCO Leasing developed innovative
        direct leasing products, actively exploring new business opportunities of separating vehicle
        and battery. Urtrust Insurance took the lead in launching the “ICV Device Liability Insurance”
        within the industry, providing insurance coverage for smart vehicle models. Focusing on
        extending and replenishing the industrial chain, GAC Capital has completed investment
        arrangements for nine enterprises in key areas such as electric drive and control, intelligent
        cockpit and charging equipment.



III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS BY THE BOARD ON OPERATION
     OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
   During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB42.611
   billion on a consolidated basis, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 7.88%.
   The net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company amounted to approximately
   RMB-2.538 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 267.39%. The basic
   earnings per Share amounted to approximately RMB-0.25, representing a year-on-year decrease of
   approximately 278.57%.

   The major factors accounting for the changes in results during the Reporting Period included:

   1.   In the first half of 2025, due to factors such as fierce competition in the domestic automobile
        industry and the rapid upgrading of demand structure, the Group sold 755.3 thousand
        automobiles in the first half of the year, representing a year-on-year decrease of 12.48%;

   2.   During the Reporting Period, the sales volume of several key NEV models launched by the
        Company was still in the growth stage and failed to reach the planned targets. Meanwhile,
        due to the fierce competition in the domestic automobile industry and other factors, the
        Company’s earnings declined;




                                                                                                                25
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



        3.   There was a structural mismatch between the existing sales system of the Group and
             its demand for new energy transition. Its sales channels remained predominantly reliant
             on traditional 4S dealerships, while the construction of new channels such as direct
             sales, agency, and internet-based platforms lagged behind the industry. Moreover, the
             improvement of the marketing system’s efficiency was relatively slow;


        4.   It takes time for the integrated operational reform of the self-developed brands to take
             effect. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve the efficiency of new
             product development and control costs in various fields.



     IV. ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

        1.   Analysis of changes of items in the consolidated statement of
             comprehensive income and the cash flow statement
                                                                           Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB


                                                         Current        Corresponding              Change
             Item                                         period     period last year                   (%)

             Revenue                                       426.11               462.55                -7.88
             Costs of sales                               444.60                444.54                  0.01
             Selling and distribution costs                 26.02                 24.79                4.96
             Administrative expenses                        25.58                 25.28                 1.19
             Finance costs                                   3.40                  3.24                4.94
             Interest income                                 2.33                   3.51              -33.62
             Share of net profit of joint
              ventures and associates                       19.23                  20.11              -4.38
             Net cash flow generated from
              operating activities                         -114.61                18.48              -720.18
             Net cash flow generated from
              investing activities                         -55.90               -103.50               45.99
             Net cash flow generated from
              financing activities                          28.20                -37.29               175.62




26
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Interim Report 2025




                     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



2.   Revenue
     During the Reporting Period, revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB42.611
     billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.88%. This was mainly due to a combination
     of factors such as fierce competition in the domestic automobile industry and the rapid
     upgrading of demand structure, which led to a decline in automobile sales volume.



3.   Cost of sales and gross profit
     During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded costs of sales of approximately RMB44.460
     billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 0.01%. Total gross profit
     amounted to approximately RMB-1.849 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of
     approximately RMB3.650 billion. Gross profit margin decreased year on year by 8.23%,
     which was mainly due to the combined factors such as fierce competition in the domestic
     automobile industry and the rapid upgrading of demand structure, which led to a decline in
     automobile sales volume.



4.   Expenses
     (1)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB123 million in selling and distribution
           costs was mainly attributable to the combined factors including the launch of
           new vehicle models during the Reporting Period, which resulted in an increase in
           advertising and publicity fees;


     (2)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB30 million in administrative expenses
           was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the corresponding increase in the
           administrative expenses resulting from enterprise development, as well as the year-
           on-year increase in the capitalization of R&D expenditures during the Reporting Period
           etc.;




                                                                                                           27
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



            (3)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB16 million in finance costs was mainly
                  attributable to the combined factors including the year-on-year increase in interest
                  expenses during the Reporting Period;


            (4)   The year-on-year decrease of approximately RMB118 million in interest income was
                  mainly attributable to the combined factors including the year-on-year decrease in
                  non-operational interest income during the Reporting Period.



       5.   Cash flows
            (1)   During the Reporting Period, net cash outflow generated from operating activities
                  amounted to RMB11.461 billion, representing an increase in net outflow of RMB13.309
                  billion as compared with the net cash inflow of RMB1.848 billion in the corresponding
                  period last year, which was mainly attributable to the combined factors including the
                  decrease in net cash inflow resulting from declining sales volume during the Reporting
                  Period;


            (2)   During the Reporting Period, net cash outflow generated from investing activities
                  amounted to RMB5.590 billion, representing a decrease in net outflow of RMB4.760
                  billion as compared with the net cash outflow of RMB10.350 billion in the corresponding
                  period last year, which was mainly attributable to the combined factors including the
                  increased recovery of investments in financial enterprises and corporate certificates
                  of deposit as well as a year-on-year decrease in dividends received from joint ventures
                  during the Reporting Period;




28
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Interim Report 2025




                     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



     (3)   During the Reporting Period, net cash inflow generated from financing activities
           amounted to RMB2.820 billion, representing an increase in net inflow of approximately
           RMB6.549 billion as compared with the net cash outflow of RMB3.729 billion in the
           corresponding period last year, which was mainly attributable to the combined factors
           including the increase in the Group’s supply chain finance business, and the decrease
           in dividend payment by the Group during the Reporting Period;


     (4)   As at 30 June 2025, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to approximately
           RMB22.188 billion, representing a decrease of RMB5.347 billion as compared with
           RMB27.535 billion as at 30 June 2024.



6.   Share of net profit of joint ventures and associated enterprises
     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s share of net profit of joint ventures and associated
     enterprises amounted to approximately RMB1.923 billion, representing a year-on-year
     decrease of approximately RMB88 million, which was mainly attributable to the combined
     factors including the decrease in income resulting from the declining sales volume of the
     joint ventures during the Reporting Period.



7.   Others
     Income tax expenses amounted to approximately RMB-445 million, representing a year-on-
     year decrease of approximately RMB400 million, which was mainly attributable to changes in
     profit of certain enterprises during the Reporting Period.


To sum up, the Group’s net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company for the
Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB-2.538 billion, representing a year-on-year
decrease of approximately 267.39%; basic earnings per Share amounted to approximately RMB-0.25,
representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 278.57%.




                                                                                                           29
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



     V. ANALYSIS BY INDUSTRY, PRODUCT OR REGIONAL OPERATION

        1.   Principal business by industry
                                                                               Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB


                                                                                                             Changes in
                                                                              Changes in     Changes in      gross profit
                                                                    Gross       revenue     cost of sales        margin
                                                         Cost of    profit     compared       compared        compared
             By industry                     Revenue       sales   margin with last year with last year with last year
                                                                      (%)            (%)              (%)            (%)

             Automobile manufacturing
              industry                         246.50     269.10     -9.17         -19.39           -11.07        -978.87
             Parts and components
              manufacturing industry            21.05      20.31      3.52           9.81           16.46          -61.05
             Commercial services                131.32    128.80      1.92          15.67           21.45          -70.87
             Financial services and others      27.24      26.39      3.12          13.22          43.04           -86.62
             Total                             426.11    444.60      -4.34          -7.88            0.01         -211.44




        2.   Principal business by product
                                                                               Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB


                                                                                                             Changes in
                                                                              Changes in     Changes in      gross profit
                                                                    Gross       revenue     cost of sales        margin
                                                         Cost of    profit     compared       compared        compared
             By product                      Revenue       sales   margin with last year with last year with last year
                                                                      (%)            (%)              (%)            (%)

             Passenger vehicles                243.90     265.89     -9.02         -20.24           -12.13        -964.26
             Vehicles-related trades           154.97     152.32      1.71          16.78           23.35          -75.36
             Financial services and others      27.24      26.39      3.12          13.22          43.04           -86.62
             Total                             426.11    444.60      -4.34          -7.88            0.01         -211.44




30
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025




                           DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



3.   Principal business by region
                                                                Unit: 100 million         Currency: RMB


                                                                                                 Changes
                                                                                                in revenue
                                                                                                compared
     By region                                                       Revenue            with last year
                                                                                                         (%)

     Mainland China                                                          359.15                    -11.76
     Overseas                                                                66.96                     20.56
     Total                                                                   426.11                    -7.88




4.   Principal business by sales model
                                                                Unit: 100 million         Currency: RMB


                                                                                                  Changes in
                                                               Changes in       Changes in        gross profit
                                                     Gross       revenue       cost of sales          margin
                                          Cost of    profit     compared         compared          compared
     By sales model            Revenue      sales   margin with last year with last year with last year
                                                       (%)            (%)                (%)              (%)

     Distributor sales model     246.50    269.10     -9.17         -19.39             -11.07          -978.87
     Others                      179.61    175.50      2.29          14.58             23.64            -75.78
     Total                       426.11   444.60      -4.34          -7.88              0.01           -211.44




                                                                                                                 31
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



     VI. ANALYSIS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

        1.   Analysis table of assets and liabilities
                                                                                     Unit: 100 million      Currency: RMB


                                                                 Balance at                      Balance at
                                                  Balance at     the end of      Balance at       the end of
                                                  the end of        current       the end of    the previous
                                                     current    period over     the previous     period over
             Item                                    period     total assets         period     total assets      Change
                                                                         (%)                             (%)          (%)

             Prepayments and other
              long-term receivables                     19.18          0.90           150.03            6.45        -87.22
             Investments in joint ventures
              and associates                          343.57            16.15         301.22           12.96         14.06
             Inventories                               175.29           8.24          156.88            6.75         11.74
             Borrowings – non-current                  78.42            3.69           119.69            5.15       -34.48
             Borrowings – current                     173.88            8.17          233.22           10.03        -25.44
             Trade and other payables – current       570.47           26.82          632.27           27.19         -9.77




        2.   Analysis on the changes
             (1)     Prepayments and other long-term receivables decreased by 87.22% as compared with
                     the balance at the end of the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined
                     factors including the transformation of GAC-SOFINCO Leasing from a subsidiary to a
                     joint venture, which resulted in the decrease of relevant long-term receivables during
                     the Reporting Period;


             (2)     Investments in joint ventures and associates increased by 14.06% as compared with the
                     end of the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined factors including the
                     addition of new joint ventures and associates during the Reporting Period, the increase
                     of capital in joint ventures and associates, the recognition of investment income in joint
                     ventures and associates, and the profit distribution from joint ventures and associates;


             (3)     Inventories increased by 11.74% as compared with the balance at the end of the
                     previous period, mainly attributable to the combined factors including the increase
                     in inventory goods within the automobile manufacturing factories, coupled with the
                     decrease in dealers’ inventories during the Reporting Period;




32
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Interim Report 2025




                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



        (4)   Borrowings – non-current decreased by 34.48% as compared with the balance at the
              end of the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined factors including the
              transformation of GAC-SOFINCO Leasing from a subsidiary to a joint venture, which
              resulted in the reduction in related borrowings – non-current during the Reporting
              Period;


        (5)   Borrowings – current decreased by 25.44% as compared with the balance at the end
              of the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined factors including the
              transformation of GAC-SOFINCO Leasing from a subsidiary to a joint venture, which
              resulted in the reduction in related borrowings – current during the Reporting Period;


        (6)   Trade and other payables – current decreased by 9.77% as compared with the balance
              at the end of the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined factors
              including payments made to suppliers during the Reporting Period.



VII. ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

   1.   Financial indicators
        As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.28 times, representing an
        increase from approximately 1.22 times as at 31 December 2024. The Group’s quick ratio was
        approximately 1.05 times, remaining consistent with the approximately 1.05 times as at 31
        December 2024. Both ratios were within reasonable range.



   2.   Financial resources and capital structure
        As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately RMB101.270
        billion, current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB79.410 billion and current ratio was
        approximately 1.28 times.


        As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s total borrowings amounted to approximately RMB25.229
        billion, mainly consisting of borrowings from bank and financial institutions with closing
        balance of approximately RMB25.049 billion, etc. The above borrowings are payable upon
        maturity. The Group generally funds its business and operational capital needs with its own
        operating cash flow.


        As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 17.64% (calculation of
        gearing ratio: (borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)/(total
        equity + borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)).




                                                                                                                   33
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



        3.    Foreign exchange risk
              As the Group mainly conducts its business in the PRC and the sales and procurement in
              the PRC were denominated in RMB, changes in foreign exchange did not have any material
              effect on the Group’s operating results and cash flow during the Reporting Period.



        4.    Contingent liabilities
              As at 30 June 2025, financial guarantee given by the Company to controlled and wholly-
              owned subsidiaries of the Group amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2024: RMB0).


              As at 30 June 2025, independent third-party financial guarantee given by the Company
              amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2024: RMB0).


              As at 30 June 2025, financial guarantee given by the Group to related parties outside the
              consolidation scope amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2024: RMB0).



     VIII. ANALYSIS OF MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND JOINT VENTURES
                              Production      Changes          Sales     Changes                    Changes
                                  volume     compared        volume     compared                   compared
                               during the     with the    during the     with the                   with the
                               Reporting corresponding    Reporting corresponding    Revenue corresponding
                                  Period        period       Period    period last   (RMB100          period
        Company name              (units)     last year      (units)         year     million)      last year

        GAC Honda                 165,262       -10.52%      154,647       -25.63%      226.25       -26.23%
        GAC Toyota                348,912        2.72%       344,672        2.58%       523.10          0.31%
        GAC Trumpchi               153,123      -20.91%      146,287       -22.55%      179.56       -29.47%
        GAC AION                  133,002        -5.17%      108,677       -13.97%      103.04        -16.91%




34
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025



     Chapter 4

 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
I.    PROPOSED PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN OR CONVERSION OF
      CAPITAL RESERVES

      FORMULATED HALF-YEAR PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN AND
      CONVERSION OF CAPITAL RESERVES
      Whether making profit distribution or
        converting capital reserves into Share capital                                                      No

      Number of bonus Share for every 10 Shares                                                               0

      Amount of cash dividend for every 10 Shares
        (RMB) (tax inclusive)                                                                                 0

      Number of Shares converted for every 10 Shares                                                          0

                            Relevant Explanation on Profit Distribution Plan or
                                Plan to Convert Capital Reserves into Shares

      During the Reporting Period, the Company achieved a net profit attributable to Shareholders of
      the listed company of RMB-2.538 billion, and no profit distribution was implemented during the
      Reporting Period.



II.   MATTERS RELATING TO INSOLVENCY OR RESTRUCTURING
      On account of its insolvency, the joint venture of the Company, GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co.,
      Ltd., filed for winding-up in accordance with relevant requirements of laws and regulations in 2022.
      On 29 November 2022, the Intermediate People’s Court of Changsha issued the “Civil Judgment” to
      formally accept its winding-up application. On 6 March 2023, Beijing Yingke (Changsha) Law Firm
      was designated by the Intermediate People’s Court of Changsha to act as the administrator.


      On 8 July 2025, the administrator announced that the bankruptcy of GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles
      Co., Ltd. had been officially declared by the Intermediate People’s Court of Changsha, and the
      distribution plan of winding-up property had been approved by the creditors’ vote. Meanwhile,
      the administrator was actively cooperating with the local government’s investment promotion
      department to engage with prospective enterprises and revitalise the core assets. The Company
      and its subsidiaries have fully provided for the receivables they hold therein in accordance with the
      rules, and the relevant matters will not have a significant impact on the Company’s production and
      operation.



III. MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION
      The Company had no material litigation and arbitration during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                    35
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     IV. APPOINTMENT OR DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTANTS

        EXPLANATION ON APPOINTMENT OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS
        As considered and approved at the 62nd meeting of the 6th session of the Board, the 20th meeting
        of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee and the 2023 annual general meeting of the
        Company, the Company appointed ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP and KPMG as
        auditors of the Company for the year 2024. As considered and approved at the 3rd meeting of the
        7th session of the Board, the 27th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee and the
        2024 annual general meeting of the Company, the Company reappointed ShineWing Certified
        Public Accountants LLP and KPMG as auditors of the Company for the year 2025.



     V. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
        There were no important events affecting the Company and its subsidiaries which have occurred
        since the end of the six months ended 30 June 2025.



     VI. SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK
         OWNERSHIP SCHEME OR OTHER STAFF INCENTIVES OF THE
         COMPANY AND THE IMPACTS THEREOF

        A-Share Option
        A-Share option represents the right granted to a participant by the Company to acquire certain
        number of A Shares of the Company at a pre-determined price and conditions within a particular
        period of time. The source of the underlying Shares shall be the ordinary A Shares to be issued by
        the Company to the participants.



        Restricted Shares
        Restricted Shares represent a certain number of A Shares of the Company granted to the
        participants by the Company under the conditions and at the price as stipulated in the incentive
        scheme, which are subject to the lock-up period and can only be unlocked for trading when the
        unlocking conditions under the incentive scheme are satisfied. The source of the underlying Shares
        shall be the ordinary A Shares to be issued by the Company to the participants.




36
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025




                                                                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



(I)   2020 A SHARE OPTION AND RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
      (THE “2020 INCENTIVE SCHEME”)
      The 2020 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the Share options
      and the restricted Shares have been granted and registered, and end on the date on which
      all the Share options granted to the participants have been exercised or cancelled and all
      the restricted Shares granted to the participants have been unlocked or repurchased and
      cancelled respectively, which shall not exceed 60 months, i.e. still effective until December
      2025 with approximately two months remaining. The vesting period and the lock-up period
      of Share options and restricted Shares respectively were 24 months, 36 months, 48 months
      from the date of completion of grant and registration. For details regarding the exercise
      period for Share options and the unlocking period for restricted Shares, and the relevant
      timetable, please refer to the section on the 2020 Incentive Scheme in the 2024 annual
      report of the Company.


      Since all the 102,101,330 A Share options and 102,101,330 restricted A Shares available for grant
      under the 2020 Incentive Scheme were granted on 4 December 2020, the number of options
      and awards available for grant under the scheme mandate of the 2020 Incentive Scheme
      at the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period were both 0. As no service provider is
      eligible to be a participant under the 2020 Incentive Scheme, the service provider sublimit is
      not applicable to the 2020 Incentive Scheme.


      A Share options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme
      1.    Under the first exercise period, such A Share options had become exercisable since
            12 December 2022, expiring on 10 December 2023 (subject to the relevant restriction
            period).


      2.    Under the second exercise period, such A Share options had become exercisable since
            11 December 2023, expiring on 10 December 2024 (subject to the relevant restriction
            period). Share options that had not been exercised during the second exercise period
            became lapsed on 11 December 2024 and were cancelled on 16 January 2025.


      3.    Under the third exercise period, such A Share options had become exercisable since
            11 December 2024, expiring on 10 December 2025 (subject to the relevant restriction
            period). Due to the failure to satisfy the performance conditions during the Reporting
            Period, all such A Share options granted for the third exercise period were cancelled.
            For details, please refer to the announcement (Announcement No.: Lin 2024-080)
            disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange in the form of overseas regulatory
            announcement on 10 October 2024.




                                                                                                               37
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          Restricted A Shares under the 2020 Incentive Scheme
          Due to the failure to satisfy the performance assessment conditions, the restricted Shares corresponding
          to the third unlocking period fully lapsed on 11 December 2024. The Company repurchased and cancelled
          such 26,048,350 restricted A Shares on 16 January 2025, with a repurchase price of RMB4.20 per Share.
          For details of the repurchase and cancellation, please refer to the announcement disclosed on the
          website of the Stock Exchange in the form of overseas regulatory announcement on 13 January 2025
          (Announcement No.: Lin 2025-007). Details of the repurchase price of the relevant restricted A Shares
          which have to be cancelled and the corresponding adjustments to the repurchase price are also set out
          on pages 130 to 132 of the 2024 annual report of the Company.



       (II) 2022 A SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME (THE “2022 INCENTIVE
            SCHEME”)
          1.    Purpose
                In order to further establish and improve the long-term incentive mechanism of the
                Company, attract and retain talented individuals, fully mobilise the enthusiasm of the
                senior management, other management personnel who have a direct impact on the
                Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of
                the Company, and effectively bond the interests of the Shareholders, the Company
                and individuals of core teams together, making all parties to attend to the long-term
                development of the Company, on the premise of fully protecting the interests of the
                Shareholders and on the principle of income equivalent to contribution, the Company
                formulated the 2022 Incentive Scheme, which has been duly approved by way of
                special resolutions passed at the 2023 first extraordinary general meeting and the 2023
                first class meetings for A and H Shareholders of the Company respectively held on 20
                January 2023.

          2.    Scheme Participants
                The participants under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are all employee participants as
                defined under Rule 17.03A(1)(a) of the Listing Rules, including the directors, senior
                management, other management personnel who have a direct impact on the
                Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of the
                Company.

          3.    Number of Granted Options and the Basis of Determining the Exercise Price of
                the Share Options
                A total of 233,896,200 A Share options were granted to 3,089 participants on 20
                January 2023, and the exercise price was RMB11.99 per Share, which was determined
                with reference to the highest of the following and shall not be lower than the nominal
                amount of the A Shares:

                (1)    the average trading price of the A Shares of the Company on the trading day
                       preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 13 December 2022) which
                       is RMB11.82; and

                (2)    one of the average trading prices of the A Shares of the Company for 20 trading
                       days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the proposal
                       announcement.

38
                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Interim Report 2025




                                                 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The adjustment details for the exercise price of Share options since the implementation
of the 2022 Incentive Scheme are as follows:


•     Since 16 June 2023, as a result of the implementation of the profit distribution
      plan for 2022, the exercise price of Share options was adjusted to RMB11.81/A
      Share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details, please refer to
      the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share Option and
      Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option Incentive Scheme of the
      Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2023-050) disclosed on the websites of SSE
      and the Stock Exchange on 8 June 2023.


•     Since 18 September 2023, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
      distribution plan for 2023, the exercise price of Share options was adjusted to
      RMB11.76/A Share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
      please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
      Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option Incentive
      Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2023-080) disclosed on the
      websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 8 September 2023.


•     Since 13 June 2024, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
      distribution plan for 2023, the exercise price of Share options was adjusted to
      RMB11.66/A Share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
      please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
      Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price” (Announcement No.: Lin 2024-
      042) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 4 June 2024.


•     Since 18 October 2024, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
      distribution plan for 2024, the exercise price of Share options was adjusted to
      RMB11.63/A Share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
      please refer to the “Announcement on the Price Adjustment and Partial
      Cancellation of Equity under the Share Option Incentive Scheme” (Announcement
      No.: Lin 2024-080) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on
      10 October 2024.


•     Since 27 June 2025, as a result of the implementation of the profit distribution
      plan for 2024, the exercise price of Share options was adjusted to RMB11.61/A
      Share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details, please refer to
      the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price under the Share Option
      Incentive Scheme” (Announcement No.: Lin 2025-48) disclosed on the websites
      of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 20 June 2025.




                                                                                                39
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



               The closing price of the Company’s A Shares on the date immediately before the grant
               date of the 2022 Incentive Scheme was RMB11.37 per Share. Within any 12-month
               period, none of the participants were granted or will be granted options and awards in
               aggregate exceeding 1% of the total issued A Shares of the Company under all effective
               Share option incentive schemes of the Company. Details of the maximum entitlement
               (i.e. A Share options) that each director and senior management of the Company may
               be granted under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are set out in the Company’s circular
               disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange on 4 January 2023, and the maximum
               entitlement that can be granted to each other individual participant shall not be
               higher than the above-mentioned maximum entitlement limit. No amount is payable
               by the participants on application or acceptance of the A Share options under the 2022
               Incentive Scheme.


          4.   Validity period, vesting period and exercise period
               The 2022 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the Share options
               were granted (i.e. 20 January 2023), and end on the date on which all the Share options
               granted to the participants have been exercised or cancelled, and for no more than
               60 months, i.e. until January 2028 with two years and three months remaining. The
               vesting period of the respective portions are 24 months, 36 months and 48 months
               from the date on which the Share options were granted.


               As of the date of this report (i.e., 26 September 2025), the total number of securities
               issuable under the 2022 Incentive Scheme was 186,764,320 Shares, representing
               approximately 1.83% of the total issued Shares of the Company then.


               Since the 2022 Incentive Scheme was adopted on 20 January 2023, and given that all
               the 233,896,200 A Share options available for grant under the 2022 Incentive Scheme
               were granted on 20 January 2023 (and no Share award is available for grant under the
               2022 Incentive Scheme), the number of options and awards available for grant under
               the scheme mandate of the 2022 Incentive Scheme at the beginning and the end of
               the Reporting Period were both 0. As no service provider is eligible to be a participant
               under the 2022 Incentive Scheme, the service provider sublimit is not applicable to the
               2022 Incentive Scheme.




40
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Interim Report 2025




                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The arrangements of exercise period and the duration of each exercise period for the
Share options are as follows:


                                                                               Exercisable
Exercise arrangement            Exercise period                                 proportion

First exercise period           Commencing from the first trading day                    20%
                                 after expiry of the 24-month period
                                 from the grant date and ending on the
                                 last trading day of the 36-month period
                                 from the grant date
Second exercise period          Commencing from the first trading day                    40%
                                 after expiry of the 36-month period
                                 from the grant date and ending on the
                                 last trading day of the 48-month period
                                 from the grant date
Third exercise period           Commencing from the first trading day                    40%
                                 after expiry of the 48-month period
                                 from the grant date and ending on the
                                 last trading day of the 60-month period
                                 from the grant date


The participants shall complete the exercise of the Share options within the relevant
exercise period. If the exercise conditions are not satisfied, the A Share options for
the corresponding period shall not become exercisable. If the exercise conditions are
satisfied, but such relevant A Share options are not fully exercised within the stipulated
exercise period, such Share options will automatically lapse and be cancelled by the
Company.


During the Reporting Period, there were no A Share options or restricted Shares
available for grant in accordance with the scheme mandate limit and service provider
sublimit respectively defined under Rule 17.03(3) of the Listing Rules.


The details of the A Share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme for (i) directors and
senior management and (ii) other employee participants during the Reporting Period
are as follows:




                                                                                                   41
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             A Share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme


                                                                                                                                     Unit: Share(s) (A Share) Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                              closing price
                                                                               Number of        Number of A   immediately                       Shares issued                                               Number of
                                                                            outstanding A Share options         before the    Number of A upon exercise         Number of A                                outstanding
                                                                            Share options            newly        dates on Share options           of A Share Share options   Number of A                      A Share
                                                                              held at the           granted   which the A      exercisable           options      cancelled Share options                  options held
                                                                             beginning of        during the Share options      during the          during the    during the lapsed during Exercise price at the end of
                                                                            the Reporting         Reporting were granted        Reporting          Reporting      Reporting the Reporting     of A Share the Reporting
             Name               Position/Type of Participants                 Period (Note 1)        Period          (RMB)    Period (Note 2)         Period         Period        Period options (RMB)          Period
                                Chairman,




             Feng Xingya        Chairman, Director and General                     400,000               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A        400,000
                                               Manager
             Deng Lei           Non-executive Director, Chairwoman                 340,000               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A         340,000
                                               of the Labour Union
             Yan Zhuangli       Deputy General Manager                             360,000               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A         360,000
             (resigned on 18
             September 2025)
             Wang Dan           Chief Accountant and                               360,000               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A         360,000
                                               Person in Charge of
                                               Accounting Function
             Gao Rui            Deputy General Manager                             360,000               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A         360,000
             Jiang Xiuyun       Deputy General Manager                             360,000               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A         360,000
             Yu Jun             Deputy General Manager                             360,000               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A         360,000
             Zheng Heng         Deputy General Manager                             360,000               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A         360,000
             Xia Xianqing       Deputy General Manager                             360,000               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A         360,000
             Liu Xiangneng      Secretary to the Board and                         184,000               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A         184,000
                                               Company Secretary
                                Middle level and other core                    183,320,320               0             N/A                 0               0             0             0            N/A      183,320,320
                                               businesses, technical and
                                               management key personnel
                                               (i.e. 3,073 other employee
                                               participants in total)

             Total (together with that of
                 the directors and senior management):
                                            3,083                               186,764,320              0                /                0               0             0             0              /      186,764,320




42
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Interim Report 2025




                                                           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



Notes:
1.       During the Reporting Period, A Share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme have not
         become exercisable yet. Details of the vesting period, the exercise period and exercise price
         for the relevant A Share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are set out on pages 38
         to 41 of this report.


2.       All A Share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme have been granted to the participants
         (including the above-mentioned directors and senior management) on 20 January 2023.
         The above Share options granted are subject to the fulfillment of the performance appraisal
         requirements and the individual performance appraisal requirements by the Company
         and participants respectively during each of the relevant exercise periods. For details,
         please refer to Appendix VI to the circular of the Company dated 4 January 2023 in relation
         to, among other things, the Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme. As the Company’s
         operating performance failed to meet the exercise conditions for the first exercise period of
         the Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme, all Share options granted to participants were
         cancelled. For details, please refer to the “Announcement on the Price Adjustment and
         Partial Cancellation of Equity under the Share Option Incentive Scheme” (Announcement
         No.: Lin 2024-080) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 10 October
         2024.


The Company granted a total of 0 A Share option and 0 Share award in respect of all
Share schemes (including the 2020 Incentive Scheme and the 2022 Incentive Scheme
referred to above) during the Reporting Period, and the number of Shares that may be
issued in respect of all options granted (assuming that all the options are exercisable)
was 0 A Share, representing 0% of the issued A Shares (excluding treasury Shares)
during the Reporting Period, with the weighted average number of issued A Shares
(excluding treasury Shares) during the Reporting Period being 7,369,541,943.




                                                                                                           43
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     VII. CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL
        During the Reporting Period, as the 2020 A Share option and restricted Share incentive scheme
        failed to meet the performance conditions for the third unlocking period, the Company completed
        the repurchase and cancellation of 26,048,350 restricted A Shares on 16 January 2025. Upon
        completion of the cancellation, the Company no longer had any restricted Shares. In addition,
        118,404,000 repurchased H Shares were cancelled by the Company on 27 February 2025 in
        accordance with the Share repurchase scheme. Such factors collectively contributed to a reduction
        in the total number of the Company’s Shares by 144,452,350 Shares during the Reporting Period.



     VIII. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS FROM NON-PUBLIC ISSUANCE OF
           A SHARES
        The non-public issuance of A Shares of the Company was completed in November 2017 (details of
        which are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 17 November 2017).


        The Shares issued under the non-public issuance of A Shares are RMB denominated ordinary
        Shares (A Shares) with a nominal value of RMB1.00 per Share listed on the SSE. The number
        of Shares issued was 753,390,254 Shares with an issue price of RMB19.91/A Share. The net price
        to the Company of each security was RMB19.80. The five target subscribers for the non-public
        issuance of A Shares are Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund Management Co.,
        Ltd., Guangzhou State-owned Assets Development Holdings Co., Ltd., GFHAM Wealth Management
        Select No.3 Private Investment Fund, Guangzhou Light Industry and Trade Group Co., Ltd. and
        Suiyong Holdings Co., Ltd. The closing price of A Shares under the non-public issuance of A Shares
        on 17 October 2017, being the date on which the Company received the relevant approval from the
        CSRC, was RMB19.03.




44
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025




                                                                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The actual amount of gross proceeds raised was RMB14,999,999,957.14 and the actual amount
of net proceeds raised, after deducting the issuance expenses of RMB83,050,000.00 was
RMB14,916,949,957.14.


Proceeds from non-public issuance of A Shares facilitated the comprehensive and sustainable
development of the Company’s business. The implementation of the investment projects using
the proceeds from the non-public issuance, on one hand, further strengthened the research and
development capability of the Company’s self-developed brands, promoted the establishment of
its range of self-developed brands and enriched the product mix under such brands, while on the
other hand, enabled the Company to keep abreast of future trend in new energy development of
the vehicle industry, laying a solid foundation for the Company to seize a share in the new energy
vehicle market. In addition, the proceeds from the non-public issuance optimised the Company’s
capital structure and lowered the gearing ratio, which reduced the Company’s financial risk and
cost of debt financing.


Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised as at 30 June 2025 are set out below:



AS AT 30 JUNE 2025
As at 30 June 2025, the amount of proceeds carried forward was RMB226,762,506.17 whereas the
total cumulative amount of utilised proceeds was approximately RMB13,392,277,778.85 (inclusive
of issuance expenses). Save for the items 7.9 and 7.10 specified below, there was no inconsistency
between the utilisation of the proceeds and the original intended use.




                                                                                                                45
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised are set out below:


                                                                                 Unit: 0’000    Currency: RMB


                                                        Total
                                                  amount of
                                                 investment
                                                commitment        Amount
                                                    from the     invested     Cumulative       Estimated
                                                    proceeds       for this      amount        time of
       No.   Investment project                        raised    half year      invested       completion
       1     New energy vehicles and R&D of       480,000.00          0.00     479,422.30      Completed
               prospective technology project
       2     GAEI phase 1 base                      60,000.00         0.00      50,743.99      Completed
               expansion project
       3     GAEI phase 2 base                     100,000.00         0.00      76,518.68      Completed
               construction project
       4     GAC proprietary brand                  80,000.00         0.00      22,782.95      Completed
               project of Xinjiang
       5     GAC improvement                       220,000.00         0.00      152,350.38     Completed
               project of Hangzhou
       6     GAC proprietary                       250,000.00         0.00      212,165.22     Completed
               brands technological
               reformation project
       7     GAC proprietary brands                215,000.00     20,521.00    244,320.82      Completed
               vehicle models projects
       7.1   GAMC A16 project                       20,000.00         0.00      18,780.34      Completed
       7.2   GAMC A35 project                       35,000.00         0.00      32,329.64      Completed
       7.3   GAMC A5H project                       30,000.00         0.00      30,547.98      Completed
       7.4   GAMC A10 project                       40,000.00         0.00       36,841.51     Completed
       7.5   GAMC A30 project                       15,000.00         0.00      15,000.00      Completed




46
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025




                                                               SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                Total
                                          amount of
                                         investment
                                        commitment        Amount
                                           from the      invested     Cumulative       Estimated
                                           proceeds       for this        amount       time of
No.    Investment project                     raised     half year       invested      completion
7.6    GAMC A32 project                    10,000.00          0.00       10,000.00     Completed
7.7    GAMC A06 project                    35,000.00          0.00       35,140.89     Completed
7.8    GAMC A7M project                    30,000.00          0.00       23,144.00     Completed
7.9    GAMC A66 project                          0.00     11,604.93      23,021.89     Second half of
                                          (37,733.79)*                                 2025
7.10   GAMC T68 project                          0.00     8,916.07        19,514.57    September 2025
                                         (24,424.00)*
8      GAMC engine project                 50,000.00          0.00       48,581.73     Completed
9      GAMC gearbox project                30,000.00          0.00       29,036.72     Completed
10     P6 gearbox development project      15,000.00          0.00       15,000.00     Completed
11     Issuance expenses                            –         0.00        8,305.00     –
       Total                            1,500,000.00     20,521.00    1,339,227.79




                                                                                                                 47
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       *    As at 28 March 2024, as approved by the 60th meeting of the sixth session of the Board and the 19th
            meeting of the sixth session of Supervisory Committee of the Company, the Company proposed to
            redirect the unused remaining proceeds (including interest and cash management revenue) of a total
            of approximately RMB621.5779 million of the original fund-raising project “GAC proprietary brand project
            of Xinjiang” to the new fund-raising project “GAC proprietary brands vehicle models projects”, i.e. “A66
            project” under item 7.9 and “T68 project” under item 7.10. The total investment of the new fund-raising
            project amounted to approximately RMB1,355.83 million (of which the total investment of the A66 project
            was approximately RMB671.92 million, and that of the T68 project was approximately RMB683.91 million).
            The proceeds intended for utilisation was approximately RMB621.5779 million (exact amount shall be
            subject to the balance in the special project account upon actual carrying forward), and the remaining
            funds were financed by the self-owned funds or self-raised funds. Reasons of the changes are that
            the second phase of investment in production capacity will be temporarily suspended in accordance
            with the development trend of the industry and the utilisation of the Company’s production capacity.
            Subsequently, feasibility studies will be further promoted, along with the industrial chain layout and
            sales volume, which shall be implemented with self-owned funds after being proved to be feasible. At
            the same time, the use of such certain proceeds raised will be adjusted to the development of new
            automobile models of self-developed brands.


       For further information on the utilisation of proceeds raised from the non-public issuance, please
       refer to the “2025 Half-year Specific Report on the Deposit and Utilisation of the Proceeds by
       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.” published by the Company on 29 August 2025 by way of
       overseas regulatory announcement. For information on the construction of GAC proprietary brand
       project of Xinjiang, please see “Announcement on the Changes of Use of Certain Proceeds Raised”
       published by the Company on 28 March 2024 by way of overseas regulatory announcement.




48
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025




                                                                  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



IX. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     On 3 February 2025, Mr. Zeng Qinghong resigned from his positions as the chairman of the Board
     (the “Chairman”) and executive director of the Company as he had reached the retirement age.
     On the same day, Mr. Feng Xingya was appointed as the Chairman and continued to serve as the
     general manager of the Company concurrently. Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate
     Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules, the roles of chairman and chief
     executive of a listed issuer should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual
     concurrently so as to achieve a balanced distribution of power and authority. The Company will
     implement relevant arrangements to comply with the aforesaid requirements depending on the
     needs of its business development.


     Save as aforesaid, the Company has complied with the code provisions of the Corporate
     Governance Code in force as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules during the Reporting
     Period.


     The Company has adopted the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
     Issuers” (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. After making specific
     enquiries with all directors by the Company, all directors have confirmed that they have fully
     complied with the Model Code and its code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions
     throughout the Reporting Period.



X.   TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO PRINCIPAL JOINT VENTURES
     At the time of listing of the Company, the Stock Exchange granted a conditional waiver from
     strict compliance with the requirements of Chapters 14 and 14A of the Listing Rules in respect
     of immaterial joint ventures. The Company is required to review whether the immaterial joint
     ventures met the conditions in the waiver on a yearly basis. Based on the financial statements for
     the year ended 31 December 2024, the principal joint ventures of the Company were GAC Toyota,
     GAC Honda and GAC-SOFINCO.




                                                                                                                 49
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     XI. OTHER DISCLOSURES

        1.   Potential risks
             Industry level
             The domestic automobile market has entered a phase of moderate to slow growth, where
             the industry competition has shifted from incremental expansion to the optimisation of
             existing resources, with involution and frequent price wars occurring in multiple dimensions.
             The profit margin of the automobile manufacturing industry is lower than the average level
             of downstream industrial enterprises. The growth rate of automobile exports has slowed
             down due to unfavorable factors such as trade barriers and geopolitical conflicts in overseas
             markets. The market landscape is undergoing continual polarisation. The penetration rate
             of NEVs is rising continuously, while the market share of fuel-powered vehicles is shrinking
             further. The market share of passenger vehicles under self-developed brands is constantly
             ramping up, while the market space for joint venture brands is further compressed.


             Company level
             The Group currently faces the following major issues and challenges:


             (1)   Capability to understand users requires improvement. The Group lacks systematic
                   product definition methods and tools, and its grasp of user demands is not precise
                   enough. Its ability to plan best-selling models needs to be improved.


             (2)   Product competitiveness requires enhancement. The Group’s brand positioning
                   lacks clarity and distinctiveness. There is insufficient alignment between technology
                   R&D outcomes and market needs, and its technological strengths are not prominent.




50
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Interim Report 2025




                                                         SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



(3)   Marketing system effectiveness exhibits relatively slow improvement. There is
      a structural mismatch between the existing sales system of the Group and its demand
      for new energy transition. Its sales channels remain predominantly reliant on traditional
      4S stores, while the development of new channels such as direct sales, agency and
      internet-based platforms lags behind the industry. Additionally, its digital marketing
      capabilities are relatively weak, and its channel coverage in the lower-tier markets is
      relatively inadequate.


(4)   Overseas expansion urgently requires acceleration. The export scale of the
      Group is still relatively small, with a low proportion of sales volume. There has been no
      synergy formed in aspects such as channel development, product management and
      operational coordination.


(5)   Deficiencies in cost control. The progress of cost reduction in commercial affairs and
      technologies is relatively slow, and there is room for improvement in platformisation
      rate, generalisation rate and commonality rate.


In response to the above issues and challenges, the Group will implement the following
countermeasures:


(1)   The Group will continue to deepen the IPD reforms, achieve the integration of the
      main IPD process, and deeply integrate the workflows of various fields with product
      development activities. The Group will enhance precision in planning and strategising,
      establish a strategic system for star models, systematically establish standardized
      insight methods throughout the entire journey and user demand-oriented product
      definition methods and tools. The Group will set up a special working group for quality
      improvement, strengthening the development of perceptual quality throughout the
      entire process spanning from demand undertaking, development control to verification
      and acceptance, in order to comprehensively enhance the customer experience. The
      Group will also accelerate product updates and iterations by accurately grasping
      user demands, and promote the market entry of new models, such as Trumpchi S9,
      Hyptec HL extended-range version, brand-new C-class luxury sedans and the second-
      generation AION V extended-range version.




                                                                                                        51
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          (2)   The Group will clearly define the positioning of its three major brands, namely,
                Trumpchi, AION and Hyptec, and review and update its product planning. The Group
                will enhance technological planning and the transformation of research results,
                refine the coordination mechanism between technological planning and product
                planning, so as to achieve interlocking along the entire chain, from demand, planning
                to implementation, installation, evaluation and assessment etc., to ensure more
                efficient conversion of technological innovation outcomes, and effectively empower
                the enhancement of product competitiveness and commercial success. The Group
                will promote the technological upgrade for electrification and intellectualisation, forge
                and deepen the technological branding with GAC characteristics, accelerate the R&D
                breakthrough of next-generation battery technology to attain leadership in battery
                technology. Taking the electronic and electrical architecture equipped with vehicle-
                cloud integration as the pedestal, the Group will empower the combination of driving
                assistance and cockpit with AI to drive the upgrade of intelligence experience.


          (3)   The Group will accelerate the revolution of IPMS in the marketing field, and enhance
                the operational effectiveness of the vehicle model marketing team. The Group will fully
                introduce the NPS (net promoter score) indicator management to ensure continuous
                satisfaction of users throughout the entire service cycle. The Group will develop an
                omni-channel content strategy, dig deep into the core selling points of the product,
                and execute targeted communication based on the pain points of target users in
                different usage scenarios to enhance the conversion effectiveness of traffic leads. The
                Group will also increase its deployment of sales and service outlets in cities below the
                third-tier level and rural areas to tap into the growth potential of the market.


          (4)   The Group will conduct in-depth research on key countries and markets, enhance the
                precision of product introduction and market fit, and strive to create overseas best-
                selling models. The Group will fortify the alignment of domestic vehicle model planning
                and feasibility studies, optimise overseas regulatory certification processes, and
                enhance product development efficiency. The Group will focus on high-potential yet
                high-barrier markets such as Europe, Australia, New Zealand and Brazil to accelerate
                channel development, targeting to add more than 170 new outlets throughout the
                year. The Group will also accelerate the construction and deployment of overseas KD
                factories, while expanding the scale and enhancing the capacity utilisation rate of KD
                projects.




52
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Interim Report 2025




                                                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     (5)   In terms of platformisation and component technology solutions, the Group will
           keep up with the technological iterations in the industry, reduce the number of
           configurations and components, and enhance the competitiveness of modules and the
           generalisation rate of vehicles. The Group will delve into the best technical solutions
           in the industry, eliminate redundancies, and implement ultimate technological cost
           reduction. The Group will establish an open, reliable and highly cost-competitive global
           industrial chain system, continuously and comprehensively open up the supply chain,
           and introduce suppliers with cost advantages. The Group will implement an end-to-
           end innovative procurement model for R&D, marketing, and investment functions
           etc., in the field of comprehensive procurement. The demand end will adopt unified
           purchasing, bundled procurement, platform sourcing, and horizontal integration. The
           supply end will drive the vertical integration of the tier-2 and tier-3 supply chains and
           expand the pool of candidates.



2.   Other disclosures
     In order to thoroughly implement the relevant requirements of the “Opinions on Further
     Improving the Quality of Listed Companies” and the “Initiative on Conducting the ‘Quality
     Improvement, Efficiency Enhancement, and Focus on Returns’ Special Action of Companies
     Listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange”, the Company has formulated and released the “Action
     Plan on ‘Quality Improvement, Efficiency Enhancement, and Focus on Returns’”. Since the
     release of the plan, the Company has undertaken proactive execution to enhance corporate
     quality, increase returns for investors and boost investors’ sense of achievement.




                                                                                                             53
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          1.   Deepen reforms to drive growth. In the face of the severe and complex market
               situation, in order to promote business improvement and sustainable development,
               the Company has formulated the three-year “Panyu Action”. In the first half of 2025,
               the Company steadily advanced the implementation of an integrated reform by setting
               up a shared service center for its self-developed brands. It has achieved an integrated
               operational control over research, production, supply, marketing and finance, as well as
               established a macro-R&D architecture. It is gradually promoting deep transformation
               and reengineering of procedural, organisational and decision-making mechanisms in
               accordance with the reform plan.


          2.   Sustain stable cash dividends. The Company has formulated the “Dividend
               Distribution Plan for Shareholders of GAC Group (2024-2026)”. The Company’s
               dividend distributed in cash each year shall be no less than 10% of the distributable
               profits realised in such year, whereas the dividend distributed in cash for these three
               consecutive years shall be no less than 30% of the average distributable profits realised
               in such three years. Since its listing, the Company has maintained cash dividends twice
               a year, at mid-year and year-end for many years, with the annual cash dividend payout
               ratio above 30%. In the first half of 2025, the Company implemented the 2024 final cash
               dividend on 21 June 2025, combined with the interim cash dividend, the cumulative
               cash dividend payout ratio throughout the year exceeded 62%.


          3.   Implement the Share repurchase plan. Based on confidence in the Company’s
               future development prospects and a high recognition of its value, in order to enhance
               the Company’s investment value and strengthen investors’ confidence, the Company
               has announced a Share repurchase plan with a total amount ranging from RMB500
               million to RMB1 billion. The Company strictly implemented the Share repurchase
               plan during the repurchase period, and completed the repurchase plan in the first
               half of 2025. More than 300 million Shares in total were repurchased throughout
               the repurchase period, accounting for 2.94% of the Company’s total Shares, and the
               cumulative repurchase amount amounted to approximately RMB900 million (transaction
               fees exclusive).




54
                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    Interim Report 2025




                                                           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



4.    Strengthen communication with investors. Since 2025, the Company has been
      under considerable pressure in terms of its operating and business performance.
      To enhance investors’ confidence, the Company has further strengthened its
      communication with the capital market and improved communication efficiency.
      The Company has intensified its liaison and communication with investors through
      a combination of multiple online and offline methods, including investor hotlines,
      mailbox of investor relations, the Shanghai Stock Exchange e-interaction portal,
      analyst meetings, on-site meetings and results briefings. In addition, the Company has
      conducted on-site roadshows in places such as Hong Kong and Singapore to enhance
      its coverage among overseas investors. It has maintained smooth communication
      with investors at multiple levels and conveyed the Company’s investment value and
      developmental philosophy.


To effectively enhance the market capitalisation, the Company has formulated and released
the “Valuation Enhancement Plan”, which aims to adequately consider the interests and
returns of investors in areas such as corporate governance, business improvement, mergers
and acquisitions, equity incentives and employee stock ownership and cash dividends,
thereby continuously enhancing the investment value of the Company. Meanwhile, the
Company revised the “Market Capitalisation Management System”, clarifying the behavioral
status of market capitalisation management in terms of strategic management and the
responsibilities of market capitalisation management at all levels, as well as clarifying the
monitoring and forewarning mechanism and emergency measures.


Subsequently, the Company will continuously assess the implementation of specific
measures under the “Quality Improvement, Efficiency Enhancement, and Focus on Returns”
action plan, fulfill its obligation of information disclosure in a timely manner, persistently
deepen reforms, and unceasingly fortify the Company’s core competitiveness and
profitability. Through excellent performance, standardized corporate governance and stable
returns for investors, the Company will earnestly fulfill its responsibilities and obligations as a
listed company and promote the stable and healthy development of the capital market.




                                                                                                          55
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       3.   SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT HELD, MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND
            DISPOSAL
            Save as disclosed in the most recent published annual report of the Group for the year
            ended 31 December 2024, the Group has not had any significant investments and has not
            conducted any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
            during the Reporting Period.



       4.   FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR ACQUISITION OF
            CAPITAL ASSETS
            Save as disclosed in the most recent published annual report of the Group for the year ended
            31 December 2024, the Group does not have any future plans for material investments or
            acquisition of capital assets.



       5.   REMUNERATION AND LEGAL RIGHTS OF EMPLOYEES
            As at 30 June 2025, there are 84,135 registered employees in the Group (including its investee
            enterprises).


            Taking into account of various factors, such as industry attributes, economic benefits and
            levels of employee remuneration, the Group continuously improved and optimised the
            remuneration distribution system. Besides, the Group attached importance to maintaining
            the market competitiveness of its remuneration level, and reviewed the remuneration level
            through the research and analysis on market salary and in light of industry benchmarking,
            so as to ensure that the remuneration system plays an incentive role in retaining talents.
            The Group advocated the implementation of performance-linked remuneration policy
            and continuously improved the corporate performance appraisal mechanism, individual
            performance appraisal measures, and employee promotion system, and formulated
            performance-linked remuneration policies that are both incentivising and binding.




56
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025




                                                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     The Group strictly complies with the national, provincial and municipal laws and regulations
     on labor protection and provides employees with competitive remuneration and a wide
     range of welfare benefits, including housing provident fund, supplementary medical
     insurance, enterprise annuity, health check-up, etc., to safeguard and protect the rights and
     interests of employees and their health in multiple aspects. At the same time, the Group
     encourages its investee enterprises to further enhance the flexibility and security of their
     employee welfare systems.


     In the first half of 2025, the Group focused on training programs in areas such as IPD,
     working methods with GAC’s characteristics, AI empowerment, product general managers,
     and international talent development, training a total of 427,000 personnel. By restructuring
     the training system and integrating resources to conduct various transformation-focused
     training sessions, the Group aimed to “shift mindsets”, “change awareness” and “transform
     work styles”, thereby building a proactive learning organization.



6.   PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     As at 30 June 2025, the Group had secured inventories of RMB2,546,615,123 and trade
     receivables of RMB1,988,584, respectively, which were pledged as collaterals for borrowings.




                                                                                                                57
          Chapter 5

      CHANGES IN SHARES AND
      INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS
     I.    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: Share


                                                                     Before change                        Increase/decrease in the change (+, -)                         After change
                                                                                                                  Conversion
                                                                                                                         from
                                                                                             Issue of             contributed
                                                                               Percentage       new     Bonus          capital                                                     Percentage
                                                                   Number             (%)     Shares    issue         surplus           Others       Subtotal          Number             (%)

           I. Restricted Shares                                  26,048,350           0.25                                          -26,048,350    -26,048,350                0             0
              1. State-owned Shares
              2. Shares held by state-owned legal person
              3. Shares held by other domestic entities
                  Including: Shares held by domestic non-
                                 state-owned legal persons
                               Shares held by domestic
                                 natural persons                 26,048,350           0.25                                          -26,048,350    -26,048,350                0             0
              4. Shares held by foreign entities
                  Including: Shares held by overseas legal
                                 persons
                               Shares held by overseas
                                 natural persons
           II. Non-restricted tradable Shares                 10,315,469,900         99.75                                         -118,404,000    -118,404,000   10,197,065,900          100
              1. RMB-denominated ordinary Shares              7,383,697,595          71.40                                                                        7,383,697,595          72.41
              2. Domestically-listed foreign Shares
              3. Overseas listed foreign Shares                2,931,772,305         28.35                                         -118,404,000    -118,404,000    2,813,368,305        27.59
              4. Others
           III. Total Shares                                  10,341,518,250          100                                          -144,452,350    -144,452,350   10,197,065,900          100


           Explanation on changes in Shares
           During the Reporting Period, as the 2020 A Share option and restricted Share incentive scheme
           failed to meet the performance conditions for the third unlocking period, the Company completed
           the repurchase and cancellation of 26,048,350 restricted A Shares on 16 January 2025. Upon
           completion of the cancellation, the Company no longer had any restricted Shares. In addition,
           118,404,000 repurchased H Shares were cancelled by the Company on 27 February 2025 in
           accordance with the Share repurchase scheme. Such factors collectively contributed to a reduction
           in the total number of the Company’s Shares by 144,452,350 Shares during the Reporting Period.




58
                                                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025




CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



II.   PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF
      THE COMPANY
      Pursuant to the “Resolution on the Share Repurchase Plan through Centralised Bidding” which was
      passed by Shareholders at the 2023 annual general meeting held on 20 May 2024, the Company
      may make on-market repurchases of in total not more than 738,828,395 A Shares and 309,862,030
      H Shares at the then current market prices on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Stock
      Exchange respectively during the relevant period (the “Repurchase Mandate”).


      The monthly distribution of Shares repurchased under the Repurchase Mandate by the Company
      during the Reporting Period is as follows:


      2025           A Shares (on-market repurchase on the Shanghai Stock Exchange)        H Shares (on-market repurchase on the Stock Exchange)
                                                                  Total repurchase                                                    Total repurchase
                      Number of         Highest        Lowest          value (RMB)      Number of        Highest        Lowest             value (HKD)
                          Shares          price          price          (excluding          Shares          price         price             (excluding
      Month          repurchased         (RMB)          (RMB)     transaction fees)    repurchased         (HKD)          (HKD)       transaction fees)

      January                  0*             –              –                     –     24,496,000          3.16           3.02             75,785,420
      February                 0              –              –                     –             0              –              –                      –
      March                    0              –              –                     –             0              –              –                      –
      April             1,288,404          7.79           7.73          9,999,365.48             0              –              –                      –
      May                      0              –              –                     –             0              –              –                      –
      June                   N/A              –              –                     –           N/A              –              –                      –
      Total             1,288,404          7.79           7.73         9,999,365.48     24,496,000           3.16          3.02             75,785,420


      *          As the 2020 A Share option and restricted Share incentive scheme failed to meet the performance
                 conditions for the third unlocking period, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of
                 26,048,350 restricted A Shares on 16 January 2025. However, such repurchase was made by the Company
                 directly from the relevant scheme participants, rather than in accordance with the Repurchase Mandate.


      To sum up, as at 30 June 2025, a total of 1,288,404 A Shares were repurchased at the aggregate
      consideration of RMB9,999,365.48 (excluding transaction fees), and the Company had an increase
      of 1,288,404 A Shares as its treasury Shares. Meanwhile, a total of 24,496,000 H Shares were
      repurchased at the aggregate consideration of HK$75,785,420 (excluding transaction fees) and all
      such repurchased H Shares were cancelled.


      Save as disclosed above, the Company has not redeemed any of its listed securities during the
      Reporting Period. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of the
      listed securities of the Company during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                          59
     CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



     III. SHARE INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AND
          OTHER PERSONS
       As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the persons (other than directors, chief
       executive and supervisors of the Company) interested in 5% or more of the respective classes of
       issued capital, as recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant
       to Section 336 of the SFO are set out below:


                                                                                                      Percentage in
                                                                                                        the class of   Percentage of
                              Class of                                                                 issued Share      total Share
       Name                   Shares      Capacity                   Number of Shares      (Note 1)
                                                                                                         capital (%)      capital (%)

       GAIG(Note 2)           A Shares    Beneficial owner              5,206,932,069(L)                       70.52            51.06
                              H Shares    Interest of a controlled       301,228,000(L) (Note 3)               10.71             2.95
                                            corporation and
                                            beneficial owner
       Hong Zejun (洪澤君)       H Shares    Beneficial owner              374,000,000(L)                         13.29             3.67


       Notes:

       1.       (L) – Long Position, (S) – Short Position, (P) – Lending Pool.


       2.       The number of Shares reflected that as at 30 June 2025, the total number of A Shares of the Company
                actually held by GAIG was 5,206,932,069 Shares, representing approximately 70.52% of the A Share capital
                of the Company. At the same time, through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
                and Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of GAIG), GAIG held
                301,228,000 H Shares of the Company in total, representing approximately 10.71% of the H Share capital
                of the Company. The total number of A and H Shares of the Company held by GAIG was 5,508,160,069
                Shares, representing approximately 54.02% of the total Share capital of the Company.


       3.       Of the 301,228,000 H Shares held by GAIG, 174,610,800 Shares are held through its wholly-owned
                subsidiary Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited, while 126,617,200 Shares are held by it as
                beneficial owner.




60
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2025



     Chapter 6

 PROFILES OF DIRECTORS,
 SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
I.    CHANGES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
      MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY
      On 3 February 2025, Mr. Zeng Qinghong ceased to be the Chairman and the chairman of the
      Strategy Committee of the Board and its member due to reaching the age of retirement. Mr.
      Feng Xingya was elected by the Board as the new Chairman and the chairman of the Strategy
      Committee of the Board.


      On 28 March 2025, the Company held the election of the seventh session of the Board. Mr. Ding
      Hongxiang and Mr. Guan Dayuan did not stand for re-election for the seventh session of the
      Board due to work reasons, with Mr. Ding ceasing to act as a member of the Remuneration and
      Assessment Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee of the Board and
      Mr. Guan ceasing to act as a member of the Strategy Committee of the Board. Their tenure ended
      at the conclusion of the general meeting on 28 March 2025.


      Mr. Zhou Kaiquan and Ms. Hong Suli were elected as new non-executive directors at the general
      meeting on 28 March 2025, the other directors of the seventh session of the Board are members
      of the sixth session of the Board. Among them, Mr. Zhou was appointed as a member of the
      Remuneration and Assessment Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy
      Committee of the Board, while Ms. Hong was appointed as a member of the Strategy Committee.
      Meanwhile, Ms. Deng Lei was re-elected by the staff representative meeting of the Company as a
      staff representative director of the seventh session of the Board. The terms of office of the directors
      of the seventh session of the Board are three years commencing on 28 March 2025.


      Before Mr. Zhou Kaiquan and Ms. Hong Suli’s director appointments became effective, on 24 March
      2025, they obtained the legal advice from a firm of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong
      laws referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules and confirmed that they have understood their
      responsibilities as non-executive directors and the requirements under the Listing Rules that are
      applicable to them as non-executive directors and the possible consequences of making a false
      declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                     61
     PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     II.   INTERESTS OF INCUMBENT AND RESIGNED DIRECTORS,
           SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT IN SHARES
           DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
           As at 30 June 2025, the interests or short positions of the incumbent and resigned directors,
           supervisors and senior management of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and
           debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the SFO),
           which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
           7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which he/she was deemed or
           taken to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of
           the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the
           Model Code under the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were
           as follows:

                                                                                                                                Number of                  Percentage
                                                                                                                               interests in                     in the
                                                                                                                         underlying Shares                    class of   Percentage of
                                                                             Class of                       Number of    held under equity               issued Share       total Share
           Name                    Position                                  Shares     Capacity           Shares held          derivatives      Total         capital          capital

           Zeng QinghongNote 2     Chairman and Party Secretary              A Shares   Beneficial owner    398,300                      –    398,300     0.0054%           0.0039%
           Feng Xingya             Director, General Manager, Deputy Party   A Shares   Beneficial owner    603,933             400,000 1,003,933          0.0136%          0.0098%
                                     Secretary; Chairman, General Manager
                                     and Party Secretary
           Chen Xiaomu             Director and Deputy Party Secretary       A Shares   Beneficial owner      97,367                     –     97,367      0.0013%          0.0010%
                                                                             H Shares   Beneficial owner     98,000                      –     98,000      0.0035%          0.0010%
           Deng Lei                Director                                  A Shares   Beneficial owner      191,130           340,000        531,130     0.0072%          0.0052%
           Wang Yuan               Staff Representative Supervisor           A Shares   Beneficial owner      25,160             128,800      153,960      0.0021%           0.0015%
           Zhu Chun                Staff Representative Supervisor           A Shares   Beneficial owner     124,687             184,000      308,687     0.0042%           0.0030%
                                                                             H Shares   Beneficial owner       2,000                     –      2,000      0.0001%          0.0000%
           Yan Zhuangli (resigned Deputy General Manager                     A Shares   Beneficial owner    182,000             360,000       542,000      0.0073%          0.0053%
           on 18 September 2025)
           Wang Dan                Chief Accountant and Person in            A Shares   Beneficial owner    576,968             360,000       936,968      0.0127%          0.0092%
                                     Charge of Accounting Function
           Gao Rui                 Deputy General Manager                    A Shares   Beneficial owner    120,000             360,000       480,000      0.0065%          0.0047%
           Jiang Xiuyun            Deputy General Manager                    A Shares   Beneficial owner            –           360,000       360,000     0.0049%           0.0035%
           Yu Jun                  Deputy General Manager                    A Shares   Beneficial owner    269,500             360,000       629,500      0.0085%          0.0062%
           Zheng Heng              Deputy General Manager                    A Shares   Beneficial owner    277,479             360,000       637,479     0.0086%           0.0063%
           Xia Xianqing            Deputy General Manager                    A Shares   Beneficial owner     110,300            360,000       470,300     0.0064%           0.0046%
           Liu Xiangneng           Secretary to the Board, Company Secretary A Shares   Beneficial owner      26,940             184,000      210,940      0.0029%           0.0021%




62
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025




PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT



   Notes:


   1.       In view of good practice of corporate governance, interests of senior management (other than the chief
            executive) in the Company are also disclosed in the above table.


   2.       On 3 February 2025, Mr. Zeng Qinghong ceased to be the Chairman due to reaching the age of
            retirement. Mr. Feng Xingya was elected by the Board as the new Chairman. Therefore, the information
            regarding the number of Shares held by Mr. Zeng Qinghong, the number of interests in underlying
            Shares held under equity derivatives by Mr. Zeng Qinghong, the related total amount etc., is as of 3
            February 2025, being the last date on which the Company could confirm Mr. Zeng Qinghong’s interests.


   Save as disclosed above, so far as the directors of the Company are aware, as at 30 June 2025,
   none of the directors, supervisors or chief executives of the Company had any interests or short
   positions in any Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
   corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the
   Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
   the interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of
   the SFO), or which were required to be recorded in the register required to be kept as referred to
   in section 352 of the SFO or were otherwise required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
   Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                                                        63
     Chapter 7

     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
       CONDENSED
       CONSOLIDATED
       INTERIM
       FINANCIAL
       INFORMATION




64
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Interim Report 2025




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                     Unaudited              Audited
                                                                       30 June         31 December
                                                                          2025                2024
                                                             Note     RMB’000              RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                 5      27,637,110           28,395,996
Investment properties                                         5         950,409              984,353
Intangible assets                                             5      17,663,044           16,990,615
Right-of-use assets                                           6       9,111,195            9,430,513
Time deposits                                                           462,690              940,000
Goodwill                                                                 93,706               93,706
Investments in joint ventures and associates                  7      34,356,808           30,122,264
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                      9      10,806,121           11,716,266
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         9       2,247,923            1,972,042
Prepayments and other long-term receivables                           1,918,047           15,003,461
Deferred tax assets                                           8       6,208,020            5,777,101


                                                                    111,455,073         121,426,317


Current assets
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                     9       15,259,298           14,238,125
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        9        2,355,805            2,558,787
Inventories                                                  10      17,529,216           15,688,476
Trade receivables and other current assets                   11      27,107,255           28,002,526
Contract assets                                                          32,833               18,790
Time deposits                                                        12,120,501            9,939,925
Restricted cash                                                       4,677,675            4,157,330
Cash and cash equivalents                                            22,187,606           36,482,090


                                                                    101,270,189         111,086,049




                                                                                                            65
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION



                                                     Unaudited         Audited
                                                       30 June    31 December
                                                          2025           2024
                                             Note     RMB’000         RMB’000


     Current liabilities
     Trade and other payables                13      57,046,617    63,226,725
     Contract liabilities                             3,494,484     2,573,115
     Current taxation                                   341,315       415,478
     Loans and borrowings                    14      17,387,726    23,321,740
     Lease liabilities                        6         266,006       456,396
     Provisions                                         874,324       784,606


                                                     79,410,472    90,778,060


     Net current assets                              21,859,717    20,307,989


     Total assets less current liabilities          133,314,790   141,734,306


     Non-current liabilities
     Trade and other payables                13       3,865,235     4,193,388
     Loans and borrowings                    14       7,841,677    11,968,855
     Lease liabilities                        6       1,632,620     1,727,522
     Deferred tax liabilities                 8         625,722       579,744
     Provisions                                       1,479,438     1,326,752
     Contract liabilities                               107,438       107,438


                                                     15,552,130    19,903,699


     NET ASSETS                                     117,762,660   121,830,607




66
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025




 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION



                                                                         Unaudited               Audited
                                                                           30 June          31 December
                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                             Note         RMB’000               RMB’000


 CAPITAL AND RESERVES
 Share capital                                                12         10,197,066            10,341,518
 Reserves                                                                46,607,150            46,647,855
 Retained earnings                                                       54,529,929            57,418,733


 Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the
  Company                                                               111,334,145          114,408,106
 Non-controlling interests                                                6,428,515            7,422,501


 TOTAL EQUITY                                                           117,762,660          121,830,607


The above condensed consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                 67
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                   Six months ended 30 June

                                                                        2025            2024
                                                            Note     RMB’000         RMB’000


     Revenue                                                 4      42,610,941      46,255,051
     Cost of sales                                                 (44,460,416)    (44,453,769)


     Gross profit                                                   (1,849,475)      1,801,282


     Selling and distribution costs                                 (2,602,291)     (2,478,718)
     Administrative expenses                                        (2,558,491)     (2,527,780)
     Net impairment gains/(losses) on financial assets                   3,811        (210,013)
     Interest income                                                   128,065         108,298
     Other gains – net                                               1,265,499       2,547,965


     Operating loss                                         15      (5,612,882)       (758,966)


     Interest income                                                   104,794         242,271
     Finance costs                                          16        (340,227)       (323,806)
     Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates    7       1,923,079       2,010,925


     (Loss)/profit before taxation                                  (3,925,236)      1,170,424


     Income tax credit                                      17         445,019         45,437


     (Loss)/profit for the period                                   (3,480,217)      1,215,861




68
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025




 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS



                                                                                     Unaudited
                                                                              Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                  Note           RMB’000               RMB’000


 Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                            (2,538,251)           1,516,347
  Non-controlling interests                                                       (941,966)            (300,486)


 (Loss)/profit for the period                                                   (3,480,217)           1,215,861


 (Loss)/earnings per share (expressed in RMB per share)
   Basic                                                           18                 (0.25)                 0.14


   Diluted                                                         18                 (0.25)                 0.14


The above condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




                                                                                                                       69
      INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                      Unaudited
                                                                               Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                        Note      RMB’000           RMB’000


      (Loss)/profit for the period                                               (3,480,217)       1,215,861


      Other comprehensive income


      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
      – exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                   13,464             39,366
      – changes in the fair value of debt instruments at fair value
           through other comprehensive income                                        (9,263)           35,340
      – impairment loss on debt instruments at fair value through
           other comprehensive income                                               54,285             38,996
      Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or
         loss
      – changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value
           through other comprehensive income                                     (185,574)          101,993


      Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                       (127,088)          215,695


      Total comprehensive income for the period                                  (3,607,305)       1,431,556


      Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                        (2,671,537)       1,717,350
       Non-controlling interests                                                   (935,768)        (285,794)


      Total comprehensive income for the period                                  (3,607,305)       1,431,556


     The above condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read
     in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




70
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                          Unaudited

                                        Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                       Non-
                                           Share                     Retained                    controlling
                                          capital      Reserves      earnings         Total        interests   Total equity
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


Balance as at 1 January 2025            10,341,518    46,647,855    57,418,733    114,408,106     7,422,501    121,830,607


Changes in equity for the period
Loss for the period                              –             –    (2,538,251)    (2,538,251)     (941,966)    (3,480,217)
Other comprehensive income                       –      (133,286)            –       (133,286)        6,198       (127,088)


Total comprehensive income                       –      (133,286)   (2,538,251)    (2,671,537)     (935,768)    (3,607,305)


Dividend declared by the Company and
  subsidiaries                                   –            –       (203,645)      (203,645)      (88,586)      (292,231)
Repurchase and cancellation of shares     (118,404)      38,426              –        (79,978)            –        (79,978)
Employee share scheme
  – Cancellation of restricted shares      (26,048)      26,048              –              –             –              –
Others                                           –       28,107       (146,908)      (118,801)       30,368        (88,433)


Balance as at 30 June 2025              10,197,066    46,607,150    54,529,929    111,334,145     6,428,515    117,762,660




                                                                                                                               71
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                                                Unaudited

                                              Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                              Non-
                                                 Share                     Retained                     controlling
                                                capital      Reserves      earnings         Total         interests   Total equity
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


      Balance as at 1 January 2024            10,490,234    47,317,286    57,966,657    115,774,177      8,679,635    124,453,812


      Changes in equity for the period
      Profit/(loss) for the period                     –            –      1,516,347      1,516,347       (300,486)     1,215,861
      Other comprehensive income                       –      201,003              –        201,003         14,692        215,695


      Total comprehensive income                       –      201,003      1,516,347      1,717,350       (285,794)     1,431,556


      Dividend declared by the Company and
        subsidiaries                                   –             –    (1,048,690)    (1,048,690)      (108,294)     (1,156,984)
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares            –       (25,988)            –         (25,988)            –          (25,988)
      Employee share scheme
        – Proceeds from shares issued                 14           112             –            126              –            126
        – Cancellation of restricted shares       (3,330)        3,330             –              –              –              –
      Others                                           –      (104,718)            –       (104,718)       217,271        112,553


      Balance as at 30 June 2024              10,486,918    47,391,025    58,434,314    116,312,257      8,502,818    124,815,075


     The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.




72
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Interim Report 2025




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                                 Unaudited
                                                                          Six months ended 30 June

                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000


Operating activities
 Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                 (11,136,407)            2,005,601
 Interest received                                                            234,696               685,649
 Interest paid                                                               (252,993)             (479,864)
 Income tax paid                                                             (306,477)             (363,365)


Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                    (11,461,181)            1,848,021


Investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
  intangible assets                                                        (4,380,648)           (4,782,600)
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and
  intangible assets                                                            45,804                  54,533
Additional capital injection in joint ventures                               (195,975)              (886,500)
Additional capital injection in associates                                          –               (215,381)
Acquisition and set-up of joint ventures                                      (62,420)                (28,220)
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                   –                 (14,900)
Acquisition and set-up of an associate                                     (2,621,731)                      –
Disposals of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                              (354,643)                      –
Disposals of joint ventures and associates                                     20,801                295,930
Acquisition of investment on financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss, other comprehensive income and amortised cost           (30,608,644)          (19,027,081)
Disposal of investment on financial assets at fair value through profit
  or loss, other comprehensive income and amortised cost                   30,389,431              8,985,261
Proceeds from investment income from financial instruments                    324,730                166,846
Granting of entrusted loans                                                         –                 (57,814)
Proceeds from repayment of entrusted loans                                          –                  43,097
Receipt of government grants related to assets                                433,844                257,941
Dividends received                                                          3,199,410            10,054,271
Increase in time deposits                                                  (1,779,679)            (5,195,157)


Net cash used in investing activities                                      (5,589,720)          (10,349,774)


                                                                                                                   73
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT



                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                                Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


      Financing activities
        Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares under employee
          share-based awards scheme                                                        –                 126
        Contribution from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                28,580              77,841
        Dividend paid to shareholders of the Company                                (203,645)        (1,048,690)
        Dividend paid to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                   (86,530)            (64,572)
        Proceeds from bank borrowings (excluding securitization debts)            19,717,896        15,759,444
        Proceeds from securitization debts                                                 –            132,901
        Proceeds from deposits for financing activities                                    –               1,355
        Repayments of bank borrowings (excluding securitization debts)           (16,755,054)      (16,103,122)
        Repayments of securitization debts                                                 –         (2,295,287)
        Proceed from repurchasing financial assets                                   326,051                   –
        Principal elements of lease payments                                        (120,731)            (78,952)
        Other payments of financing expenses                                          (6,669)            (84,385)
        Share repurchase payment                                                     (79,978)            (25,988)


      Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                       2,819,920         (3,729,329)


      Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                  (14,230,981)      (12,231,082)


      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                        36,482,090        39,522,331


      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        (63,503)          244,015


      Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                              22,187,606        27,535,264


     The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
     notes.




74
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
1   GENERAL INFORMATION
    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are
    principally engaged in the manufacturing and sale of automobiles, engines and other automotive parts and
    rendering of financial services. The Company’s holding company is Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group
    Co., Ltd. (“GAIG”), a state-owned enterprise incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


    The registered address of the Company is 23/F, Chengyue Building, No. 448 – No. 458, Dong Feng
    Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, the PRC.


    The Company was established in June 1997 as a limited liability company in the PRC. In June 2005,
    the Company underwent a reorganisation and transformed itself into a joint stock company with limited
    liability under the Company Law of the PRC. The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board
    of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Shanghai Stock Exchange since 30 August 2010 and
    29 March 2012, respectively.


    This condensed consolidated interim financial information is presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”)
    Yuan, unless otherwise stated. This condensed consolidated interim financial information was approved
    for issue on 29 August 2025.


    This condensed consolidated interim financial information has not been audited.



2   BASIS OF PREPARATION
    This condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2025 has
    been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, ‘Interim financial
    reporting’. The condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all the notes of
    the type normally included in annual financial statements. Accordingly, this information is to be read in
    conjunction with the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2024 which have been prepared in
    accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), and any public announcement
    made by the Company during the interim reporting period.




                                                                                                                     75
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     3   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         The Group has applied the amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates
         – Lack of exchangeability issued by the HKICPA to this interim financial report for the current accounting
         period. The amendments do not have a material impact on this interim report as the Group has not
         entered into any foreign currency transactions in which the foreign currency is not exchangeable into
         another currency.


         The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
         accounting period.



     4   SEGMENT REPORTING
         The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by a mixture of both business
         lines (products and services) and geography. In a manner consistent with the way in which information
         is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of resource
         allocation and performance assessment, the Group has presented the following two reportable segments.


         •     Vehicles and related operations segment: production and sale of a variety of passenger vehicles,
               commercial vehicles, automotive parts and related operations.


         •     Others: mainly production and sale of motorcycles, automobile finance and insurance, other financing
               services and investing business.


         For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the
         Group’s senior executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to each
         reportable segment on the following bases:


         Segment assets include all tangible, intangible assets and current assets with the exception of interests
         in joint venture and associates, investments in financial assets, deferred tax assets and other corporate
         assets. Segment liabilities include provision for product warranties, trade creditors, accruals, bills payable
         and lease liabilities attributable to the manufacturing and sales activities of the individual segments and
         bank borrowings managed directly by the segments.


         Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to sales generated by those
         segments and the expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise arise from the depreciation
         or amortization of assets attributable to those segments. Segment profit includes the Group’s share of
         profit arising from the activities of the Group’s joint venture and associates. However, other than reporting
         inter-segment sales of vehicles and related products, assistance provided by one segment to another,
         including sharing of assets and technical know-how, is not measured.

76
                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



4   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
    During the six months ended 30 June 2025, no revenue from transactions with a single external customer
    counted to 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.

    The segment results for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and other segment items included in the
    interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                              Vehicles
                                                           and related
                                                            operations     Others      Eliminations    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


    Six months ended 30 June 2025
    Total gross segment revenue                            40,293,246     2,635,536       (317,841)              –      42,610,941
    Inter-segment revenue                                    (124,991)     (192,850)       317,841               –               –


    Revenue (from external customers)                      40,168,255     2,442,686               –              –      42,610,941


    Timing of revenue recognition under HKFRS 15
    – At a point in time                                   38,066,272        40,166               –              –      38,106,438
    – Over time                                             1,946,876       319,060               –              –       2,265,936
    Revenue from other sources                                155,107     2,083,460               –              –       2,238,567


    Segment results                                         (6,235,494)    297,623          (37,706)       368,703      (5,606,874)
    Unallocated income – Interest income of headquarters             –           –                –        107,488         107,488
    Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                  –           –                –       (113,496)       (113,496)


    Operating loss                                                                                                      (5,612,882)


    Interest income                                             83,893      11,313                –          9,588         104,794
    Finance costs                                             (295,472)     (8,578)               –        (36,177)       (340,227)
    Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates     1,859,779      63,300                –              –       1,923,079


    Loss before income tax                                                                                              (3,925,236)


    Income tax credit/(expenses)                              579,714       (72,258)              –        (62,437)        445,019

    Loss for the period                                                                                                 (3,480,217)

                                                                                                                                      77
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     4   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
         The segment results for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and other segment items included in the
         interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                                    Vehicles
                                                                 and related
                                                                  operations     Others     Eliminations   Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


         Six months ended 30 June 2024
         Total gross segment revenue                             43,950,178    2,622,121      (317,248)              –     46,255,051
         Inter-segment revenue                                     (154,613)    (162,635)      317,248               –              –


         Revenue (from external customers)                       43,795,565    2,459,486              –              –     46,255,051


         Timing of revenue recognition under HKFRS 15
         – At a point in time                                    40,879,626       27,670              –              –     40,907,296
         – Over time                                              2,064,935      393,849              –              –      2,458,784
         Revenue from other sources                                 851,004    2,037,967              –              –      2,888,971


         Segment results                                         (2,286,864)   1,536,359        (17,393)            –        (767,898)
         Unallocated income – Interest income of headquarters             –            –              –        96,684           96,684
         Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                  –            –              –       (87,752)         (87,752)


         Operating loss                                                                                                      (758,966)


         Interest income                                            219,886        5,633              –        16,752         242,271
         Finance costs                                             (294,773)      (3,413)             –       (25,620)       (323,806)
         Share of net profits of joint ventures and associates    1,738,461     272,464               –             –       2,010,925


         Profit before income tax                                                                                           1,170,424


         Income tax credit/(expenses)                              300,931      (252,066)             –         (3,428)        45,437


         Profit for the period                                                                                              1,215,861


78
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



4   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
    The segment assets and liabilities as at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024 are as follows:


                                       Vehicles
                                    and related
                                     operations      Others    Eliminations    Unallocated Consolidated
                                      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


    Total assets


    At 30 June 2025                146,866,610    69,120,877    (63,511,585)    60,249,360      212,725,262


    At 31 December 2024            172,920,414    66,163,946    (67,710,897)    61,138,903      232,512,366


    Total liabilities


    At 30 June 2025                 97,380,641    52,771,713    (62,289,743)     7,099,991       94,962,602


    At 31 December 2024            111,639,585    50,367,893    (59,887,629)     8,561,910      110,681,759




                                                                                                                   79
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     5   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND
         INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                         Property,
                                                         plant and      Investment      Intangible
                                                        equipment        properties         assets
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


         Six months ended 30 June 2025


         Opening net book amount as at 1 January 2025   28,395,996         984,353      16,990,615
         Additions                                       2,268,967               –       3,599,530
         Transfers                                         (61,788)         (5,346)              –
         Disposals                                         (47,117)              –        (194,007)
         Decrease caused by disposal of subsidiaries      (807,929)              –         (22,247)
         Depreciation and amortisation                  (2,111,019)        (28,598)     (2,710,847)


         Closing net book amount as at 30 June 2025     27,637,110         950,409      17,663,044


                                                          Property,
                                                          plant and      Investment      Intangible
                                                         equipment        properties         assets
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


         Six months ended 30 June 2024


         Opening net book amount as at 1 January 2024   24,929,595       1,061,628      16,375,995
         Additions                                        2,835,150                –      2,735,929
         Transfers                                         (116,087)       116,087                –
         Disposals                                           (57,588)         (6,827)      (141,497)
         Depreciation and amortisation                   (1,579,548)        (35,292)     (2,677,599)


         Closing net book amount as at 30 June 2024     26,011,522       1,135,596      16,292,828




80
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



6   LEASES
                                                                     Unaudited               Audited
                                                                       30 June          31 December
                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


    Right-of-use assets
    Land-use rights (Note (i))                                        6,955,567             7,284,866
    Properties                                                        2,088,635             2,066,524
    Vehicles                                                             53,340                59,973
    Others                                                               13,653                19,150


                                                                      9,111,195             9,430,513


    Lease liabilities
    Current                                                             266,006               456,396
    Non-current                                                       1,632,620             1,727,522


                                                                      1,898,626             2,183,918



    (i)   Movements of the land-use rights for the period are as follows:
                                                                                    Land-use rights
                                                                                          RMB’000


          Net book value at 1 January 2025                                                  7,284,866
          Additions                                                                            67,134
          Depreciation                                                                       (101,474)
          Decrease caused by disposal of subsidiaries                                        (294,959)


          Net book value at 30 June 2025                                                    6,955,567


          Net book value at 1 January 2024                                                  6,617,307
          Additions                                                                           255,837
          Depreciation                                                                         (79,330)


          Net book value at 30 June 2024                                                    6,793,814


                                                                                                             81
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
         The amounts recognised in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:


                                                                                                Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                                  30 June         31 December
                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


         Investments in joint ventures                                                          22,288,419         20,823,230
         Investments in associates                                                              12,232,354          9,462,999


         Less: impairment losses                                                                   (163,965)          (163,965)


                                                                                                34,356,808         30,122,264


         The amounts recognised in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
         income are as follows:


                                                                                                     Unaudited
                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2025           2024
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


         Share of profits of joint ventures (Note (i))                                           1,470,450          1,818,579
         Share of profits of associates (Note (i))                                                 452,629            192,346


                                                                                                 1,923,079          2,010,925


         (i)   Unrealised profits or losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions are eliminated.




82
                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    7.1   Investments in joint ventures

          (a)   Movements of investments in joint ventures are set out as follows:

                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


                Beginning of the period                                             20,823,230             27,521,810
                Additions (Note (i))                                                 2,390,895                 914,720
                Reduction                                                              (77,633)                  (5,478)
                Share of net profits                                                 1,516,221               1,846,554
                Other equity changes                                                         –                    7,895
                Dividends declared                                                  (2,364,294)             (9,134,057)


                End of the period                                                   22,288,419             21,151,444


                (i)   In the six months ended 30 June 2025, the additions mainly include the transformation of GAC-SOFINCO
                      Leasing from a subsidiary to a joint venture, resulting in an addition of RMB2,132,500,000.




                                                                                                                             83
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
         7.1   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)
               (b)   The following list contains material joint ventures of the Group and the Company, which is
                     unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price is not available:


                                                                                                              Proportion of ownership interest
                                              Form of      Place of         Particulars
                                              business     incorporation of issued and        Group’s effective                                               Principal
                     Name of joint venture    structure    and business paid up capital           interest         Held by the Company Held by a subsidiary   activity

                                                                                                           31               31               31
                                                                                             30 June December 30 June December 30 June December
                                                                                                2025     2024    2025     2024    2025     2024


                     GAC Honda Automobile     Incorporated Mainland China            USD       50%          50%       50%          50%           0%    0%     Manufacture
                      Co., Ltd. (“GAC                                        541,000,000/                                                                       and sale of
                      Honda”) * 廣汽本田汽                                         541,000,000                                                                       automobile
                      車有限公司                                                                                                                                     and automotive
                                                                                                                                                                parts
                     GAC Toyota Motor Co.,    Incorporated Mainland China             USD      50%          50%       50%          50%           0%    0%     Manufacture
                      Ltd. (“GAC Toyota”) *                                 1,333,896,000/                                                                      and sale of
                      廣汽豐田汽車有限公司                                             1,333,896,000                                                                      automobile
                                                                                                                                                                and automotive
                                                                                                                                                                parts
                     GAC-SOFINCO              Incorporated Mainland China             RMB      50%          50%       50%          50%           0%    0%     Provision of
                      Automobile Finance                                    4,100,000,000/                                                                      automotive
                      Co., Ltd. (“GAC-                                       4,100,000,000                                                                      financing
                      SOFINCO”)* 廣汽匯理                                                                                                                           services
                      汽車金融有限公司
                     Wuyang-Honda Motors      Incorporated Mainland China            USD       50%          50%       50%          50%           0%    0%     Manufacture
                      (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                   49,000,000/                                                                      and sale of
                      (“Wuyang-Honda”)*                                        49,000,000                                                                      motorcycle
                      五羊-本田摩托(廣州)                                                                                                                              and motorcycle
                      有限公司                                                                                                                                     parts


                     *          The official name of this entity is in Chinese. The English translation of the name is for identification only.




84
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    7.1   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

          (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures
                Set out below is the summary of combined financial information for all the joint ventures of
                the Group (excluding goodwill). As restricted by the confidentiality agreements entered into
                with other shareholders of certain joint ventures, the Group has not disclosed certain financial
                data of material joint ventures separately.


                The below financial information of the joint ventures has been consistently measured based
                on the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the date
                of acquisition.


                The information below reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the joint
                ventures (and not the Group’s share of those amounts) adjusted for differences in accounting
                policies between the Group and the joint ventures.


                Summarised statement of financial position

                                                                              Unaudited               Audited
                                                                                30 June          31 December
                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


                Assets
                Non-current assets                                            87,809,414            87,147,855


                Current assets
                – Cash and cash equivalents                                   33,631,472            41,120,903
                – Other current assets                                        24,894,321            25,783,209


                                                                              58,525,793            66,904,112


                Total assets                                                 146,335,207          154,051,967




                                                                                                                      85
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
         7.1   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

               (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                     Summarised statement of financial position (Continued)

                                                                              Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                30 June     31 December
                                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


                     Liabilities
                     Non-current liabilities
                     – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and other
                         payables)                                            23,220,340     28,911,282
                     – Other non-current liabilities (including trade and
                         other payables)                                       8,038,370      6,808,923


                                                                              31,258,710     35,720,205


                     Current liabilities
                     – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and other
                         payables)                                            13,711,154     15,958,783
                     – Other current liabilities (including trade and other
                         payables)                                            54,728,975     57,539,208


                                                                              68,440,129     73,497,991


                     Total liabilities                                        99,698,839    109,218,196


                     Net assets                                               46,636,368     44,833,771
                     Less: Non-controlling interests                              (8,288)         (8,641)


                                                                              46,628,080     44,825,130




86
                                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    7.1   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

          (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                Summarised statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


                Revenue                                                                           84,345,369               91,827,280
                Cost of sales                                                                    (67,704,828)             (74,083,358)
                Other expenditures                                                               (13,604,513)             (14,017,887)


                Profit after tax                                                                   3,036,028                3,726,035
                Less: profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                  (353)                    (130)


                                                                                                   3,035,675                3,725,905
                Other comprehensive income                                                           (14,598)                       –


                Total comprehensive income                                                         3,021,077                3,725,905


                Set out below are the assets, liabilities, revenue and dividends of the material joint ventures
                of the Group:


                                            Assets                   Liabilities                 Revenue              Dividends received
                                        As at        As at        As at            As at        Six months                Six months
                Name of material       30-Jun      31-Dec        30-Jun          31-Dec        ended 30 June            ended 30 June
                 joint ventures
                                        2025         2024         2025           2024          2025         2024        2025         2024
                                     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000


                GAC Honda           25,082,828   30,497,287   15,837,500    20,850,429     22,624,706   30,668,293           –           –
                GAC Toyota          44,392,997   48,517,036   30,859,213    33,875,111     52,309,603   52,150,156   2,210,240   8,859,211
                GAC SOFINCO         46,279,608   56,319,831   36,583,449    46,970,453      1,755,140    2,016,382           –           –
                Wuyang-Honda         2,654,042    2,665,361    1,330,286     1,289,808      2,311,311    2,278,851      40,380     112,376


                Total              118,409,475 137,999,515    84,610,448 102,985,801       79,000,760   87,113,682   2,250,620   8,971,587

                                                                                                                                             87
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
         7.1   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

               (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                     Reconciliation of share of the net assets to the carrying amount of the Group’s interests in
                     the material joint ventures:


                                                                                 Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                   30 June        31 December
                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


                     Assets                                                    118,409,475         137,999,515
                     Less: Liabilities                                         (84,610,448)       (102,985,801)
                           Non-controlling interests                                (8,288)              (8,641)


                     Net assets excluding non-controlling interests              33,790,739         35,005,073
                     Percentage of ownership interest                                  50%                50%


                     Interests in material joint ventures                        16,895,370         17,502,537
                     Goodwill                                                        21,259             21,259
                       – Wuyang-Honda                                                21,259             21,259


                     Carrying amount of investments in material
                      joint ventures                                             16,916,629         17,523,796




88
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    7.2   Investments in associates

          (a)   Movements of investments in associates are set out as follows:

                                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2025           2024
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


                Beginning of the period                                                 9,462,999               9,638,058
                Additions (Note (i))                                                    3,303,121                 248,844
                Capital reduction                                                               –                  (22,576)
                Share of profits less losses                                              390,243                 191,410
                Other equity changes                                                            –                   15,409
                Dividend declared                                                        (924,009)             (1,206,117)


                End of the period                                                      12,232,354              8,865,028


                (i)   In the six months ended 30 June 2025, the additions mainly represent the Group’s capital contribution of
                      RMB2,100,000,000 to Xinjiang Kunlun Blue Diamond Mining Development Co., Ltd.


          (b)   In the opinion of the board, there are no associates individually material to the Group. Set
                out below is the Group’s share of associates’ results:


                                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2025           2024
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


                Associates
                Profits less losses                                                        452,629                192,346


                Total comprehensive income                                                 452,629                192,346




                                                                                                                                 89
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     8   DEFERRED INCOME TAX
         The net movements on the deferred income tax account are as follows:


                                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000


         Beginning of the period                                                         5,197,357             4,126,123
         Tax recognised in profit or loss (Note 17)                                        384,941               429,668


         End of the period                                                               5,582,298             4,555,791



     9   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the
         fair values of the financial instruments since the last annual financial report.


         9.1   Fair value hierarchy
               The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different
               levels have been defined as follows:


               •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).


               •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                     liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).


               •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                     unobservable inputs) (level 3).




90
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



9   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (Continued)
    9.1   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
          The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 30
          June 2025.


                                                              Level 1     Level 2         Level 3          Total
                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                              Note (a)    Note (b)        Note (c)

          Assets
          Financial assets at fair value through other
             comprehensive income and financial assets at
             fair value through profit or loss
             – Bond investments                             16,344,174          –               –      16,344,174
             – Fund investments                                      –    127,162               –         127,162
             – Financial products                                    –          –       7,285,032       7,285,032
             – Stocks                                        2,964,245          –               –       2,964,245
             – Other equity investment                               –          –       2,573,916       2,573,916
             – Others                                                –    536,481         838,137       1,374,618

          Total                                             19,308,419    663,643      10,697,085      30,669,147


          The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 31
          December 2024.


                                                              Level 1      Level 2        Level 3           Total
                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                              Note (a)    Note (b)        Note (c)

          Assets
          Financial assets at fair value through other
             comprehensive income and financial assets at
             fair value through profit or loss
             – Bond investments                             14,349,715          –               –      14,349,715
             – Fund investments                                 76,827    340,875               –         417,702
             – Financial products                                    –          –       9,136,811       9,136,811
             – Stocks                                        1,767,153          –               –       1,767,153
             – Other equity investment                               –          –       2,781,383       2,781,383
             – Others                                                –    525,977       1,506,479       2,032,456

          Total                                             16,193,695    866,852      13,424,673      30,485,220


                                                                                                                       91
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     9   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (Continued)
         9.1   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

               (a)   Financial instruments in level 1
                     The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market
                     prices at the balance sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily
                     and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service,
                     or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
                     transactions on arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for the financial assets
                     included in level 1 held by the Group is the current bid price.


                     There were no significant transfers of financial assets between level 1 and level 2 fair value
                     hierarchy classifications.


               (b)   Financial instruments in level 2
                     The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined
                     by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
                     market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates.
                     If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
                     included in level 2.


                     If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument
                     is included in level 3.


                     Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                     •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.


                     •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair
                           value for the remaining financial instruments.




92
                                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                            Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



9   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (Continued)
    9.1   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

          (c)   Financial instruments in level 3
                The following tables present the changes in level 3 instruments for the six months ended 30
                June 2025 and 2024.


                                                                     Other equity      Financial
                                                                      investment       products       Others          Total
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


                Opening balance as at 1 January 2025                    2,781,383     9,136,811      1,506,479    13,424,673
                Purchase                                                1,040,333     1,285,506      9,120,759    11,446,598
                (Loss)/gains for the period recognised in
                  profit or loss                                         (278,555)         9,360             –       (269,195)
                Disposal                                                 (969,245)    (3,146,645)   (9,789,101)   (13,904,991)


                Closing balance as at 30 June 2025                      2,573,916     7,285,032       838,137     10,697,085


                Opening balance as at 1 January 2024                    1,777,338     2,946,114      1,812,480     6,535,932
                Purchase                                                1,608,468     2,592,173      7,105,331    11,305,972
                (Loss)/gains for the period recognised in
                  profit or loss                                           (36,479)       6,136              –         (30,343)
                Disposal                                               (1,573,671)     (180,734)    (6,941,770)    (8,696,175)


                Closing balance as at 30 June 2024                      1,775,656     5,363,689      1,976,041     9,115,386


                Includes unrealised gains or losses recognised
                   in profit or loss attributable to balances held
                   at the end of the reporting period
                2025                                                     (278,555)        9,360              –       (269,195)

                2024                                                      (36,479)        6,136              –        (30,343)




                                                                                                                                  93
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     9   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (Continued)
         9.1   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

               (c)   Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)
                     Quantitative information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
                     (Level 3) is as follow:


                                                             Fair value at                                                               Range
                                                            30 June 2025     Valuation                                                (weighted
                                                                 RMB’000     technique (s)          Unobservable input                 average)


                     – Financial products                       6,708,216    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                    1.9%-3.3%
                                                                  576,816    Summation Method       Value of each asset/liability           N/A
                     – Other equity investment (Note (i))       2,573,916    Summation Method       Value of each asset/liability           N/A
                     – Unlisted notes receivable                  838,137    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                 1.14%-1.925%


                                                             Fair value at                                                                Range
                                                            30 June 2024                                                               (weighted
                                                                RMB’000      Valuation technique (s) Unobservable input                 average)


                     – Financial products                       5,006,951    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                   1.85%-3.30%
                                                                  356,738    Summation Method       Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                     – Other equity investment (Note (i))       1,775,656    Summation Method       Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                     – Unlisted notes receivable                1,976,041    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                    1.0%-1.65%


                     (i)      Other equity investments in Level 3 represent the Group’s investment in interests of non-listed company.




94
                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                               Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



10 INVENTORIES
                                              Unaudited              Audited
                                                30 June         31 December
                                                   2025                2024
                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


   Raw materials and consumables               3,920,124            3,569,966
   Work-in-progress                              504,240              461,931
   Finished goods and merchandise             14,019,263           12,284,747


                                              18,443,627           16,316,644


   Less: provision for impairment               (914,411)             (628,168)


                                              17,529,216           15,688,476




                                                                                     95
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     11 TRADE RECEIVABLES
        Sales of passenger vehicles were normally made with advances from customers. Sales of other products
        were made on credit terms ranging from 1 to 365 days.


        As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the ageing analysis of these trade receivables is presented
        on the basis of the date of the relevant invoices as follows:


                                                                             Unaudited            Audited
                                                                               30 June       31 December
                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


        Trade receivables


        Within 1 year                                                         3,015,659         3,165,129
        Between 1 and 2 years                                                   985,113           376,446
        Between 2 and 3 years                                                   451,346           592,550
        Between 3 and 4 years                                                   166,370            56,821
        Between 4 and 5 years                                                    71,801            31,066
        Over 5 years                                                            205,178           216,995


                                                                              4,895,467         4,439,007


        Less: Provision for impairment                                        (1,068,727)       (1,086,068)


        Trade receivables – net                                               3,826,740         3,352,939




96
                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12 SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                       Foreign shares listed
                                           RMB ordinary shares of     out of mainland China of
                                                RMB1 each                    RMB1 each                    Total

                                            Number of       Share      Number of        Share     Number of          Share
                                                shares     capital         shares      capital        shares        capital
                                           (thousands)   RMB’000      (thousands)    RMB’000     (thousands)      RMB’000


   As at 31 December 2024                   7,409,746    7,409,746     2,931,772    2,931,772    10,341,518    10,341,518


   Shares repurchased                               –            –      (118,404)    (118,404)            –       (118,404)
   Employee share-based awards scheme
     – Cancellation of restricted shares      (26,048)     (26,048)            –            –             –        (26,048)


   As at 30 June 2025                       7,383,698    7,383,698     2,813,368    2,813,368    10,341,518    10,197,066



   (a)    Equity-settled share-based payments – Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
          On 4 December 2020, according to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, total
          102,101,330 Restricted Shares (“RS”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors, senior
          management and selected key employees (the “RS Recipients”). The grant date is 4 December
          2020 (the “Grant Date III”).


          All restricted shares granted are subject to a lock-up period of 24 months commencing from the
          grant date, followed by an unlocking period of 1 to 3 years (three batches in proportion of 40%,
          30% and 30% for each 12 months). During the lock-up period, the RS Recipients shall not possess
          the right of disposal, such that the shares shall not be transferred, used as collateral or used for
          debt repayment. After the lock-up period, RS Recipients will be entitled to the related shares
          provided that all of the required performance conditions are met and the RS Recipients are still in
          employment with the Group.




                                                                                                                               97
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     12 SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
        (a)   Equity-settled share-based payments – Restricted Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)
              On 4 December 2020, the Company issued 102,101,330 restricted shares at a price of RMB4.99
              and recorded an amount of RMB509,486,000 received from participants, which was included in
              other payables as equity incentive repurchase obligation of the Company. The weighted average
              fair value of restricted shares, as estimated at the Grant Date III, was RMB8.30 per share.

              On 10 October 2024, 26,048,350 restricted shares (Batch III RS) were forfeited due to failure to
              meet the performance conditions. The Company repurchased these shares in December 2024 and
              cancelled these shares through the China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Limited on
              16 January 2025.


              As at 30 June 2025, the number of outstanding RS is nil.


        (b)   Equity-settled share-based payments – The Forth A Share Options Scheme
              On 20 January 2023, according to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, total
              233,896,200 A Share Options (“SO-IV”) were granted to 3,089 individuals, including directors, senior
              management and selected key employees (the “SO-IV Recipients”). The grant date is 20 January
              2023 (the “Grant Date IV”).


              Pursuant to a supplementary announcement issued on 8 March 2023, 440,800 units of 6 recipients
              were given up for personal reasons. After registration, total 233,455,400 units of SO-IV were granted
              to 3,083 recipients.


              Each share option represents the right granted to the SO-IV Recipients to acquire one share of the
              Company at pre-determined exercise price of RMB11.99 and conditions in the validity period as
              set out in the Forth A Share Options Scheme (“SO-IV Scheme”). The weighted average fair value
              of SO-IV, as estimated at the Grant Date IV, was RMB2.72 per share option. This was calculated
              using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model.


              20%, 40% and 40% of the SO-IV granted to the SO-IV Recipients will become exercisable once
              per year in three years starting two years from the Grant Date IV, respectively, subject to the Group
              achieving the performance conditions as set out in the SO-IV Scheme. The option has a contractual
              option term of 5 years starting from the grant date. The Company has no legal or constructive
              obligation to purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.




98
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12 SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
   (b)   Equity-settled share-based payments – The Forth A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
         On 10 October 2024, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 46,691,080
         units of Batch I SO-IV (“Batch I of SO-IV”) were forfeited due to failure to meet the performance
         conditions.


         As at 30 June 2025, there are total 186,764,320 units of outstanding options in SO-IV.

   (c)   No expenses were recognised in profit or loss for RS and SO-IV for the period of six months ended
         30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June 2024: Nil).



13 TRADE PAYABLES AND BILLS PAYABLES
   As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, ageing analysis of trade payables and bills payables is
   presented on the basis of the date of the relevant invoices as follows:


                                                                          Unaudited               Audited
                                                                            30 June          31 December
                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


   Trade payables and bills payables


   Within 1 year                                                          29,452,907            34,973,535
   Between 1 and 2 years                                                     572,478               358,409
   Between 2 and 3 years                                                      66,104                49,634
   Over 3 years                                                              111,991               114,196


                                                                          30,203,480            35,495,774




                                                                                                                  99
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



  14 LOANS AND BORROWINGS
                                                                                             Unaudited                Audited
                                                                                               30 June           31 December
                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


      Bank loans
      – secured (note (a))                                                                   12,407,357              4,875,355
      – unsecured (note (a))                                                                 12,128,273             28,236,018


                                                                                             24,535,630             33,111,373


      Securitization debts (note (a))                                                                  –             1,939,810
      Recourse financing (note (a))                                                                    –                38,108
      Borrowings related to lease-back (note (a))                                                    607                   741
      Corporate bonds – unsecured (note (b))                                                     502,399                     –
      Interest payables (note (a))                                                                10,594                20,390
      Entrusted loans – unsecured                                                                180,173               180,173


                                                                                             25,229,403             35,290,595


      Less: amount included under “current liabilities”                                     (17,387,726)           (23,321,740)


      Amount included under “non-current liabilities”                                         7,841,677             11,968,855


      (a)   Due to the disposal of GAC-SOFINCO Leasing the balance of loans and borrowings related to GAC-SOFINCO Leasing was
            nil as at 30 June 2025.

      (b)   In March 2025, GAC Capital Co., Ltd. issued three-year period corporate bonds with par value of RMB5,000,000,000 at
            the fixed interest rate of 2.2% per annum. The related interest is payable on an annual basis. These corporate bonds are
            unsecured or otherwise enhanced in credit.




100
                                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



15 OPERATING LOSS
   The following items have been charged to the operating loss during the period:


                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2025           2024
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


   Depreciation and amortisation                                                            3,234,169              4,359,232
   Impairment charges of inventories                                                          526,397                 28,709
   Net impairment (gains)/losses on financial assets                                           (3,811)               210,013
   Staff costs                                                                              6,665,794              6,391,349
   Gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
     intangible assets                                                                        (10,122)                (50,225)
   Government grants                                                                         (210,393)            (1,051,657)
   Donation                                                                                       959                     313
   Warranty expenses*                                                                         370,242                351,170


   *     For the period ended 30 June 2025, warranty expenses were included in cost of sales in profit or loss. Comparative figure
         that was previously recorded as selling and distribution costs for period ended 30 June 2024 has also been adjusted to
         conform to current period’s presentation.




16 FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2025           2024
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


   Interest expense                                                                           316,484                 306,424
   Others                                                                                      23,743                  17,382


                                                                                              340,227                 323,806




                                                                                                                                    101
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



  17 INCOME TAX CREDIT
      Hong Kong profits tax and China enterprise income tax have been provided at the rate of taxation prevailing
      in the regions in which the Group operates respectively.


      The amount of taxation credited to the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income:


                                                                                      Unaudited
                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2025           2024
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


      Current income tax                                                           (60,078)            384,231
      Deferred income tax                                                         (384,941)           (429,668)


                                                                                  (445,019)            (45,437)


      (i)   Income tax expense is recognised based on management’s best estimate of the weighted average
            annual income tax rate expected for the full financial year.


            The tax rates applicable to the Company and its major subsidiaries for the six months ended 30
            June 2025 are 15% or 25%. (2024: 15% or 25%).




102
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



18 (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE
   (a)   Basic
         The calculation of basic (loss)/earnings per share is based on the (loss)/profit attributable to ordinary
         equity shareholders of the Company and the weighted average of shares in issue less restricted
         shares during the period, calculated as follows:


                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


         (Loss)/profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders              (2,538,251)            1,516,347
         Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
           less restricted shares (thousands)                                    10,292,478            10,460,339


         Basic (loss)/earnings per share (RMB per share)                                (0.25)                 0.14



   (b)   Diluted
         The calculation of diluted (loss)/earnings per share is based on the (loss)/profit attributable to ordinary
         equity shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
         less restricted shares, calculated as follows:


                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


         (Loss)/profit attributable to ordinary equity
           shareholders(diluted)                                                 (2,538,251)            1,516,347
         Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
           less restricted shares (thousands)                                    10,292,478            10,460,339


         Diluted (loss)/earnings per share (RMB per share)                              (0.25)                 0.14


         The amount of diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share as the effect of share
         options is anti-dilutive for the six months ended 30 June 2025.
                                                                                                        103
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



  19 DIVIDEND
                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


      Interim dividend declared: nil per ordinary share
        (2024: RMB0.03 per ordinary share)                                             –       311,467


      Dividend paid in six months ended 30 June 2025 was approximately RMB203,645,000 (six months ended
      30 June 2024: RMB1,048,690,000).



  20 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      Capital commitments at the balance sheet date but not yet incurred are as follows:


                                                                             Unaudited          Audited
                                                                               30 June     31 December
                                                                                  2025            2024
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


      Contracted for:
      – acquisition of property, plant and equipment                          2,636,149      3,495,525
      – acquisition of intangible assets                                         74,629        101,308
      – outbound investment                                                           –          3,600


      Authorised but not contracted for:
      – acquisition of property, plant and equipment                          1,149,667        539,621
      – acquisition of Intangible assets                                      2,292,801      2,050,963


                                                                              6,153,246      6,191,017




104
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant
   influence in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
   subject to common control. The Group is subject to the control of the PRC Government.


   In accordance with HKAS 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, other state-owned enterprises and their
   subsidiaries, directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC Government (“State-owned Enterprises”) are
   regarded as related parties of the Group.


   In addition to the related party information shown elsewhere in the interim condensed consolidated financial
   statements, the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary
   and usual course of business and balances between the Group and its related parties, during the period.


   These transactions were conducted in the ordinary and usual course of business in accordance with
   terms agreed between the Group and its related parties.


   (a)   Significant related party transactions
                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


         Sales of goods

         Sales of automotive parts and steels
         – Joint ventures                                                         551,071              392,462
         – Associates                                                             247,667               27,140
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                                     6,952                6,635


                                                                                  805,690              426,237


         Sales of passenger vehicles
         – Joint ventures                                                          22,658               42,951
         – Associates                                                              40,951              492,198


                                                                                   63,609              535,149


                                                                                  869,299              961,386

                                                                                                                  105
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



  21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2025           2024
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000


            Rendering of labour and insurance services
            – Joint ventures                                         743,924        878,348
            – Associates                                             103,163        171,601
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                     2,984          2,471


                                                                     850,071      1,052,420


            Purchases of goods


            Purchases of automotive parts and materials
            – Joint ventures                                         949,087        596,949
            – Associates                                           2,129,125      1,043,531


                                                                   3,078,212      1,640,480


            Purchases of passenger vehicles
            – Joint ventures                                       4,129,840      2,263,950
            – Associates                                              10,152        215,070


                                                                   4,139,992      2,479,020


                                                                   7,218,204      4,119,500




106
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                      Unaudited
                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2025           2024
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


         Purchases of labour services and settlement of
           insurance claims
         – Joint ventures                                           35,747                26,070
         – Associates                                               10,540                16,908
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                     39,239                18,195


                                                                    85,526                61,173


         Rental from related parties
         – Joint ventures                                           22,179                28,101
         – Associates                                                9,208                 6,437
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                      5,938                 6,432


                                                                    37,325                40,970


         Interest charges for lease liabilities to related
           parties
         – Joint ventures                                              642                 2,055
         – Associates                                                   73                     –
         – GAIG                                                        130                   429
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                        807                    11


                                                                     1,652                 2,495


         Provision of entrusted loans to related parties
         – Joint ventures                                                 –             280,000




                                                                                                   107
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



  21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2025           2024
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000


            Borrowings from a related party
            – A joint venture                                        346,662        809,099


            Repayment of borrowings to a related party
            – A joint venture                                        599,232      1,124,619


            Loans to related parties
            – Joint ventures                                       1,764,967      1,097,472
            – Associates                                             104,590        177,321


                                                                   1,869,557      1,274,793


            Repayment of loans from related parties
            – Joint ventures                                       1,971,328      1,344,215
            – Associates                                             107,518        277,832


                                                                   2,078,846      1,622,047



      (b)   Key management compensation

                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2025           2024
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000


            Salaries and other short-term employee benefits            8,139          8,911




108
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (c)   Transactions with other state-owned enterprises in the PRC
         The Group operates in an economic environment predominated by state-owned enterprises. During
         the period, the Group had transactions with state-owned enterprises including, but not limited to,
         sales of automobiles and other automotive parts and purchases of raw materials and automotive
         parts.

         For the purpose of related party transactions disclosure, the Group has in place procedures to
         assist the identification of the immediate ownership structure of its customers and suppliers as to
         whether they are state-owned enterprises. However, many state-owned enterprises have multi-
         layered corporate structure and the ownership structures change over time as a result of transfers
         and privatisation programs. Nevertheless, the Directors consider that transactions with other state-
         owned enterprises are activities in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, and that the dealings
         of the Group have not been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that the Group and other
         state-owned enterprises are ultimately controlled or owned by the PRC Government.

         The Group has also established pricing policies for products and services, and such pricing policies
         do not depend on whether or not the customers are state-owned enterprises. Having due regard to
         the substance of the relationships, the Directors are of the opinion that none of these transactions
         are material related party transactions that require separate disclosure except for the transactions
         with state-owned financial institutions as disclosed below.


         (i)    Balances with state-owned financial institutions
                As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, majority part of the Group’s bank balances
                and borrowings were deposited in or financed from various state-owned financial institutions.
                The Directors are of opinion that such transactions were conducted in the ordinary course
                of business and in accordance with normal commercial terms.


         (ii)   Guarantees given by state-owned enterprises and GAIG
                As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, no guarantee was given by state-owned
                enterprises and GAIG.


   (d)   Guarantees to associates
         As at 30 June 2025, there is no financial guarantees provided by the Group (2024:
         Nil) to an associate.

         It is expected that the financial guarantees provided by the Group will not lead to any significant
         liabilities.

                                                                                                                 109
       DEFINITIONS
      In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms used shall have the following
      meanings set out below:


      “associate(s)”,                    all entities over which the Company has significant influence but not
         “associated company(ies)”       control, generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and
         or “associated enterprise(s)”   50% of the voting rights of such entities


      “A Share(s)”                       domestic listed shares with par value of RMB1.00 each in the ordinary
                                         share capital of the Company which are listed on the Shanghai Stock
                                         Exchange (Stock Code: 601238)


      “Board”                            the board of directors of the Company


      “CATL GAC”                         CATL GAC Energy Battery System Co., Ltd. (時代廣汽動力電池有限公司), an
                                         associated company jointly funded and established by the Company,
                                         GAC AION and Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Ltd. in
                                         December 2018 under PRC law, in which the Company and GAC AION
                                         hold 49% equity interest in total


      “China Lounge Investments”         China Lounge Investments Limited (中隆投資有限公司), a wholly-owned
                                         subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Hong Kong


      “Company” or “GAC”                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司)


      “CSRC”                             China Securities Regulatory Commission


      “GAC AION”                         GAC AION New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣汽埃安新能源汽車股份有限公司)
                                         (formerly known as Guangzhou Automobile New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                         (廣汽新能源汽車有限公司)), a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in July
                                         2017 under PRC law


      “GAC Business”                     GAC Business Co., Ltd. (廣汽商貿有限公司) (formerly known as Guangzhou
                                         Automobile Group Business Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團商貿有限公司)), a wholly-
                                         owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in March 2000 under
                                         PRC law


      “GAC Capital”                      GAC Capital Co., Ltd. (廣汽資本有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                         Company established in April 2013 under PRC law


      “GAC Commercial Vehicle”           GAC New Energy Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd. (廣汽領程新能源商用車有限
                                         公司) (formerly known as GAC Hino Motors Co., Ltd. (廣汽日野汽車有限公司)),
                                         a subsidiary in which the Company holds 89.72% equity interest

110
                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    Interim Report 2025




                                                                           DEFINITIONS



“GAC Component”         GAC Component Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 零 部 件 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Component Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團零部件有
                        限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in August 2000 under
                        PRC law by the Company and its subsidiaries


“GAC Energy”            GAC Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 能 源 科 技 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary
                        established in July 2022 under PRC law by the Company, in which UPOWER
                        Energy and GAC AION hold 55% and 45% equity interest respectively


“GAC Finance Company”   Guangzhou Automobile Group Finance Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團財務有限公司),
                        a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in January 2017 under PRC law
                        by the Company


“GAC Honda”             GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田汽車有限公司) (formerly known
                        as Guangzhou Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣 州 本 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司)), a
                        jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 1998 under PRC law by the
                        Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China) Investment
                        Co., Ltd.


“GAC International”     GAC International Automobile Sales & Service Co., Ltd. (廣汽國際汽車銷
                        售服務有限公司), a subsidiary established in May 2022 by the Company
                        under PRC law, in which the Company, GAC Trumpchi and GAC AION
                        hold 40%, 30% and 30% equity interest respectively


“GAC-SOFINCO”           GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd. (廣汽匯理汽車金融有限公司), a
                        jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 2010 under PRC law by the
                        Company and Crédit Agricole Personal Finance & Mobility


“GAC-SOFINCO Leasing”   GAC-SOFINCO Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽匯理融資租賃有限公司)
                        (formerly known as Guangzhou GAC Leasing Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽融資租賃有
                        限公司)), a limited liability company incorporated in February 2004 under
                        PRC law, being a jointly controlled entity of the Company and Crédit
                        Agricole Personal Finance & Mobility


“GAEI”                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Automotive Engineering
                        Institute (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司汽車工程研究院), a branch company of
                        the Company established in June 2006 for the purpose of conducting
                        research and development of the products and technology in which the
                        Company has proprietary rights




                                                                                                          111
      DEFINITIONS



      “GAC Toyota”             GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 豐 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司) (formerly known
                               as Guangzhou Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣 州 豐 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司)), a jointly
                               controlled entity incorporated in September 2004 under PRC law by the
                               Company, Toyota Motor Company and Toyota Motor (China) Investment
                               Co., Ltd.


      “GAC Toyota Engine”      GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 豐 田 發 動 機 有 限 公 司), an associated
                               company incorporated in February 2004 under PRC law by the
                               Company and Toyota Motor Company, in which the Company holds 30%
                               equity interest


      “GAC Trumpchi”           GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽傳祺汽車有限公司) (formerly known as GAC Motor
                               Co., Ltd. (廣汽乘用車有限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
                               incorporated in July 2008 under PRC law


      “GAIG”                   Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車工業集團有限公
                               司), a state-owned enterprise incorporated under the laws of the PRC in
                               October 2000 and the controlling shareholder of the Company


      “GAMC”                   GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽乘用車有限公司), predecessor of GAC Motor Co.,
                               Ltd. (廣汽傳祺汽車有限公司)


      “Group” or “GAC Group”   the Company and its subsidiaries


      “HEV”                    hybrid electric vehicles


      “H Share(s)”             overseas listed foreign shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each in
                               the ordinary share capital of the Company which are listed on the Stock
                               Exchange (Stock Code: 2238)


      “Huawang Automobile”     Huawang Automobile Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (華 望 汽 車 技 術
                               （廣州）有限公司), a company incorporated in March 2025 under PRC law,
                               in which the Company and GAC AION directly hold 71.43% and 28.57%
                               equity interest respectively


      “IMPOW Battery”          IMPOW Battery Technology Co., Ltd. (因湃電池科技有限公司), a subsidiary of the
                               Company established in October 2022 under PRC law, in which UPOWER
                               Energy and GAC AION hold 49% and 51% equity interest respectively




112
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Interim Report 2025




                                                                            DEFINITIONS



“joint venture(s)” or   joint venture companies under direct or indirect joint control, and no
  “jointly controlled   participating party has unilateral control power over the economic
  entity(ies)”          activities of such jointly controlled entity as a result of such direct or
                        indirect joint control


“Lisheng Technology”    Lisheng Automotive Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (立昇汽車科技(廣
                        州)有限公司), established in June 2023 under PRC law by the Company,
                        GAC Component and Luxshare Precision Industry Company Limited (立
                        訊精密工業股份有限公司), and in which the Company and GAC Component
                        collectively hold 45% equity interest


“Listing Rules”         the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange as
                        amended from time to time


“MPV”                   multi-purpose passenger vehicle


“ON TIME”               a mobile mobility platform established in April 2019 and launched
                        by the Company through Chenqi Technology Limited (including its
                        subsidiaries) established by China Lounge Investments and Tencent,
                        and its controlling company, the shares of which are listed on the Stock
                        Exchange (Stock Code: 9680), and in which the Group indirectly holds
                        12.84% equity interest


“PHEV”                  plug-in hybrid electric vehicles


“PRC” or “China”        the People’s Republic of China


“REEV”                  extended-range electric vehicles


“Reporting Period”      six months ended 30 June 2025


“RMB”                   Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“Ruipai Power”          Ruipai Power Technology Co., Ltd. (銳 湃 動 力 科 技 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary
                        established in October 2022 under PRC law, in which GAC Trumpchi, GAC
                        Group and GAC AION hold 26%, 23% and 51% equity interest respectively


“SFO”                   the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                        Hong Kong)




                                                                                                           113
      DEFINITIONS



      “Shanghai Stock Exchange”   The Shanghai Stock Exchange
        or "SSE"


      “Share(s)”                  A Share(s) or H Share(s)


      “Shareholder(s)”            holder(s) of the Company’s share(s)


      “Stock Exchange”            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


      “subsidiary(ies)”           has the meaning ascribed to “subsidiary” under the Listing Rules


      “SUV”                       sports utility vehicle


      “UPOWER Energy”             UPOWER Energy Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (優湃能源科技(廣州)有限公司)
                                  (formerly known as Guangzhou GAC Business Renewable Resources Co., Ltd.
                                  (廣州廣汽商貿再生資源有限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
                                  established in September 2010 under PRC law


      “Urtrust Insurance”         Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd. (眾 誠 汽 車 保 險 股 份 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary
                                  incorporated in June 2011 under PRC law by the Company, in which the
                                  Company directly and indirectly holds a total of 53.55% equity interest


      “Wuyang Honda”              Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (五羊－本田摩托(廣州)有限公司),
                                  a jointly controlled entity incorporated in July 1992 under PRC law by the
                                  Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China) Investment
                                  Co., Ltd.




114
