H股股票代碼：2238                                          H Share Stock Code: 2238
A股股票代碼：601238                                        A Share Stock Code: 601238




                       廣州汽車集團股份有限公司




                         中期報 告 2024 Interim Report
                中期報告                                                              INTERIM REPORT
Contents
3     Chapter 1   Chairman’s Statement

8     Chapter 2   Corporate Profile and Summary of Business

16    Chapter 3   Discussion and Analysis on Operation

35    Chapter 4   Significant Events

60    Chapter 5   Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

63    Chapter 6   Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior
                  Management

66    Chapter 7   Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial
                  Information

113   Chapter 8   Definitions
    IMPORTANT NOTICE
    (I) The Board, the supervisory committee and the directors,
        supervisors and senior management of the Company
        warrant that the contents contained herein are true,
        accurate and complete. There are no false representations
        or misleading statements contained in or material omissions
        from this report, and they will jointly and severally accept
        responsibility.

    (II) All directors of the Company have attended the meeting of
         the Board.

    (III) The condensed consolidated interim financial information
          of the Company is unaudited. The Audit Committee of the
          Company has reviewed the unaudited interim results of the
          Company for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and agreed
          to submit it to the Board for approval.

    (IV) Zeng Qinghong, the person in charge of the Company and
         Feng Xingya, the General Manager of the Company, Wang
         Dan, the person in charge of accounting function and
         Zheng Chao, the manager of the accounting department
         (Chief Accountant), warrant the truthfulness, accuracy
         and completeness of the condensed consolidated interim
         financial statements contained in this report.

    (V) The Board proposed payment of interim dividend of RMB0.3
        (tax inclusive) in cash for every 10 shares to all shareholders.

    (VI) The forward-looking statements contained in this report
         regarding the Company’s future plans and development
         strategies do not constitute any substantive commitment to
         investors and investors are reminded of investment risks.

    (VII) There is no non-operational appropriation of the Company’s
          funds by its controlling shareholder and its related parties.

    (VIII) The Company has not provided any third-party guarantees
           in violation of stipulated decision- making procedures.




2
                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                   Interim Report 2024



Chapter 1

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




            CHAIRMAN’S
             STATEMENT




                                                         3
     Chapter 1

     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                                                             During the first half of 2024, in the face of
                                                             unprecedented and severe challenges, the
                                                             Group exerted exhaustive efforts to enhance
                                                             it s market competitiveness , achieving
                                                             positive progress in technological innovation,
                                                             trans formative upgrading, international
                                                             market penetration, as well as institutional and
                                                             mechanism reform. On behalf of the Board, I
                                                             would like to express my heartfelt gratitude
                                                             to our shareholders, customers, employees,
                                                             partners, and all those who are concerned with
                                                             the development of the Group.




    ZENG Qinghong Chairman




    Tackled formidable difficulties and obstacles in both production and operation. In response to the
    intricate and severe domestic and international environment, the Group initiated the strategy of “in-depth
    reform, strengthened management and facilitated development, aiming for improvement of quality and
    efficiency” to exhaust all efforts to promote its end-consumer sales at the beginning of this year. In the
    first half of the year, the Group achieved a sales volume of over 860,000 vehicles, of which the proportion
    of sales volume of vehicles under our self-developed brands increased to approximately 36.5%. In the first
    half of 2024, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately RMB181.142 billion on an aggregated basis,
    ranking 181st on the Fortune Global 500 List for the 12th consecutive year.




4
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2024




                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Expedited the penetration into international markets. The Group’s overseas operations have covered
68 countries and regions encompassing the Middle East, Southeast Asia, Africa and the Americas,
whereby the establishment of a global system of research and development (R&D), production, sales,
and services has been initially accomplished. In the first half of the year, the Group achieved overseas
sales volume of approximately 68,000 vehicles, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately
190%, of which approximately 54,000 vehicles of self-developed brands were sold overseas, representing
a year-on-year increase of approximately 144%. The Group vigorously propelled localised production and
operations, which was evidenced by the completion and commission of CKD plant in Malaysia and GAC
AION’s Thailand factory. In order to strengthen the collaborative mechanism for global expansion, GAC
Business established logistics subsidiaries in Thailand and Mexico, and GAC Component invested in the
establishment of the seat manufacturing project in Thailand to further consummate our international
logistics and parts support system.


Gave full play to independent innovation through accumulated resources. The Group persistently
pursued breakthroughs in the R&D of pivotal core technologies, intensified the innovation for forward-
looking technologies, and accelerated the development of new quality productive forces. During the
first half of this year, approximately RMB3.251 billion was invested in the Group’s R&D, with the Group
recording 1,656 new patent applications including 847 invention patents. As of the end of June 2024,
the total number of patent applications had exceeded 19,000, including over 8,000 invention patents.
In the fields of new energy, the Group have achieved significant progress in the R&D of all-solid-state
power batteries, which are anticipated to be installed on Hyper models by 2026. In the field of Intelligent
Connectivity (ICV), the urban NDA function with L2++ smart driving has been installed on Hyper models.
The Group has also become one of the first automobile enterprises across the country to carry out
pilot programs for L3 autonomous driving on the road, and is accelerating the commercialisation of
autonomous driving.


Exerted continuous efforts to deepen the reforms of state-owned enterprises. Through the
thorough implementation of specialised reform works such as the new round of in-depth upgrading
actions for state-owned enterprise reform, the campaign to benchmark against world-class value
creation, and the “Double-Hundred Action” for state-owned enterprise reform, the Group has accelerated
the promotion of institutional and mechanism innovation. The Group was rated as an outstanding local
enterprise in the “Double-Hundred Enterprises” for 2023 by the State-owned Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission of the State Council, while GAC AION was rated as a local benchmarking
enterprise among the “Model Enterprises of Scientific and Technological Reform” for 2023 by the
State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council. In order to
further promote the mixed ownership reform of investment enterprises, GAC Hino has facilitated
the implementation of equity restructuring and its employee share incentive scheme. ON TIME has
successfully been listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange, injecting new momentum into the
corporate transformation and development.




                                                                                                                    5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    The current era witnesses the flourishing of a new wave of technological revolution represented by
    artificial intelligence, while the automobile industry is also in a critical juncture of transition to intelligent
    new energy vehicles, which is characterised by accelerating structural differentiation within the industry
    alongside an increasingly fierce market competition. The Group is also in a period of adjustment and
    restructuring in the transformation from old to new energies. It confronts a multitude of pressures
    encompassing growth stabilisation and structural adjustments, where opportunities intertwine with
    challenges. In the latter half of the year, we will proactively identify and respond to transformations, seize
    opportunities amidst changes, and make strides in the face of challenges. We will exert every effort to
    revitalize our operating situation and unwaveringly pursue the path of high-quality development.


    To strengthen the “six strengths” to enhance operating effectiveness. The Group will prioritise
    enhancing its “product strength, brand strength, marketing strength, sales strength, service strength,
    and execution strength” to elevate its sales capabilities and boost the sales volume generated from end
    consumers. Innovative marketing philosophy, spearheaded by the establishment and refinement of
    new media matrix and a linkage mechanism for higher traffic, will facilitate the conversion of increased
    traffic into orders. The Group will comprehensively implement measures to reduce costs, improve
    quality and increase efficiency, restructure the supply system, ameliorate outsourcing costs, promote
    platform-based cost reduction, maximise cost reduction potential and elevate cost competitiveness. GAC
    Trumpchi will actively collaborate with external resources such as Huawei to expedite the creation of star
    products characterised by cutting-edge intelligent experience, thus enriching the brand connotation of
    electrification and intellectualisation. GAC AION will accelerate the consummation of its layout of product
    lines to further deepen the product strategy of “long endurance, high intelligence, and quick charging”
    and will propel the projects of a number of new models. The Group will continue to promote dual-brand
    operations, in which AION brand strengthens consumer-end image and Hyper brand deepens high-end
    brand strategy. The joint venture brands will make full use of the bilateral resources of shareholders to
    deepen cooperation in product development, supply chain, sales channels, etc., while accelerating the
    transformation to electrification and intellectualisation to promote independent amelioration and smart
    upgrade of existing models, so as to forge even more competitive products that better cater to the
    demands of domestic customers. In terms of international business, the Group will vigorously promote
    localised production, persistently improve the network of logistics and ancillary parts, accelerate the
    overseas penetration of various product lines encompassing fuel vehicles and NEVs, aggressively expand
    international dealership resources, and strive to set up more than 100 new overseas outlets in the second
    half of the year.




6
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024




                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Driven by innovation, to develop new quality productive forces. By focusing on strategically
emerging industries and future-oriented industries such as low carbon, new energy, ICV, low-altitude
economy, and three-dimensional travel, while aiming at achieving breakthroughs in the R&D of pivotal
core technologies and fostering forward-looking technological innovation, the Group will strive to be
a trailblazer in innovation-driven development. In the field of new energy, the Group will persist in
propelling the industrialisation of self-developed batteries, consolidate its leadership in self-developed
battery technology, and concentrate on the R&D of solid-state batteries. In the field of intellectualisation,
the Group will promote the execution of the “Intelligent Mobility 2027” action plan, and elevate the
development of intelligence grounded on GAC’s three core technologies, namely “AI Large Model
Platform”, “X-soul Electrical Architecture” and “Big Data Platform for ICV”, with a view to achieving two
pioneering advantages in product experience and travel scenarios; take the opportunity of entering
the first batch of pilot programs for autonomous driving on the road across the country, to accelerate
the technological iteration of self-developed products equipped with intelligent driving, planning to
realise the nationwide introduction of urban NDA function within this year; strengthen cooperation with
outstanding companies of intelligent driving to quickly improve our level of intelligent driving and brand
perception. The Group will also strengthen the research on forward-looking technologies and accelerate
the manned flight testing and industrialisation of GOVE multi-rotor aerocar.


By virtue of profound reforms, to activate endogenous driving forces. The Group will thoroughly
implement overall and in-depth reforms over its management system and mechanism, further improve
the efficiency and effectiveness of the organizational system and governance system of the Company,
reinforce the integrated operation of research, production and sales, and establish a more streamlined,
efficient and flexible market-oriented mechanism. The Group will improve its level of market-oriented
and modern operations, by further improving the management system of “flexible rank adjustments of
officials, flexible allocation of workforce and adjustable rewards”, strictly implementing the contractual
management of the tenure system, adhering to the solid assessment of business objectives, and
strengthening the linkage between remuneration and performance. The Group will also promote the
mixed-ownership reform of investment enterprises, progressively form a diversified equity structure,
established a stereoscopic multi-dimensional medium- and long-term incentive system, and consolidate
the long-term resonance between employees and corporate interests, thereby realising shared benefit
and risks and optimising its corporate governance structure.


A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor. In the face of the profound transformations in the
automotive industry landscape, we shall steadfastly rally for “long-termism”, unwaveringly adhere to the
concept of customer centricity, while maintaining strategic composure and shouldering foreseeable
weighty burdens to forge ahead resolutely. By accelerating the development of new quality productive
forces and revolving around promoting high-quality development, the Group will exert utmost efforts to
construct the magnificent blueprint of “Trillion GAC”, earnestly strive to create value for shareholders, and
become a public company featuring customer confidence, employee well-being and social expectation.




                                                                                                                      7
    Chapter 2

    CORPORATE PROFILE AND
    SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
                 CORPORATE
                PROFILE AND
                SUMMARY OF
                   BUSINESS




8
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



 Chapter 2

 CORPORATE PROFILE AND
 SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
I.    CORPORATE INFORMATION
      Chinese name of the Company                   廣州汽車集團股份有限公司
      Chinese abbreviation                          廣汽集團
      English name of the Company                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
      English abbreviation                          GAC Group
      Legal representative                          Zeng Qinghong



II.   CONTACT PERSON AND CONTACT METHOD
                                                    Secretary to the Board
      Name                                          Liu Xiangneng
      Address                                       GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New
                                                     Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
      Telephone                                     020-83151139
      Facsimile                                     020-83150319
      E-mail                                        ir@gac.com.cn



III. BASIC INFORMATION
      Registered address of the Company             23/F, Chengyue Building, 448-458 Dong Feng
                                                     Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
      Postal code of the Company’s registered       510030
       office address
      Office address of the Company                 GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New
                                                     Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
      Postal code of the Company’s office address   510623
      Head office and principal place of business   Room 808, Citicorp Centre, 18 Whitfield Road,
       in Hong Kong                                  Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
      Company’s website                             www.gac.com.cn
      E-mail                                        ir@gac.com.cn
      Investor hotline                              020-83151139 Ext.3



IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND PLACE OF INSPECTION
      Newspapers selected by the Company for        China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
       information disclosure                        Securities Times and Securities Daily
      Website designated by the CSRC for            www.sse.com.cn
       publishing the interim report
      Website designated by the Stock Exchange      www.hkexnews.hk
       for publishing the interim report
      Place of inspection of the interim report     22/F, GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang
       of the Company                                New Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
                                                                                                                9
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



     V. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY’S SHARES
                               Stock exchange of                Stock
        Class of shares        listing shares                   abbreviation       Stock code


        A shares               SSE                              GAC GROUP          601238
        H shares               Stock Exchange                   GAC GROUP          02238


     VI. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
        The existing principal businesses of the Group consist of R&D, manufacture of vehicles (vehicles
        and motorcycles), parts and components, commercial and mobility transportation services, energy
        and ecosystem, internationalisation as well as investment and finance, which form a complete
        closed-loop industry chain.



        1.   Research and development
             The Group’s R&D is based on GAEI, a directly funded and
             managed body of the Company, and also a subsidiary of
             the Company and a strategic business division operating
             relatively independently within the authorised scope. It is
             mainly responsible for the Group’s general development
             plan of new products and new technologies, as well as
             implementation of material R&D projects.



        2.   Manufacture of vehicles
             (1)   The manufacture of passenger
                   vehicles is mainly conducted
                   through subsidiaries, including
                   GAC Trumpchi, GAC AION and
                   joint ventures, including GAC
                   Honda and GAC Toyota.

                   ➢      Products: The Group’s
                          passenger vehicles include
                          18 series of sedans, 26 series
                          of SUV and 6 series of MPV.
                          During the reporting period,
                          the Group launched new,
                          upgraded or facelifted models
                          such as GAC Trumpchi GS4
                          MAX and M6 MAX, GAC AION
                          second-generation AION V,
                          GAC Toyota ninth-generation
                          Camry, GAC Honda e:NP2, etc.
10
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Interim Report 2024




CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



 Fuel-engined vehicle products of the Group mainly include:


 •    GAC Trumpchi Empow, GS4, GS8, M8, M6, etc.;


 •    GAC Honda Accord, Integra, Vezel, Fit, Breeze, etc.; and


 •    GAC Toyota Camry, Levin, Wildlander, Frontlander, Venza, etc.


 Energy conservation and new energy products of the Group mainly include:


 •    GAC Trumpchi GS8 Hybrid, E9, Empow Hybrid, Emkoo Hybrid, etc.;


 •    GAC AION AION S, AION Y, AION V, AION LX, Hyper GT, Hyper HT, etc.;


 •    GAC Honda Accord e:PHEV, Breeze e:HEV/e:PHEV, Odyssey e:HEV, ZR-V e:HEV,
      e:NP1, e:NP2, etc.;


 •    GAC Toyota Camry HEV, Highlander HEV, Levin HEV, Sienna, bZ4X, etc.


 ➢    Production capacity: As at the end of the reporting period, the total vehicle
      production capacity amounted to 3,065,000 units/year.


 ➢    Sales channel: Centering around the consumer demand for online
      consumption, the Group focused on the operational management of new media
      and construction on digitalisation, constantly launched and optimised its order
      tools for online direct sales, dedicated to improve the operational efficiency of
      APPs deployed in various original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to provide
      superior purchasing experience for customers. The Group conducts automobile
      sales through sales outlets and online channels. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the Company, together with its joint ventures and associated enterprises,
      had 2,666 passenger vehicle 4S sales outlets covering 31 provinces, counties,
      autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC. Overseas sales outlets
      amount to 323, with its sales and service business covering 68 countries and
      regions.




                                                                                                  11
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



            (2)   Motorcycles
                  The Group manufactures motorcycles through its joint venture Wuyang Honda. Main
                  products include standard motorcycles, sport bikes, scooters, etc. As at the end of the
                  reporting period, the total production capacity of motorcycles of the Group was 1.25
                  million units/year.



       3.   Parts and components
            The Group’s production of parts and
            components of vehicles was mainly
            carried out through the controlling,
            jointly controlled, investee companies
            of GAC Component, a subsidiary of the
            Company, and Ruipai Power, a holding
            subsidiary under the Group, and GAC
            Toyota Engine and CATL GAC etc., the
            Group’s associated companies. The parts
            and components of vehicles include
            engines, gearboxes, car seats, micro
            motors, shifter, power battery, electric
            drive, electric controller, interior and
            exterior decorations, etc. The products
            were mainly accessories for manufacture
            of vehicles of the Group.



       4.   Commercial and mobility
            transportation services
            The Group carried on businesses in vehicle
            sales, logistics, international trading, second-
            hand vehicles, supporting services, mobility
            transportation, etc., mainly through its
            subsidiary, namely GAC Business (as well as
            its controlling and investee companies) and
            ON TIME (as an investee company) etc. in the
            upstream and downstream automobile industry
            chains.




12
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Interim Report 2024




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



5.   Energy and ecosystem
     The Group constructed a vertically
     int e g r a t e d n e w e n e rg y i n dustr y chai n
     of “lithium mine + production of basic
     lithium battery raw material + battery
     production + energy storage and battery
     charging and swap service + battery
     leasing + battery recycling and gradient
     utilisation” through establishing UPOWER
     Energy and its subordinate companies
     such as GAC Energy and IMPOW Battery.
     In response to the trend of new energy
     development, the Group actively expands
     energy and ecological businesses to build
     an integrated energy ecosystem, achieving
     leapfrog development in energy ecology,
     and innovating breakthroughs in software
     services (OTA + software value-added
     services).



6.   Internationalisation
     The Group established GAC International to be responsible for
     the overseas market operation and sales services of its self-
     developed brands, and promoting the implementation of
     various internationalisation measures such as medium and long-
     term overseas product planning, overseas factory construction
     planning and overseas channel operation planning.



7.   Investment and finance
     The Group carried on
     financial investment,
     insurance, insurance
     brokerage, finance lease,
     automobile credit, and
     other related businesses
     mainly through its
     subsidiaries, namely GAC
     Finance Company, China
     Lounge Investments, GAC
     Capital, Urtrust Insurance,
     GAC Leasing, and joint
     venture, GAC-SOFINCO,
     etc.
                                                                                                        13
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



     VII. A N A L Y S I S O N C O R E C O M P E T I T I V E N E S S D U R I N G T H E
          REPORTING PERIOD

         1.   Industry layouts with complete industry chain and optimised
              structure
              The Group has formed an industrial strategic layout based in South China and radiating
              to Central China, East China and Northwest China and a complete closed-loop industry
              chain centering upon manufacture of vehicles, and its business covers seven segments
              including R&D, manufacture of vehicles, parts and components, commercial and mobility
              transportation services, energy and ecosystem, internationalisation, and investment and
              finance. The Group is one of the automobile groups in the PRC with the most integrated
              industry chain and the most optimised industry layout. The synergy in the upstream and
              downstream of the industry chain progressed gradually, new profit growth points have
              been emerging and the comprehensive competitiveness of the Group has been constantly
              enhanced.



         2.   Advanced manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality and procedural
              management
              The Group has comprehensive advantages in terms of manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality
              and procedural management which mainly include: (1) the world’s leading quality advantage;
              (2) innovative advantage brought by “continuous improvement”; and (3) cost advantage
              originating from persistent refinement.



         3.   Continued to enrich product line and optimise product structure
              The Group has a full range of products including sedans, SUVs and MPVs, and in order to
              adapt to changes in consumer demand, the Group maintained its market competitiveness
              of its products through continued R&D, introduction of new models and product iterations,
              so as to maintain customer loyalty and a widely recognised brand reputation. During the
              reporting period, the Group launched new, upgraded or facelifted models such as GAC
              Trumpchi GS4 MAX and M6 MAX, GAC AION second-generation AION V, GAC Toyota ninth-
              generation Camry, GAC Honda e:NP2, etc.




14
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Interim Report 2024




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



4.   Initiated the “GAC Production Model” for the R&D and production
     system of self-developed brands
     After years of introduction, digestion, absorption and innovation, the Group accumulated
     funds, technologies, talents and experience, and formulated a world-class production system.
     For R&D, through the integration of advantageous global resources and the establishment
     of a global R&D network, the Group has formed a cross-platform and modular-structured
     forward development system, and has been equipped with the advantage of integrated
     innovation. The Group also owns State-Certified Enterprise Technology Center, overseas
     high-level talent innovation and entrepreneurship base, national demonstration base for
     talent introduction, academician workstation, postdoctoral research workstation and other
     innovation platforms. GAC Group’s independent R&D team for powertrain was awarded
     the title of “National Outstanding Engineering Team”. The product manager system and
     incentive mechanism of vehicle model team were comprehensively implemented to form
     a system and mechanism for the integration of research, production and sales with high
     efficiency and mutual benefit.



5.   Leading independent R&D abilities of new energy and ICV
     In the field of new energy, the Group has the cutting-edge exclusive pure electric platform.
     The Group deeply engaged in the independent R&D as well as the industrial application of
     power battery, battery cells and electric drive, and self-developed power battery technologies
     such as sponge silicon anode battery technology, ultra-fast charging battery technology and
     the magazine battery system safety technology, as well as the deep-integrated “three-in-one”
     electric drive system and two-gear dual-motor “four-in-one” integrated electric drive system.
     These helped create the “AION” series and the “Hyper” series, which are new energy vehicle
     (NEV) product systems based on the new exclusive platform on pure electricity. The Group
     has also successfully introduced a variety of new energy products to the joint ventures. In
     the field of energy conservation, the Group established the Mega Waves Hybrid Modular
     Architecture adopting platform-based modular designs, which were available for assembly
     of the powertrain system self-adaptive to all XEV models (i.e. hybrid models such as HEV
     and PHEV). In the field of ICV, the Group has self-developed the ADiGO PILOT intelligent
     driving system and the centralised computing electronic and electrical architecture “X-soul”
     equipped with vehicle-cloud integration. During the reporting period, the Company was
     selected as one of the first automobile enterprises across the country to carry out pilot
     programs for L3 autonomous driving on the road, and the urban NDA function with L2++
     smart driving has been installed on Hyper models.




                                                                                                            15
     Chapter 3

     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     ON OPERATION
                  DISCUSSION
                         AND
                 ANALYSIS ON
                  OPERATION




16
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024



    Chapter 3

    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    ON OPERATION
I.    ANALYSIS ON INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT1
      The first half of 2024 witnessed a continuous resurgence in domestic demand coupled with an
      improvement in external demand. In the face of an increasingly intricate and uncertain external
      environment, the fundamentals of domestic economy characterised by stable operation and
      positive trend in the long run remained unaltered. The economic operation was generally stable,
      concurrently achieving progress while maintaining stability, where new progress in high-quality
      development was attained. Competition in the automobile industry has intensified even further,
      compounded by challenges such as international trade protectionism, the need for improvement
      in domestic demand and consumer confidence. Consequently, the overall operation of the industry
      is still facing considerable pressure. The production and sales volume of vehicles from January to
      June 2024 were 13,891,000 units and 14,047,000 units respectively, representing an increase of 4.9%
      and 6.1% respectively over the corresponding period of 2023. Among them, domestic sales volume
      of automobiles amounted to 11,255,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.4%; export
      sales volume came to 2,793,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.5%.

                            Monthly Automobile Sales Volume in China
           0’000 units         from January to June in 2022-2024
           300                                                                                          60%

                                                                                                        50%
           250
                                                                                                        40%

           200                                                                                          30%

                                                                                                        20%
           150
                                                                                                        10%

           100                                                                                           0%

                                                                                                        -10%
            50
                                                                                                        -20%

              0                                                                                         -30%
                  January       February     March           April             May               June

                                   2022    2023       2024           Year-on-year change in 2024




1
      In this report, relevant data of the industry are retrieved from the China Association of Automobile

      Manufacturers.
                                                                                                                      17
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



       By market segment, from January to June 2024, the production and sales volume of passenger
       vehicles in aggregate were 11,886,000 units and 11,979,000 units respectively, representing a year-
       on-year increase of 5.4% and 6.3% respectively. Among them, domestic sales volume amounted to
       9,640,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.6%, whereas vehicle exports were 2,339,000
       units, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.5%. Among the main varieties of passenger
       vehicles, SUV production and sales showed double-digit growth compared with the corresponding
       period of last year, achieving a sales volume of 6,306,000 units from January to June, representing
       a year-on-year increase of 11.5%. Sedan production and sales increased slightly, achieving a sales
       volume of 5,096,000 units from January to June, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.8%. The
       production and sales of both MPVs and crossovers exhibited a slight decline, achieving a sales
       volume of 456,000 units and 121,000 units respectively from January to June, representing a year-
       on-year decrease of 5.8% and 3.2% respectively.


                                      Market Share of Passenger
                                      Vehicles by Models in China
                               4.0%       1.0%




                                                          43.0%




                                                                       Sedans
                   53.0%                                               SUV
                                                                       MPV
                                                                       Cross passenger vehicles




18
                                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024




                             DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



Among which, 7,419,000 units of passenger vehicles of Chinese brands were sold, representing
a year-on-year increase of 23.9% and accounting for 61.9% of the total sales volume of passenger
vehicles, the proportion of which increased by 8.8% over the corresponding period of last
year. Compared with the same period of last year, except for the Korean series brands, which
recorded double-digit growth of sale volume, the sales volume of the other major foreign brands
experienced significant decline.

                     Market Share of Passenger Vehicles by Series in China

                              70%

                              60%

                              50%

                              40%

                              30%

                              20%

                              10%

                               0%
                                        Chinese      German     Japanese     American       Korean         Others
                                           brands      series    series            series   series

                         2023 Jan-Jun      53.1%      19.1%      14.9%             9.5%      1.6%          1.7%
                         2024 Jan-Jun      61.9%      16.0%      12.0%             7.1%      1.7%          1.3%



                                             2023 Jan-Jun                  2024 Jan-Jun

                     Monthly Sales Volume of New Energy Vehicles in China
     0’000 units
     120                                                                                                                      100%


     100                                                                                                                      80%


      80                                                                                                                      60%


      60                                                                                                                      40%


      40                                                                                                                      20%


      20                                                                                                                       0%


       0                                                                                                                      -20%
           January           February               March                  April                     May               June

                      2022          2023             2024           Year-on-year change in 2024 Jan-Jun




                                                                                                                                            19
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



           From January to June 2024, the cumulative production and sales volume of commercial vehicles
           reached 2,005,000 units and 2,068,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 2% and 4.9%
           respectively.


           From January to June 2024, the cumulative production and sales volume of NEVs reached 4,929,000
           units and 4,944,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.1% and 32% respectively, with
           its market share further increased to 35.2%.


           From January to June 2024, the overall performance of automobile exports was in good condition,
           showing a rapid growth trend, with total export volume amounting to 2,793,000 units, representing
           a year-on-year increase of 30.5%. Among them, passenger vehicle exports were 2,339,000
           units, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.5%; commercial vehicle exports were 454,000
           units, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.7%; fuel vehicle exports were 2,188,000 units,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 36.2%; NEV exports were 605,000 units, representing a year-
           on-year increase of 13.2%.




     II.   ANALYSIS ON OPERATION OF THE COMPANY
           In the first half of 2024, the “price war” escalated and multi-dimensional “involution” intensified,
           posing unprecedented and tremendous challenges to the production and operations of the
           Group. The Group has comprehensively launched the campaign of “in-depth reform, strengthened
           management and facilitated development, aiming for improvement of quality and efficiency”
           in full swing, implementing comprehensive policies in line with market trends, firmly adopting
           sales-based production, and exerting utmost efforts to boost sales for end consumers. During the
           first half of this year, the Group’s production and sales volume of vehicles amounted to 859,500
           units and 863,000 units, representing a year-on-year decrease of 28.19% and 25.79%, of which
           the production and sales volume of NEVs reached 183,900 units and 164,100 units respectively,
           representing a year-on-year decrease of 25.35% and 30.61%. During the reporting period, the
           proportion of sales volume generated from energy-efficient vehicles and NEVs of the Group had
           increased to 40.63%, of which the proportion of energy-efficient vehicles stood at approximately
           21.62% whereas that of NEVs amounted to approximately 19.01%.




20
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024




                            DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



    1.    Independent businesses gained momentum by virtue of
          adjustments
          (1)    GAC Trumpchi
                 GAC Trumpchi achieved production and sales volume of 193,600 units and 188,900
                 units in the first half of the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.51% and 0.44%,
                 with the proportion of high-value models increased constantly. Among them, the
                 sales volume of MPVs amounted to 78,900 units, representing a year-on-year increase
                 of 10.4%, ranking first among domestic MPV manufacturers, where M8, M6 and other
                 model series continued to rank at the forefront in the market segment. Sales volume
                 of PHEV models reached 23,800 units, representing a year-on-year growth of nearly
                 440%, while E8 and E9 models continued to maintain hot-selling. GS3 Shadow Speed
                 achieved a sales volume of 43,600 units, marking a year-on-year growth of 48.67%,
                 ranking fourth in the domestic market segment in term of terminal sales volume2. GAC
                 Trumpchi actively embarked on the exploration of utilising user experience scenarios
                 as a carrier to improve the accuracy of product planning. In the first half of the year,
                 it launched the new M8 Master Super Hybrid, M6 MAX, GS4 MAX, GS8 five-seater
                 and other models. GAC Trumpchi released the “Trumpchi & Huawei Joint Innovation
                 Program” to further deepen the cooperation with Huawei, pursuant to which three
                 flagship models were scheduled for mass production by 2025, equipped with Huawei’s
                 latest HarmonyOS smart cockpit and QianKun ADS3.0 advanced smart driving function,
                 thereby joining hands to forge smart vehicles with capabilities of aligning with industry
                 benchmark.




2
    In this report, data of the terminal sales volume are retrieved from China Automotive Technology and Research
    Center Limited.
                                                                                                                       21
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



            (2)   GAC AION
                  In the first half of the year, GAC AION achieved production and sales volume of 140,300
                  units and 126,300 units respectively, representing a year-on-year decrease of 35.26% and
                  39.65%. Among them, the sales volume of AION S stood at 56,500 units, ranking second
                  among domestic pure electric A-class sedans in term of terminal sales volume. AION Y
                  achieved a sales volume of 60,500 units, ranking second among domestic pure electric
                  A-class SUVs in term of terminal sales volume. GAC AION also unveiled its first global
                  strategic model, the second-generation AION V equipped with the bran-new ADiGO 5.0
                  intelligent and interconnected driving ecosystem plus the self-evolving AI large model
                  cockpit, which has significantly improved its product strength and attracted great
                  attention from the market. In virtue of the continuous enhancement of quality control,
                  in the 2024 H1 NEV Quality Ranking released by AQSIQAUTO (中 國 汽 車 質 量 網), AION
                  Y and AION LX ranked first for quality in the new energy compact SUV and medium
                  SUV (PEV models) in the first half of 2024 respectively. GAC AION strove to deepen its
                  dual-brand operations, empowering the Hyper brand with greater independence to
                  pursue its trajectory as a high-end marque. The AION brand fully utilised the letter logo
                  to elevate its image and brand reputation in the consumer end, while implementing
                  a strategy of separating business-end and consumer-end customers, and delivering
                  differentiated and targeted specialised services customised for different customer
                  groups.



       2.   Joint venture brands accelerated product innovation
            The production and sales volume of GAC Toyota in the first half of the year were 339,700
            units and 336,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-year decrease of 26.36% and
            25.80%, ranking third among joint venture automobile companies and first among Japanese
            automobile companies in the domestic market in term of terminal sales volume. Among
            them, the sales volume of the Frontlander series exceeded 100,000 units, representing a year-
            on-year increase of 33.62%, ranking fourth among domestic A-class SUVs in term of terminal
            sales volume. Sienna achieved a sales volume of 35,200 units, ranking second among
            domestic B-class MPVs in term of terminal sales volume. GAC Toyota continued to accelerate
            its transformation towards electrification. In the first half of the year, it recorded a sales
            volume of 155,000 units for energy-efficient vehicles and NEV models, representing a year-
            on-year increase of 12.6%, with its proportion increased significantly to 46.1% which marked
            an increase of nearly 16 percentage points over the corresponding period of last year. GAC
            Toyota ranked first among the HEV models in the domestic market in term of terminal sales
            volume. During the reporting period, GAC Toyota launched the ninth-generation Camry and
            promoted the intelligent upgrade of on-board computer systems for Sienna, Highlander and




22
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Interim Report 2024




                     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



     other models to further enhance the intelligent experience. The aggregate production and
     sales volume of GAC Honda in the first half of the year reached 184,700 units and 207,900
     units respectively, representing a year-on-year decrease of 42.02% and 28.28%. During the
     reporting period, GAC Honda launched the all-new pure electric coupe SUV model, e:NP2.
     It plans to launch 6 all-new PEV models by 2027 to further promote the transformation
     of products towards electrification. GAC Hino has facilitated the implementation of the
     employee share incentive scheme and promoted shareholding adjustments in order to
     impel its transformation and development in an all-round manner, and has obtained the
     production qualification for new energy trucks from the Ministry of Industry and Information
     Technology. Wuyang Honda has increased its launch of new products and investment in
     market resources to stabilise sales volume. It rolled out 6 new products during the first half
     of the year, with plans to invest in a portfolio of 15 new models by 2024, while constantly
     propelling the upgrades for intellectualisation to enhance its product competitiveness.



3.   Overseas business accelerated its pace
     In the first half of 2024, the Group achieved an overseas sales volume of approximately 68,000
     vehicles, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 190%, of which overseas sales
     of self-developed brands were approximately 54,000 vehicles, representing a year-on-year
     increase of approximately 144%. From the perspective of products, Trumpchi M8 has been
     launched in more than 20 countries, including Mexico, the United Arab Emirates, and Kuwait,
     AION Y Plus has made its debut in Hong Kong, China, and Nepal, whereas star models
     such as M6 Pro and GS3 Shadow Speed have accelerated their coverage across numerous
     countries and regions worldwide. Leveraging on product differentiation and localisation
     strategies, the Group enhanced the market competitiveness of its products. In terms of
     channels, in the first half of the year, the Group accomplished the exploration of 26 markets
     including Uzbekistan and Azerbaijan, completed a market layout encompassing 68 countries
     and regions, which continuously expanded our international footprint and brought the total
     number of outlets to over 300. In terms of vigorous promotion of localised production, our
     CKD plant in Malaysia was completed and put into operation in April 2024, with a standard
     capacity of 34,400 units/year and a potential maximum capacity exceeding 50,000 units/
     year. The first locally assembled model was the GS3 Shadow Speed, with subsequent plans to
     incorporate Emkoo, E9 and other models. In July 2024, GAC AION’s smart factory in Thailand
     was officially completed and put into production, and the first global model of AION, the
     second-generation AION V, was simultaneously rolled out globally. The Thailand factory was
     initially designed with a production capacity of 50,000 units per year, positioning it as the
     Group’s automotive manufacturing hub in Southeast Asia.




                                                                                                            23
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



       4.   Technological innovation continued to gain momentum
            In the fields of electrification and carbon reduction, the Company has initially opened
            up the full-process manufacturing process of all-solid-state batteries, and has achieved key
            technological breakthroughs in the mass production of automotive-grade high-safety and
            large-capacity all-solid-state power batteries. The battery energy density can be more than
            400 Wh/Kg. It is anticipated to be installed on Hyper models by 2026. GAEI has completed
            research on high-efficiency engine system technology with fully independent intellectual
            property rights, and achieved a remarkable breakthrough in indicators of engine thermal
            efficiency. The indicated thermal efficiency of a single-cylinder engine exceeds 52.5%, and
            the effective thermal efficiency of a multi-cylinder engine that can be equipped on a vehicle
            exceeds 46%. The technology has reached the world’s leading level.


            In the field of ICV, the Company has been approved as one of the first automobile
            enterprises to carry out pilot programs of L3 autonomous driving on the road across the
            country. The urban NDA function with L2++ smart driving has been installed on Hyper
            models. On GAC TECH DAY, the Company released the nation-leading non-graphical
            pure visual intelligent driving solutions, which, on the basis of visual sensors and artificial
            intelligence algorithms, had solved the existing problems of limited coverage and slow
            update of domestic high-precision maps, and realised intelligent driving of full geographical
            coverage with more simplified and cost-effective hardware systems. Such solutions are
            expected to be installed on vehicles for mass production by 2026.


            In terms of capability building, GAC’s “three-in-one” wind tunnel laboratory was officially
            put into use in May 2024. It stands as the first wind tunnel laboratory for vehicle integrating
            aerodynamics, aeroacoustics, and thermodynamics in the world, enabling the simulation
            of intricate environmental variables and establishing a full-process, high-precision, and
            reliable R&D and testing platform that could further consolidate the Company’s fundamental
            guarantee capabilities for independent innovation.




24
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Interim Report 2024




                     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



5.   Industry ecosystem embraced with continual optimisation
     In the fields of parts and components, GAC Component has deepened its cascade
     R&D system of parts and components, established extensive presence in smart cockpits,
     smart chassis, new energy and other fields, promoted seat R&D projects, micromotor/
     shifter R&D projects, etc. to complete the reform featuring industry-research integration
     and further integrate resources, thereby promoting the work of stabilising, replenishing and
     strengthening the chain. Nansha R&D and Manufacturing Base of Lisheng Technology has
     been officially put into use, realising the mass production and delivery of multiple products
     such as smart cockpit domain control, central domain control, internet of vehicles terminals,
     and high-voltage wiring harnesses.


     In the fields of commercial and mobility transportation services, GAC Business has
     strengthened its new media marketing matrix and connected more than 120 sales stores to
     construct diversified marketing links to enhance brand awareness and sales conversion. The
     average daily effective leads increased by 67.8% as compared to the corresponding period of
     last year. GAC Business explored the growth point of after-sales business based on customer
     demands, promoting the after-sales output value to increase by 10.8% year-on-year. ON TIME
     has successively been approved to carry out Robotaxi manned demonstration application
     activities in certain areas of Shenzhen and to conduct road tests for Robotaxi in the entire
     Hengqin Guangdong-Macao Deep Cooperation Zone. Guangzhou AION & DIDI Technology
     Co., Ltd. is founded jointly by GAC AION and DIDI Autonomous Driving, which in virtue of
     the mutual advantages, will deeply integrate mature experience in new energy vehicle
     manufacturing and leading autonomous driving technology. It’s planned to launch the first
     commercialised L4 model by 2025.


     In the fields of energy and ecosystem, the smart ecological plant of IMPOW Battery
     achieved rapid production ramp-up and batch delivery of power batteries, with a total of
     more than 5,400 battery packs delivered in the first half of the year, ranking 14th among
     domestic power battery enterprises in term of the number of vehicle assembly. In the first
     half of the year, GAC Energy built and operated a total of more than 1,000 charging stations,
     more than 6,500 fast-charging terminals, and 65 swapping stations, which marks its energy
     charging network covering 191 cities. The Company cooperated with NIO Power (蔚來能源),
     CATL (寧德時代), and CAES (時代電服) in the field of charging and battery swapping to further
     improve its layout of energy ecosystem and bring users a more efficient and convenient
     experience for battery swapping and charging.




                                                                                                           25
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



             In the fields of investment and finance, in the first half of the year, GAC-SOFINCO entered
             into 228,000 new inventory financing contracts alongside 100,000 new retail loan contracts.
             It took the lead in the industry to launch products without any down payment, vigorously
             supporting the sales from the OEMs. GAC Finance Company gave play to its function as a
             credit leverage to reduce corporate financing costs and issued loans and discounts of RMB3.3
             billion to the OEMs and supporting companies thereunder. Urtrust Insurance deepened
             innovative industry-finance collaboration with OEMs and vigorously developed NEV insurance
             business. In the first half of the year, auto insurance premiums reached RMB1.365 billion,
             representing a year-on-year increase of 9.8%. GAC Capital continued to invest in the fields
             of chips, ICV and new energy, while simultaneously empowering the automotive industry,
             completing the settlement of 7 investment projects in the first half of the year. GAC Leasing
             intended to increase shares through capital injection and to introduce external strategic
             investors, thus further give play to the role of finance in empowering the principal businesses
             of the Group to enhance its risk-resistance ability.



     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS BY THE BOARD ON OPERATION
          OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
        During the reporting period, the Group realised revenue of approximately RMB181.142 billion on an
        aggregated basis, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 22.42%.


        During the reporting period, the revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB46.255
        billion on a consolidated basis, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 25.29%. The
        net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company amounted to approximately RMB1.516
        billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 48.88%. The basic earnings per
        share amounted to approximately RMB0.14, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately
        RMB0.14.


        The major factors accounting for the changes in results during the reporting period included:


        1.   In the first half of the year, the automobile industry witnessed an intensification of both
             the “price war” and “involution”, to deal with which the Group augmented commercial and
             political investment. In the first half of the year, the Group produced and sold 859,500 and
             863,000 automobiles respectively, representing a year-on-year decrease of 28.19% and 25.79%,
             of which the production volume and sales volume of NEVs amounted to 183,900 units and
             164,100 units.




26
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024




                          DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



   2.   In the first half of the year, the Group achieved an overseas sales volume of approximately
        68,000 vehicles, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 190%, of which
        overseas sales of self-developed brands were approximately 54,000 vehicles, representing
        a year-on-year increase of approximately 144%. Companies providing supporting functions
        such as automotive parts and commercial services were deeply involved in the Group’s
        internationalisation strategy, further improving the international logistics and parts support
        system to empower the development of the principal businesses of the Group.



IV. ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

   1.   Analysis of changes of items in the consolidated statement of
        comprehensive income and the cash flow statement
                                                                      Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB


                                                        Current      Corresponding
        Item                                             period     period last year        Change (%)

        Revenue                                           462.55                619.11              -25.29
        Costs of sales                                    441.03               599.36               -26.42
        Selling and distribution costs                     28.30                25.69                 10.16
        Administrative expenses                            25.28                 25.15                0.52
        Finance costs                                       3.24                  2.01                61.19
        Interest income                                      3.51                 3.57                -1.68
        Share of profits less losses of joint
         ventures and associates                            20.11               53.00               -62.06
        Net cash flow generated from
         operating activities                              18.48                 -5.28             450.00
        Net cash flow generated from
         investing activities                             -103.50              -32.35              -219.94
        Net cash flow generated from
         financing activities                              -37.29               41.43              -190.01




   2.   Revenue
        During the reporting period, revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB46.255
        billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 25.29%. This was mainly due to
        the decline in the Group’s overall vehicle sales volume driven by the escalating “price war” in
        the industry.




                                                                                                                27
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



       3.   Cost of sales and gross profit
            During the reporting period, the Group recorded costs of sales of approximately RMB44.103
            billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 26.42%. Total gross profit
            amounted to approximately RMB2.152 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
            approximately RMB177 million. Gross profit margin increased year on year by 1.46%, which
            was mainly due to the combined factors including the substantial growth in overseas
            vehicles sales, coupled with the higher gross profit of vehicle exports during the reporting
            period.



       4.   Expenses
            (1)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB261 million in selling and distribution
                  costs was mainly attributable to the combined factors including the self-developed
                  brands were facing new energy transformation and internationalisation, increasing
                  investments in publicity and after-sales services and incentives during the reporting
                  period;


            (2)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB13 million in administrative expenses
                  was mainly attributable to the combined factors including the slight increase in fixed
                  operating overhead during the reporting period;


            (3)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB123 million in finance costs was mainly
                  attributable to the combined factors including the increase in borrowings which led to
                  a year-on-year increase in interest expenses during the reporting period;


            (4)   The year-on-year decrease of approximately RMB7 million in interest income was
                  mainly attributable to the combined factors including the year-on-year decrease in
                  non-operational interest income during the reporting period.



       5.   Cash flows
            (1)   During the reporting period, net cash inflow generated from operating activities
                  amounted to RMB1.848 billion, representing an increase in net inflow of RMB2.376
                  billion as compared with the net cash outflow of RMB528 million in the corresponding
                  period last year, which was mainly attributable to the year-on-year increase in net cash
                  flow from operating activities of financial enterprises during the reporting period;




28
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Interim Report 2024




                     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



     (2)   During the reporting period, net cash outflow generated from investing activities
           amounted to RMB10.350 billion, representing an increase in net outflow of RMB7.115
           billion as compared with the net cash outflow of RMB3.235 billion in the corresponding
           period last year, which was mainly attributable to the increased investment in
           interbank deposit certificates of financial enterprises during the reporting period;


     (3)   During the reporting period, net cash outflow generated from financing activities
           amounted to RMB3.729 billion, representing a decrease in net inflow of approximately
           RMB7.872 billion as compared with the net cash inflow of RMB4.143 billion in the
           corresponding period last year, which was mainly attributable to the year-on-
           year decrease in bank borrowings and interbank borrowings obtained by financial
           enterprises during the reporting period;


     (4)   As at 30 June 2024, cash and cash equivalent of the Group amounted to approximately
           RMB27.535 billion, representing a decrease of RMB7.064 billion as compared with
           RMB34.599 billion as at 30 June 2023.



6.   Share of profits less losses of joint ventures and associated
     enterprises
     During the reporting period, the Group’s share of profits less losses of joint ventures and
     associated enterprises amounted to approximately RMB2.011 billion, representing a year-
     on-year decrease of approximately RMB3.289 billion, which was mainly attributable to the
     combined factors including the increased commercial and political investments of joint
     ventures and decreased income derived from the decrease in sales volume during the
     reporting period.



7.   Others
     Income tax amounted to approximately RMB45 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
     of approximately RMB210 million, which was mainly attributable to changes in profit of
     certain enterprises during the reporting period.


To sum up, the Group’s net profit attributable to owners of the listed company for the reporting
period amounted to approximately RMB1.516 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of
approximately 48.88%; basic earnings per share amounted to approximately RMB0.14, representing
a year-on-year decrease of approximately 49.07%.




                                                                                                              29
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



     V. ANALYSIS BY INDUSTRY, PRODUCT OR REGIONAL OPERATION

        1.   Principal business by industry
                                                                                      Unit: 100 million          Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                     Changes in
                                                                               Changes in        Changes in          gross profit
                                                                    Gross         revenue       cost of sales            margin
                                                         Cost of    profit      compared          compared            compared
             By industry                     Revenue       sales   margin    with last year    with last year      with last year
                                                                      (%)               (%)               (%)                 (%)

             Automobile manufacturing
              industry                         305.79     299.09      2.19            -33.51           -34.29               114.71
             Parts and components
              manufacturing industry             19.17     17.44     9.02             -12.27            -15.71              69.87
             Commercial services                113.53    106.05      6.59            -5.34             -7.70               57.28
             Financial services and others     24.06       18.45     23.32            37.96             115.29             -54.15
             Total                             462.55     441.03     4.65            -25.29            -26.42              45.84




        2.   Principal business by product
                                                                                      Unit: 100 million          Currency: RMB


                                                                               Changes in        Changes in          Changes in
                                                                    Gross         revenue       cost of sales        gross profit
                                                         Cost of    profit      compared          compared margin compared
             By product                      Revenue       sales   margin    with last year    with last year      with last year
                                                                      (%)               (%)               (%)                 (%)

             Passenger vehicles                305.79     299.09      2.19            -33.51           -34.29               114.71
             Vehicles-related trades           132.70     123.49     6.94             -6.40             -8.92               58.81
             Financial services and others     24.06       18.45     23.32            37.96             115.29             -54.15
             Total                             462.55     441.03     4.65            -25.29            -26.42              45.84




30
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024




                           DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



3.   Principal business by region
                                                                       Unit: 100 million              Currency: RMB


                                                                                                        Changes in
                                                                                                            revenue
                                                                                                compared with
     By region                                                                  Revenue                    last year
                                                                                                                   (%)

     Mainland China                                                                 407.01                      -31.89
     Overseas                                                                         55.54                     157.61
     Total                                                                          462.55                      -25.29




4.   Principal business by sales model
                                                                       Unit: 100 million              Currency: RMB


                                                                Changes in           Changes in             Changes in
                                                     Gross         revenue          cost of sales           gross profit
                                          Cost of    profit      compared             compared margin compared
     By sales model            Revenue      sales   margin    with last year       with last year         with last year
                                                       (%)               (%)                   (%)                   (%)

     Distributor sales model     305.79    299.09      2.19            -33.51              -34.29                  114.71
     Others                      156.76    141.94     9.45              -1.55                 -1.54                -0.06
     Total                       462.55    441.03     4.65            -25.29               -26.42                 45.84




                                                                                                                            31
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



     VI. ANALYSIS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

        1.   Analysis table of assets and liabilities
                                                                                             Unit: 100 million     Currency: RMB

                                                                         Balance at                       Balance at
                                                                         the end of                       the end of
                                                     Balance at      current period      Balance at     the previous
                                                      the end of         over total   the end of the      year over
             Item                                 current period            assets     previous year    total assets      Change
                                                                                (%)                              (%)          (%)

             Prepayments and other
               long-term receivables                       166.59              7.70           173.80            7.96         -4.15
             Inventories                                  178.87               8.27           167.20            7.65         6.98
             Borrowings – current                         222.04              10.26            177.32           8.12        25.22
             Trade and other payables – current           484.36              22.39           557.42           25.52        -13.11
             Borrowings – non-current                       111.18             5.14           103.84            4.75         7.07




        2.   Analysis on the above changes
             (1)     Prepayments and other long-term receivables decreased by 4.15% as compared with
                     the balance at the end of the previous year, mainly due to the decrease in the scale of
                     the finance leasing business during the reporting period;


             (2)     Inventories increased by 6.98% as compared with the balance at the end of the
                     previous year, mainly attributable to the increase in finished vehicles as export
                     inventories consequential to the increase in vehicle exports during the reporting
                     period;


             (3)     Borrowings – current increased by 25.22% as compared with the balance at the end
                     of the previous year, mainly attributable to the combined effect of the increase in
                     demand of certain enterprises to replenish their working capital through short-term
                     borrowings during the reporting period;


             (4)     Trade and other payables – current decreased by 13.11% as compared with the balance
                     at the end of the previous year, mainly attributable to the combined effect of the
                     increase in payments for goods to suppliers during the reporting period;


             (5)     Borrowings – non-current increased by 7.07% as compared with the balance at the
                     end of the previous year, mainly attributable to the combined effect of the increased
                     demand for long-term funds due to the businesses development of certain enterprises
                     during the reporting period.
32
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Interim Report 2024




                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



VII. ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

   1.   Financial indicators
        As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.37 times, representing an
        increase compared to approximately 1.31 times as at 31 December 2023; the Group’s quick
        ratio was approximately 1.13 times, representing an increase compared to approximately 1.09
        times as at 31 December 2023, both of which were at normal level.



   2.   Financial resources and capital structure
        As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately RMB100.847
        billion, current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB73.625 billion and current ratio was
        approximately 1.37 times.


        As at 30 June 2024, total borrowings amounted to approximately RMB33.322 billion, mainly
        consisting of borrowings from bank and financial institutions amounting to RMB33.206
        billion which would be payable upon maturity. The Group generally funds its business and
        operational capital needs with its own operating cash flow.


        As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 21.07% (Calculation of
        gearing ratio: (borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)/(total
        equity + borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)).



   3.   Foreign exchange risk
        As the Group mainly conducts its business in the PRC, and the sales and procurement in
        the PRC were denominated in RMB, changes in foreign exchange did not have any material
        effect on the Group’s operating results and cash flow during the reporting period.



   4.   Contingent liabilities
        As of 30 June 2024, financial guarantee given by the Company to controlled and wholly-
        owned subsidiaries of the Group is nil (31 December 2023: nil).


        As of 30 June 2024, independent third-party financial guarantee given by the Company is nil (31
        December 2023: nil).


        As of 30 June 2024, financial guarantee given by the Group to related parties outside the
        consolidation scope is nil (31 December 2023: nil).




                                                                                                                   33
     DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION



     VIII. A N A L Y S I S O F M A J O R C O N T R O L L I N G A N D I N V E S T E E
           COMPANIES

         GAC Honda, GAC Toyota, GAC Trumpchi and GAC AION are the key joint ventures and subsidiaries
         of the Group. During the reporting period, confronted with the impact of multiple unfavorable
         factors in the industry such as the accelerating involution, intensifying price wars, and other
         complex and severe internal and external situations, each enterprise has thrived on the challenges
         and taken the initiative to scramble for the market, seize orders, control costs, and make every
         effort to promote sales for end consumers. Among which:


         The production and sales volume of GAC Honda were 184,691 units and 207,930 units respectively,
         representing a year-on-year decrease of 42.02% and 28.28% respectively; revenue was RMB30.668
         billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 28.35%;


         The production and sales volume of GAC Toyota were 339,658 units and 336,000 units respectively,
         representing a year-on-year decrease of 26.36% and 25.80% respectively; revenue was RMB52.150
         billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 29.58%;


         The production and sales volume of GAC Trumpchi were 193,603 units and 188,882 units
         respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.51% and 0.44% respectively; revenue was
         RMB25.459 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 11.39%;


         The production and sales volume of GAC AION were 140,258 units and 126,329 units respectively,
         representing a year-on-year decrease of 35.26% and 39.65% respectively; revenue was RMB12.401
         billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 44.61%.




34
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024



 Chapter 4

 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
I.    PROPOSED PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN OR CONVERSION OF
      CAPITAL RESERVES

      FORMULATED HALF-YEAR PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN AND
      CONVERSION OF CAPITAL RESERVE
       Whether making profit distribution or
         converting capital reserve into share capital                                                       Yes

       Number of bonus share for every 10 shares                                                               0

       Amount of cash dividend for every 10 shares
         (RMB) (tax inclusive)                                                                                0.3

       Number of shares converted for every 10
         shares                                                                                                0

                             Relevant Explanation on Profit Distribution Plan or
                                  Plan to Convert Capital Reserve into Shares

       At the 68th meeting of the 6th session of the Board of the Company convened on 30 August 2024, it
       was considered and approved that a cash interim dividend of RMB0.3 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares
       shall be distributed to all shareholders of the Company whose names appeared on the register
       of members on the record date. The Shares as held by the Company in its securities account for
       repurchases will not be entitled to profit distribution.



II.   MATTERS RELATING TO INSOLVENCY OR RESTRUCTURING
      On account of its insolvency, the joint venture, GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co., Ltd., filed for
      winding-up in accordance with relevant requirements of existing laws and regulations in 2022.
      On 29 November 2022, Intermediate People’s Court of Changsha, Hunan Province issued the Civil
      Judgement [(2022) Xiang 01 Po Shen No. 139]((2022) 湘01破申139號) to formally accept its winding-
      up application; on 6 March 2023, Notice (2022)Xiang 01 Po No.214-1 ((2022) 湘01破 214-1號) was issued
      and Yingke (Changsha) Law Firm was designated to act as the administrator. During the reporting
      period, the administrator had initiated the overall disposal of core assets.



III. MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION
      The Company had no material litigation and arbitration during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                      35
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     IV. APPOINTMENT OR DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTANTS

        EXPLANATION ON APPOINTMENT AND DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTING
        FIRMS
        As considered and approved at the 62nd meeting of the 6th session of the Board, the 20th meeting
        of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee and the 2023 annual general meeting of the
        Company, the Company appointed ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP and KPMG as
        auditors of the Company for the year 2024.



        CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING FIRM DURING THE AUDITING PERIOD
        According to the Measures for Administration of Selection and Engagement of Accounting Firms
        by State-Owned Enterprises and Listed Companies (Cai Kuai [2023] No. 4)（《國有企業、上市公司選
        聘會計師事務所管理辦法》(財會[2023]4號)）, KPMG has been appointed as the H-share auditor of the
        Company for the year 2024 with the approval of the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the
        general meeting of the Company as the term of appointment of the original H-share auditor has
        reached the prescribed term.



     V. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
        There were no important events affecting the Company and its subsidiaries which have occurred
        since the end of the six months ended 30 June 2024.




36
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024




                                                                 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



VI. SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK
    OWNERSHIP SCHEME OR OTHER STAFF INCENTIVES OF THE
    COMPANY AND THE IMPACTS THEREOF

   A-SHARE OPTION
   A-share option represents the right granted to a participant by the Company to acquire certain
   number of A shares of the Company at a pre-determined price and conditions within a particular
   period of time. The source of the underlying shares shall be the ordinary A shares to be issued by
   the Company to the participants.



   RESTRICTED SHARES
   Restricted shares represent a certain number of A shares of the Company granted to the
   participants by the Company under the conditions and at the price as stipulated in the incentive
   scheme, which are subject to the lock-up period and can only be unlocked for trading when the
   unlocking conditions under the incentive scheme are satisfied. The source of the underlying shares
   shall be the ordinary A shares to be issued by the Company to the participants.



   (I)   2020 A SHARE OPTION AND RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
         (THE “2020 INCENTIVE SCHEME”)
         1.    Purpose
               In order to further establish and improve the long-term incentive mechanism of the
               Company, attract and retain talented individuals, fully mobilise the enthusiasm of the
               directors, senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact
               on the Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel
               of the Company, and effectively bond the interests of the shareholders, the Company
               and individuals of core teams together, making all parties to attend to the long-
               term development of the Company, on the premise of fully protecting the interests
               of the shareholders and on the principle of income equivalent to contribution, the
               2020 Incentive Scheme was formulated and passed at the 2020 second extraordinary
               general meeting and the 2020 first class meetings for holders of A and H shares of the
               Company held on 13 November 2020.




                                                                                                                37
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          2.   Scheme Participants
               All of the participants under the 2020 Incentive Scheme are employee participants
               as defined under Rule 17.03A(1)(a) of the Listing Rules, including the directors,
               senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact on the
               Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of the
               Company.


          3.   Basis of determining the exercise price of the share options and the grant price
               of the restricted shares
               The Company granted a total of 102,101,330 A share options to 2,872 participants on
               4 December 2020, and the exercise price before adjustment was RMB9.98 per share,
               which was determined with reference to the highest of the following and shall not be
               lower than the nominal amount of the A shares:


               (1)   the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the trading day
                     preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 24 September 2020)
                     which is RMB9.91; and


               (2)   one of the average trading prices of the A shares of the Company for 20 trading
                     days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the proposal
                     announcement.


               The Company granted a total of 102,101,330 restricted shares to 2,872 participants on 4
               December 2020, and the grant price was RMB4.99 per share, which was determined
               with reference to the highest of the following and shall not be lower than the nominal
               amount of the A shares:


               (1)   50% of the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the trading
                     day preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 24 September 2020)
                     (which is RMB9.91); and


               (2)   50% of one of the average trading prices of the A shares of the Company for
                     20 trading days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the
                     proposal announcement.




38
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Interim Report 2024




                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The adjustment details for the exercise price of share options and the repurchase price
of restricted shares since the implementation of the 2020 Incentive Scheme are as
follows:


•     Since 8 June 2021, as a result of the implementation of the final profit distribution
      plan for 2020, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to RMB9.83/A
      share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted shares was adjusted
      to RMB4.84/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For details,
      please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
      Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price” (Announcement No.: Lin 2021-
      034) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 26 May 2021.


•     Since 22 September 2021, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
      distribution plan for 2021, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
      RMB9.78/A share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted shares was
      adjusted to RMB4.79/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For
      details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of
      the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price” (Announcement No.:
      Lin 2021-066) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 13
      September 2021.


•     Since 21 November 2022, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
      distribution plan for 2021 and the interim profit distribution plan for 2022, the
      exercise price of share options was adjusted to RMB9.55/A share accordingly
      and the repurchase price of restricted shares was adjusted to RMB4.56/A share
      accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. At the same time, in terms of the
      repurchase of restricted shares due to the resignation, retirement, assessment,
      etc. of participants, the repurchase prices are RMB4.56/A share and RMB4.67172/
      A share, respectively, depending on the circumstances of participants triggering
      the repurchase cancellation conditions (plus deposit interest for the same
      period). For details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Equity
      Price, Equity Quantity and Personnel List of the 2020 A Share Options and
      Restricted Share Incentive Scheme” (Announcement No.: Lin 2022-077) disclosed
      on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 21 November 2022.




                                                                                                   39
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             •    Since 16 June 2023, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
                  distribution plan for 2022, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
                  RMB9.37/A share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted shares was
                  adjusted to RMB4.38/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For
                  details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of
                  the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option
                  Incentive Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2023-050) disclosed
                  on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 8 June 2023.


             •    Since 18 September 2023, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
                  distribution plan for 2023, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
                  RMB9.32/A share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted shares was
                  adjusted to RMB4.33/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For
                  details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of
                  the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option
                  Incentive Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2023-080) disclosed
                  on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 8 September 2023.


             •    Since 13 June 2024, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
                  distribution plan for 2023, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
                  RMB9.22/A share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted shares was
                  adjusted to RMB4.23/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For
                  details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of
                  the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option
                  Incentive Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2024-042) disclosed
                  on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 4 June 2024.


             The closing price of the Company’s A shares on the date immediately before the grant
             date of the 2020 Incentive Scheme was RMB13.29 per share. Within any 12-month
             period, none of the participants were granted or will be granted options and awards in
             aggregate exceeding 1% of the total issued A shares of the Company under all effective
             share schemes of the Company. Details of the maximum entitlement (including A
             share options and restricted shares) that each director and senior management of
             the Company may be granted under the 2020 Incentive Scheme are set out in the
             Company’s circular disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange on 22 October 2020,
             and the maximum entitlement that can be granted to each other individual participant
             shall not be higher than the maximum entitlement limit of the above-mentioned ones.
             No amount is payable by the participants on application or acceptance of the A share
             options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. According to the 2020 Incentive Scheme,
             the grant price of restricted A shares was RMB4.99 per share. In other words, after
             meeting the grant conditions, the participants purchased the restricted A shares which
             were issued and granted by the Company at a price of RMB4.99 per share.

40
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Interim Report 2024




                                                       SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



4.   Validity period, vesting period and exercise period
     The 2020 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the share options
     and the restricted shares have been granted and registered, and end on the date
     on which all the share options granted to the participants have been exercised or
     cancelled and all the restricted shares granted to the participants have been unlocked
     or repurchased and cancelled respectively, which shall not exceed 60 months, i.e. still
     effective until December 2025 with approximately one year and two months remaining.
     The vesting period and the lock-up period of share options and restricted shares
     respectively were 24 months, 36 months, 48 months from the date of completion of
     grant and registration.


     As of the end of the reporting period, the total number of securities issuable under the
     2020 Incentive Scheme was 48,693,437 shares, representing approximately 0.46% of
     the total issued shares of the Company then.


     Since all the 102,101,330 A share options and 102,101,330 restricted A shares available
     for grant under the 2020 Incentive Scheme were granted on 4 December 2020, the
     number of options and awards available for grant under the scheme mandate of the
     2020 Incentive Scheme at the beginning and the end of the reporting period were both 0.
     As no service provider is eligible to be a participant under the 2020 Incentive Scheme,
     the service provider sublimit is not applicable to the 2020 Incentive Scheme.




                                                                                                      41
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             The exercise periods and exercise schedule for the share options are as follows:


             Exercise                                                                    Exercisable
             arrangement       Exercise period                                           proportion
             First exercise    Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of             40%
              period             the 24-month period from the date of completion
                                 of registration of the share options and ending on
                                 the last trading day of the 36-month period from
                                 the date of completion of registration of the share
                                 options, i.e. 12 December 2022 to 10 December 2023
             Second exercise   Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of             30%
              period             the 36-month period from the date of completion
                                 of registration of the share options and ending on
                                 the last trading day of the 48-month period from
                                 the date of completion of registration of the share
                                 options, i.e. 11 December 2023 to 10 December 2024
             Third exercise    Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of             30%
              period             the 48-month period from the date of completion
                                 of registration of the share options and ending on
                                 the last trading day of the 60-month period from
                                 the date of completion of registration of the share
                                 options (during the reporting period, the third
                                 exercise period had not yet commenced)


             The participants shall complete the exercise of the share options within the validity
             period. If the exercise conditions are not satisfied, the A share options for the
             corresponding period shall not become exercisable. If the exercise conditions are
             satisfied but not all of the relevant A share options for that period have been exercised,
             the remaining A share options shall lapse automatically and shall be cancelled by the
             Company.




42
                                                                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                             Interim Report 2024




                                                                                                                  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The details of the A share options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme for (I) directors and
senior management and (II) other employee participants during the reporting period
are as follows:


A share options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme


                                                                                                             Unit: share(s) (A share) Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                  average
                                                                            Number                          Shares                                           closing price
                                                                          of A share                    issued upon      Number        Number                 immediately
                                                           Number of        options    Number of A         exercise    of A share    of A share                before the        Number of
                                                          outstanding         newly    share options     of A share      options       options    Exercise dates on which     outstanding A
                                                      A share options       granted      exercisable        options    cancelled        lapsed    price of    the A share     share options
                                                           held at the    during the     during the      during the    during the    during the   A share    options were    held at the end
                                                      beginning of the     reporting       reporting      reporting     reporting     reporting   options       exercised of the reporting
Name            Position/Type of Participants         reporting period       period          period          period       period        period      (RMB)           (RMB)            period

Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager                   174,000            0           87,000              0            0             0        N/A             N/A            174,000
Yan Zhuangli    Deputy General Manager                         156,000            0           78,000              0            0             0        N/A             N/A            156,000
Deng Lei        Non-executive director, chairwoman              76,980            0           38,490              0            0             0        N/A             N/A             76,980
                   of the labour union
Wang Dan        Chief accountant and person in                 156,000            0           78,000              0            0             0        N/A             N/A            156,000
                   charge of accounting function
Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager                          96,000            0          48,000               0            0             0        N/A             N/A            96,000
Yu Jun          Deputy General Manager                         147,000            0           73,500              0            0             0        N/A             N/A            147,000
Zheng Heng      Deputy General Manager                         147,000            0           73,500              0            0             0        N/A             N/A            147,000
Xia Xianqing    Deputy General Manager                         147,000            0           73,500              0            0             0        N/A             N/A            147,000
Liu Xiangneng Secretary to the Board and                        53,880            0           26,940              0            0             0        N/A             N/A             53,880
                   company secretary
                2020 Incentive Scheme middle                 47,553,137           0        24,311,340         13,560           0             0        9.32            8.54        47,539,577
                   level and other core businesses,                                                                                                   9.22
                   technical and management
                   key personnel (i.e. 2,391 other
                   employee participants in total)
                Total (together with that of                48,706,997            0       24,888,270          13,560           0             0           –               –        48,693,437
                   the Directors and Senior
                   Management): 2,400




                                                                                                                                                                                               43
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             The unlocking periods and unlocking schedule of each unlocking period for the
             restricted shares are as follows:


             Unlocking                                                                   Unlocking
             arrangement        Unlocking period                                         proportion
             First unlocking    Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of           40%
              period              the 24-month period from the date of completion of
                                  registration of the restricted shares and ending on
                                  the last trading day of the 36-month period from the
                                  date of completion of registration of the restricted
                                  shares, i.e. 12 December 2022 to 10 December 2023
             Second             Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of           30%
              unlocking           the 36-month period from the date of completion
              period              of registration of the restricted shares and ending
                                  on the last trading day of the 48-month period
                                  from the date of completion of registration of
                                  the restricted shares, i.e. 11 December 2023 to 10
                                  December 2024
             Third unlocking    Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of           30%
              period              the 48-month period from the date of completion
                                  of registration of the restricted shares and ending
                                  on the last trading day of the 60-month period
                                  from the date of completion of registration of the
                                  restricted shares (during the reporting period, the
                                  third unlocking period had not yet commenced)


             For restricted shares that unlocking has not been applied for or unlocking cannot
             be applied due to failure to meet the unlocking conditions during such unlocking
             period(s), the Company will repurchase and cancel such restricted shares in accordance
             with the rules of the 2020 Incentive Scheme.


             The shares obtained by the participants by way of grant of the restricted shares arising
             from capitalisation issue, bonus issue and share subdivision shall be subject to locking,
             and shall not be sold in the secondary market or otherwise transferred. Such unlocking
             period(s) of such shares are the same as that of the restricted shares. If the Company
             repurchases the restricted shares that are yet to be unlocked, such shares shall be
             repurchased altogether.




44
                                                                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024




                                                                                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The details of the restricted A shares under the 2020 Incentive Scheme for (I) directors
and senior management and (II) other employee participants during the reporting
period are as follows:


Restricted A shares under the 2020 Incentive Scheme


                                                                                                                 Unit: share(s) (A share) Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                  Number of                        Number of          average                                    Number of
                                                                   locked-up      Number of        restricted     closing price      Number of Repurchase        restricted        Number of
                                                                 restricted A    restricted A        A shares     immediately       restricted A price of the     A shares remaining locked-
                                                              shares held at    shares newly    unlocked (i.e.      before the shares cancelled     cancelled       lapsed     up restricted A
                                                              the beginning granted during vested) during         vesting date and repurchased      restricted   during the     shares held at
                                                             of the reporting   the reporting   the reporting of restricted A        during the      A shares     reporting     the end of the
Name            Position/Type of Participants                         period          period           period     shares (RMB) reporting period         (RMB)       period    reporting period

Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager                          87,000               0                0              N/A                 0          N/A            0              87,000
Yan Zhuangli    Deputy General Manager                                78,000               0                0              N/A                 0          N/A            0              78,000
Deng Lei        Non-executive director, chairwoman of                 38,490               0                0              N/A                 0          N/A            0              38,490
                   the labour union
Wang Dan        Chief accountant and person in charge                 78,000               0                0              N/A                 0          N/A            0              78,000
                   of accounting function
Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager                                48,000               0                0              N/A                 0          N/A            0              48,000
Yu Jun          Deputy General Manager                                 73,500              0                0              N/A                 0          N/A            0              73,500
Zheng Heng      Deputy General Manager                                 73,500              0                0              N/A                 0          N/A            0              73,500
Xia Xianqing    Deputy General Manager                                 73,500              0                0              N/A                 0          N/A            0              73,500
Liu Xiangneng   Secretary to the Board and company                    26,940               0                0              N/A                 0          N/A            0              26,940
                   secretary
                2020 Incentive Scheme middle level and             28,801,576              0                0              N/A           942,351          4.33           0           25,471,420
                   other core businesses, technical and                                                                                2,387,805      4.46423
                   management key personnel (i.e. 2,512
                   other employee participants in total)
                Total (together with that of the Directors         29,378,506              0                0              N/A          3,330,156            –           0          26,048,350
                   and Senior Management): 2,521




                                                                                                                                                                                                  45
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       (II) 2022 A SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME (THE “2022 INCENTIVE
            SCHEME”)
          1.   Purpose
               In order to further establish and improve the long-term incentive mechanism of the
               Company, attract and retain talented individuals, fully mobilise the enthusiasm of
               the senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact on
               the Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel
               of the Company, and effectively bond the interests of the shareholders, the Company
               and individuals of core teams together, making all parties to attend to the long-term
               development of the Company, on the premise of fully protecting the interests of the
               shareholders and on the principle of income equivalent to contribution, the Company
               formulated the 2022 Incentive Scheme, which has been duly approved by way of
               special resolutions passed at the 2023 first extraordinary general meeting and the 2023
               first class meetings for A and H shareholders of the Company respectively held on 20
               January 2023.


          2.   Scheme Participants
               All of the participants under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are employee participants
               as defined under Rule 17.03A(1)(a) of the Listing Rules, including the directors,
               senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact on the
               Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of the
               Company.


          3.   Number of Granted Options and the Basis of Determining the Exercise Price of
               the Share Options
               A total of 233,896,200 A share options were granted to 3,089 participants on 20 January
               2023, and the exercise price was RMB11.99 per share, which was determined with
               reference to the highest of the following and shall not be lower than the nominal
               amount of the A shares:


               (1)   the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the trading day
                     preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 13 December 2022) which
                     is RMB11.82; and


               (2)   one of the average trading prices of the A shares of the Company for 20 trading
                     days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the proposal
                     announcement.




46
                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Interim Report 2024




                                                 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The adjustment details for the exercise price of share options since the implementation
of the 2022 Incentive Scheme are as follows:


•     Since 16 June 2023, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
      distribution plan for 2022, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
      RMB11.81/A share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
      please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
      Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option Incentive
      Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2023-050) disclosed on the
      websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 8 June 2023.


•     Since 18 September 2023, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
      distribution plan for 2023, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
      RMB11.76/A share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
      please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
      Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option Incentive
      Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2023-080) disclosed on the
      websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 8 September 2023.


•     Since 13 June 2024, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
      distribution plan for 2023, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
      RMB11.66/A share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
      please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
      Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option Incentive
      Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2024-042) disclosed on the
      websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 4 June 2024.


The closing price of the Company’s A shares on the date immediately before the grant
date of the 2022 Incentive Scheme was RMB11.37 per share. Within any 12-month
period, none of the participants were granted or will be granted options and awards in
aggregate exceeding 1% of the total issued A shares of the Company under all effective
share schemes of the Company. Details of the maximum entitlement (i.e. A share
options) that each director and senior management of the Company may be granted
under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are set out in the Company’s circular disclosed on
the website of the Stock Exchange on 4 January 2023, and the maximum entitlement
that can be granted to each other individual participant shall not be higher than the
maximum entitlement limit of the above-mentioned ones. No amount is payable by
the participants on application or acceptance of the A share options under the 2022
Incentive Scheme.




                                                                                                47
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          4.   Validity period, vesting period and exercise period
               The 2022 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the share options
               were granted (i.e. 20 January 2023), and end on the date on which all the share options
               granted to the participants have been exercised or cancelled, and for no more than
               60 months, i.e. until January 2028 with three years and three months remaining. The
               vesting period of the respective portions are 24 months, 36 months and 48 months
               from the date on which the share options were granted.


               As of the end of the reporting period, the total number of securities issuable under the
               2022 Incentive Scheme was 233,455,400 shares, representing approximately 2.23% of
               the total issued shares of the Company then.


               Since the 2022 Incentive Scheme was adopted on 20 January 2023, and given that all
               the 233,896,200 A share options available for grant under the 2022 Incentive Scheme
               were granted on 20 January 2023 (and no share award is available for grant under the
               2022 Incentive Scheme), the number of options and awards available for grant under
               the scheme mandate of the 2022 Incentive Scheme at the beginning and the end of
               the reporting period were both 0. As no service provider is eligible to be a participant
               under the 2022 Incentive Scheme, the service provider sublimit is not applicable to the
               2022 Incentive Scheme.




48
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Interim Report 2024




                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The exercise periods and exercise schedule for the share options are as follows:

Exercise                                                                       Exercisable
arrangement       Exercise period                                               proportion
First exercise    Commencing from the first trading day after expiry                     20%
  period           of the 24-month period from the grant date and
                   ending on the last trading day of the 36-month
                   period from the grant date
Second exercise   Commencing from the first trading day after expiry                     40%
  period           of the 36-month period from the grant date and
                   ending on the last trading day of the 48-month
                   period from the grant date
Third exercise    Commencing from the first trading day after expiry                     40%
  period           of the 48-month period from the grant date and
                   ending on the last trading day of the 60-month
                   period from the grant date


The participants shall complete the exercise of the share options within the relevant
exercise period. If the exercise conditions are not satisfied, the A share options for
the corresponding period shall not become exercisable. If the exercise conditions are
satisfied but not all of the relevant A share options for that period have been exercised,
the remaining A share options shall lapse automatically and shall be cancelled by the
Company.


During the reporting period, there were no A share options or restricted shares
available for grant in accordance with the scheme mandate limit and service provider
sublimit respectively defined under Rule 17.03(3) of the Listing Rules.


The details of the A share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme for (i) directors and
senior management and (ii) other employee participants during the reporting period
are as follows:




                                                                                                   49
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             A share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme


                                                                                                                         Unit: share(s) (A share) Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                            average
                                                                                         Number                         Shares                                         closing price
                                                                                       of A share                   issued upon     Number       Number                 immediately
                                                                        Number of        options    Number of A        exercise   of A share   of A share                before the
                                                                     outstanding A         newly    share options    of A share     options      options    Exercise dates on which      Number of A
                                                                     share options       granted      exercisable       options   cancelled       lapsed    price of    the A share     share options
                                                                        held at the    during the     during the     during the   during the   during the   A share    options were    held at the end
                                                                   beginning of the     reporting       reporting     reporting    reporting    reporting   options       exercised of the reporting
             Name            Position/Type of Participants         reporting period       period          period         period      period       period      (RMB)           (RMB)            period

             Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager                   500,000            0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A           500,000
             Yan Zhuangli    Deputy General Manager                         450,000            0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A           450,000
             Deng Lei        Non-executive director, chairwoman             425,000            0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A           425,000
                                of the labour union
             Wang Dan        Chief accountant and person in                 450,000            0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A           450,000
                                charge of accounting function
             Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager                         450,000            0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A           450,000
             Jiang Xiuyun    Deputy General Manager                         450,000            0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A           450,000
             Yu Jun          Deputy General Manager                         450,000            0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A           450,000
             Zheng Heng      Deputy General Manager                         450,000            0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A           450,000
             Xia Xianqing    Deputy General Manager                         450,000            0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A           450,000
             Liu Xiangneng Secretary to the Board and                       230,000            0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A           230,000
                                company secretary
                             2020 Incentive Scheme middle                229,150,400           0               0             0            0            0        N/A             N/A        229,150,400
                                level and other core businesses,
                                technical and management
                                key personnel (i.e. 3,073 other
                                employee participants in total)
                             Total (together with that of               233,455,400            0               0             0            0            0           –               –       233,455,400
                                the Directors and Senior
                                Management): 3,083



             During the reporting period, the Company has granted 0 share option and 0 share
             award under all its existing share schemes. Therefore, for the purpose of Rule 17.07(3)
             of the Listing Rules, the number of shares that may be issued in respect of options
             and awards granted under all schemes of the Company during the reporting period,
             as divided by the weighted average number of A shares in issue during the reporting
             period is 0.



50
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024




                                                                  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



VII. CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL
   On 29 February 2024, pursuant to the relevant requirements of the 2020 A share option and
   restricted share incentive scheme, the Company repurchased and cancelled the restricted A shares
   held by ineligible participants that failed to meet the conditions due to unusual changes, with a
   total of 3,330,156 restricted A shares. During the reporting period, a total of 13,560 A share options
   were exercised by participants, resulting in an increase of 13,560 A shares in the Company’s share
   capital.



VIII. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS FROM NON-PUBLIC ISSUANCE OF
      A SHARES
   The non-public issuance of A shares of the Company was completed in November 2017 (details of
   which are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 17 November 2017).


   The shares issued under the non-public issuance of A shares are RMB denominated ordinary shares (A
   shares) with a nominal value of RMB1.00 per share listed on the SSE. The number of shares issued
   was 753,390,254 shares with an issue price of RMB19.91/A share. The net price to the Company of
   each security was RMB19.80. The five target subscribers for the non-public issuance of A shares
   are Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd., Guangzhou State-
   owned Assets Development Holdings Co., Ltd., GFHAM Wealth Management Select No.3 Private
   Investment Fund, Guangzhou Light Industry and Trade Group Co., Ltd. and Suiyong Holdings
   Co., Ltd. The closing price of A shares under the non-public issuance of A shares on 17 October
   2017, being the date on which the Company received the relevant approval from the CSRC, was
   RMB19.03.


   The actual amount of gross proceeds raised was RMB14,999,999,957.14 and the actual amount
   of net proceeds raised, after deducting the issuance expenses of RMB83,050,000.00 was
   RMB14,916,949,957.14.


   Proceeds from non-public issuance of A shares facilitated the comprehensive and sustainable
   development of the Company’s business. The implementation of the investment projects using
   the proceeds from the non-public issuance, on one hand, further strengthened the research and
   development capability of the Company’s self-developed brands, promoted the establishment of
   its range of self-developed brands and enriched the product mix under such brands, while on the
   other hand, enabled the Company to keep abreast of future trend in new energy development of
   the vehicle industry, laying a solid foundation for the Company to seize a share in the new energy
   vehicle market. In addition, the proceeds from the non-public issuance optimised the Company’s
   capital structure and lowered the gearing ratio, which reduced the Company’s financial risk and
   cost of debt financing.




                                                                                                                 51
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised as at 30 June 2024 are set out below:



       AS AT 30 JUNE 2024
       As at 30 June 2024, the amount of proceeds carried forward was RMB629,254,990.79 whereas the
       total cumulative amount of utilised proceeds was approximately RMB12,966,913,300 (inclusive of
       issuance expenses). Save for the items 7.9 and 7.10 specified below, there was no inconsistency
       between the utilisation of the proceeds and the original intended use.


       Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised are set out below:


                                                                                 Unit: 0'000    Currency: RMB


                                                            Total
                                                      amount of
                                                    investment
                                                   commitment        Amount
                                                       from the     invested     Cumulative     Estimated
                                                       proceeds       for this      amount      time of
       No.      Investment project                        raised    half year      invested     completion
       1        New energy vehicles and R&D of        480,000.00          0.00    479,422.30    Completed
                  prospective technology project
       2        GAEI phase 1 base expansion            60,000.00          0.00     50,743.99    Completed
                  project
       3        GAEI phase 2 base construction        100,000.00          0.00     76,518.68    Completed
                  project
       4        GAC proprietary brand project of       80,000.00          0.00     22,782.95    Completed
                  Xinjiang
       5        GAC improvement project of            220,000.00          0.00     152,350.38   Completed
                  Hangzhou
       6        GAC proprietary brands                250,000.00          0.00     212,165.22   Completed
                  technological reformation
                  project
       7        GAC proprietary brands vehicle        215,000.00          0.00    201,784.36    Completed
                  models projects
       7.1      GAMC A16 project                       20,000.00          0.00     18,780.34    Completed
       7.2      GAMC A35 project                       35,000.00          0.00     32,329.64    Completed
       7.3      GAMC A5H project                       30,000.00          0.00     30,547.98    Completed
       7.4      GAMC A10 project                       40,000.00          0.00      36,841.51   Completed
       7.5      GAMC A30 project                        15,000.00         0.00     15,000.00    Completed




52
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024




                                                                     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                        Total
                                                  amount of
                                                 investment
                                               commitment         Amount
                                                    from the     invested      Cumulative       Estimated
                                                   proceeds        for this        amount       time of
No.       Investment project                           raised    half year        invested      completion
7.6       GAMC A32 project                          10,000.00          0.00       10,000.00     Completed
7.7       GAMC A06 project                          35,000.00          0.00        35,140.89    Completed
7.8       GAMC A7M project                         30,000.00           0.00       23,144.00     Completed
7.9       GAMC A66 project                               0.00          0.00             0.00    September
                                                  (37,733.79)*                                      2025
7.10      GAMC T68 project                               0.00          0.00             0.00    September
                                                 (24,424.00)*                                       2025
8         GAMC engine project                      50,000.00           0.00        48,581.73    Completed
9         GAMC gearbox project                     30,000.00           0.00       29,036.72     Completed
10        P6 gearbox development project            15,000.00          0.00       15,000.00     Completed
          Issuance expenses                                  –         0.00        8,305.00     –
          Total                                1,500,000.00           0.00     1,296,691.33



*      As at 28 March 2024, as approved by the 60th meeting of the sixth session of the Board and the 19th

       meeting of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company, the Company proposed to

       change the unused remaining proceeds (including interest and cash management revenue) of a total

       of approximately RMB621.5779 million of the original fund-raising project “GAC proprietary brand project

       of Xinjiang” to the new fund-raising project “GAC proprietary brands vehicle models projects”, i.e. “A66

       project” under item 7.9 and “T68 project” under item 7.10. The partial change in fund-raising investment

       projects has been approved by shareholders at the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company.


For further information on the utilisation of proceeds raised from the non-public issuance, please
refer to the “Specific Report on the Deposit of the Proceeds and the Utilisation of the Proceeds by
Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. for the First Half of 2024” published by the Company on 30
August 2024 by way of overseas regulatory announcement.




                                                                                                                     53
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     IX. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
          During the reporting period, the Company has complied with the code provisions under the
          Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.


          The Company has adopted the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
          Issuers” (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. After making specific
          enquiries with all directors by the Company, all directors have confirmed that they have fully
          complied with the Model Code throughout the reporting period.



     X.   TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO PRINCIPAL JOINT VENTURES
          At the time of listing of the Company, the Stock Exchange granted a conditional waiver from
          strict compliance with the requirements of Chapters 14 and 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of
          immaterial joint ventures. The Company is required to review whether the immaterial joint ventures
          met the conditions in the waiver on a yearly basis. The principal joint ventures of the Company are
          GAC Toyota, GAC Honda, and GAC-SOFINCO, calculated based on the financial statements for the
          year ended 31 December 2023.


          As at 31 December 2023, calculated based on the proportion of shareholdings of the Group in the
          joint ventures, the total liabilities and total revenues of jointly controlled entities amounted to
          RMB69,307,000,000 and RMB134,215,000,000 respectively, which will be used in the calculation of
          waivers granted by the Stock Exchange to the Company in respect of asset and revenue ratios.




54
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024




                                                                 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



XI. OTHER DISCLOSURES

   1.   POSSIBLE RISKS
        Macro-environmental level
        The global economy is showing a moderate recovery, but still faces a number of uncertainties
        and risk factors, including geopolitical conflicts, general elections in major economies, and
        other events that will result in increased instability. The overall economic operation of China
        remains stable with steady progress, continuing the trend of recovery and upturn. However,
        the unfavorable impact of the ever-changing external environment is increasing, namely the
        insufficient effective domestic demand, the divergence in economic operation, and relatively
        numerous risks and hidden dangers in key areas, as well as pains in the transformation from
        obsolete to emerging driving forces.


        Industry level
        The automotive market in China has entered a development phase of moderate to low
        growth, coupled with the accelerating involution of the industry, leading to a more
        pronounced structural differentiation: the differentiation between NEVs and traditional fuel
        vehicles is accelerating, with the penetration rate of NEVs rising rapidly and the market
        share of fuel vehicles continuously shrinking; the market share of self-developed brands in
        passenger vehicles continues to rise, while the market share of joint venture brands is further
        squeezed; the domestic market has fallen into a quagmire of price wars with weak growth;
        and automobile exports have continued to grow rapidly, becoming the main driving force
        for industry increment, but the risk factors of trade frictions and tariff barriers have become
        increasingly conspicuous.


        Company level
        For the Group, it currently faces the following major issues and challenges:


        (1)   Sales and production of joint venture brands are declining. The Group’s existing
              joint ventures for manufacture of vehicles are all Japanese brands. The market share of
              Japanese brands, which mainly produce fuel vehicles, has generally shown a downward
              trend in recent years.


        (2)   The pace of international expansion still needs to be accelerated. In terms of
              scale, both of the absolute export quantity and export proportion of self-developed
              brands under the Group are significantly underperforming the industry average. From
              a perspective of structure, overseas sales of self-developed brands are still dominated
              by vehicle exports, the product structure of which is relatively single. Localised
              production is in its infancy and has not yet formed large-scale output.




                                                                                                                55
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          (3)   Sales capability remains to be improved. Our marketing mindset has failed to
                keep pace with the trends of the new media era, and our pursuit for digital marketing
                transformation has been neither swift nor thorough enough. Most brands still rely on
                traditional distribution channels, in which the implementation of “direct connection,
                direct service, and direct operation” is not fully in place.


          In response to the above problems and challenges, the Group will implement the following
          countermeasures:


          (1)   The joint ventures will make full use of the bilateral resources of shareholders to
                deepen cooperation in product development, supply chain, sales channels, etc., while
                accelerating the transformation to intellectualisation and electrification to promote
                local development, so as to forge even more competitive products that better
                cater to the demands of domestic customers. GAC Toyota will accelerate the joint
                development of vehicle models, carry out enhancements for models such as Bozhi,
                Levin, Frontlander, while expanding its lineup of electrified products. GAC Honda’s
                new energy vehicle plant is scheduled to be put into production within this year
                to strengthen its matrix of electrified models, promote the development of models
                adapted to the localised development, and carry out independent amelioration of
                Accord, Odyssey and other models.


          (2)   The Group will promote its research on product portfolio and technical routes
                in overseas markets with an global vision, and continue to improve the market
                adaptability and product advancement of overseas models. In the second half of the
                year, the Group will propel the development and mass production of overseas versions
                for six products to consummate the overseas product matrix. The Group will proactively
                tap into international cooperation resources and rapidly expand its channel network in
                the international market, striving to add more than 100 new outlets in the second half
                of the year and more than 200 new outlets throughout the year. The Group will also
                deepen the localised operations including KD production, continuously optimise the
                operation and management of CKD plant in Malaysia and GAC AION’s Thailand factory,
                so as to strengthen its localised operational ability in overseas markets.


          (3)   Through the establishment and refinement of new media matrix and a linkage
                mechanism for higher traffic at a group-wide level, the Group will conduct in-
                depth exploration of building a KOL and KOC (key opinion leaders and consumers)
                team to facilitate the conversion of increased traffic into orders. The Group will also
                consummate the design and content operation of its branded mobile application,
                fully leveraging the key role of mobile application in marketing and service fields,
                and driving services continuously to extend to a multitude of scenarios throughout
                customers’ driving journey, which provide fresh experiences for value-added services
                and create new connection points to access services.

56
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Interim Report 2024




                                                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



2.   PRODUCTION SAFETY
     During the reporting period, GAC Group consistently upheld the philosophy of “to address
     problems on both symptoms and root causes by giving priority to people and safety, so
     as to achieve a scientific development”. In accordance with the control indicator plan for
     annual production safety target approved by the Board at the beginning of the year, the
     Group closely focused on the work emphases on production safety and promoted the
     strict implementation of the main responsibility of production safety by all enterprises,
     on the basis of refining the regulatory framework system in the field of new energy such
     as safety management standards for production, with the intensified implementation of
     double prevention as the core and the production safety target management system as the
     foothold. In accordance with the work procedures of supervision, guidance and service, the
     Group will continue to promote the strict implementation of the main responsibility of safety
     production by all investment enterprises, and promote the synchronisation of enterprise
     production safety management and business development. During the reporting period,
     the Group and each investment enterprise had experienced no major (or above) production
     safety accidents, and its production safety remained stable and was in an orderly manner.


     In the second half of 2024, the Group will continue to pay close and serious attention to
     safety and strictly implement objective management for production safety in accordance
     with procedures of “supervision, guidance and service”, supervise and urge investment
     enterprises to implement the responsibility system of production safety for all employees,
     safety risk management and control by classification, as well as the investigation and
     governance of hidden dangers, publicise and implement the standard system of production
     safety management for the Group’s businesses in new energy and ecosystem segments
     effectively, put more emphases on the management of production safety compliance and
     information report, seize the three-year action work for production safety by tackling the
     root cause, improve the abilities of meteorological warning and disaster defence, strengthen
     propaganda education and training on production safety, and push each investment
     enterprise to earnestly perform the main responsibility for enterprise production safety,
     thereby ensuring the tasks for regulating production safety targets of the Group.



3.   SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT HELD, MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND
     DISPOSAL
     Save as disclosed in the most recent published annual report of the Group for the year ended
     31 December 2023, the Group has not had any significant investments and has not conducted
     any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the
     reporting period.




                                                                                                             57
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       4.   FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR ACQUISITION OF
            CAPITAL ASSETS
            Save as disclosed in the most recent published annual report of the Group for the year
            ended 31 December 2023, the Group does not have any specific future plans for material
            investments or acquisition of capital assets.



       5.   REMUNERATION AND LEGAL RIGHTS OF EMPLOYEES
            As at 30 June 2024, there are 90,077 registered employees in the Group (including its
            investee enterprises).


            Taking into account of various factors, such as industry attributes, economic benefits and
            levels of employee remuneration, the Group continuously improved and optimised the
            remuneration distribution system. Besides, the Group attached importance to maintaining
            the market competitiveness of its remuneration level, and reviewed the remuneration level
            through the research and analysis on market salary and in light of industry benchmarking,
            so as to ensure that the remuneration system plays an incentive role in retaining talents.
            The Group advocated the implementation of performance-linked remuneration policy
            and continuously improved the corporate performance appraisal mechanism, individual
            performance appraisal measures, and employee promotion system, and formulated
            performance-linked remuneration policies that are both incentivising and binding.


            The Group strictly complies with the national, provincial and municipal laws and regulations
            on labor protection and provides employees with competitive remuneration and a wide
            range of welfare benefits, including housing provident fund, supplementary medical
            insurance, enterprise annuity, health check-up, etc., to safeguard and protect the rights and
            interests of employees and their health in multiple aspects. At the same time, the Group
            encourages its investee enterprises to further enhance the flexibility and security of their
            employee welfare systems.


            In the first half of 2024, the Group continuously promoted working methods with GAC’s
            characteristics, carrying out the recruitment of lecturers for management and backbone
            levels through 232 training sessions with 2,565 individuals trained; built a national skilled
            talent training platform, which was recognised as the 2023 National Skilled Personnel Training
            Base by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security; forged a skilled workforce and
            carried out the first autonomous reviews on senior technicians, with 6 senior technicians
            selected; built a craftsman talent training base, applied to become the Guangdong Institute
            of Craftsman, and was recommended by the Guangdong Provincial Federation of Trade
            Unions to apply for the accreditation as a national craftsman college; promoted the training
            of international talents, held the first phase of special training courses for international
            talents, and adopted the “dual line” training model to cultivate 63 international talents, which
            provided talent support for the Group’s international development.



58
                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                              Interim Report 2024




                                                      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



6.   PLEDGE OF ASSETS
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group had inventories of RMB2,234,643,462, fixed assets of
     RMB8,777,483 and intangible assets of RMB43,584,242 and long-term receivables of
     RMB6,598,213,154, respectively, which were pledged as collaterals for borrowings.




                                                                                                    59
      Chapter 5

      CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS
     I.   CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: share


                                                                    Before change                    Increase/decrease in the change (+, -)                         After change
                                                                                                                Conversion
                                                                                                                      from
                                                                                             Issue             contributed
                                                                              Percentage    of new   Bonus          capital                                                 Percentage
                                                                  Number             (%)    shares    issue         surplus         Others     Subtotal         Number              (%)

          I. Restricted shares                                  29,378,506           0.28                                         -3,330,156   -3,330,156     26,048,350            0.25
             1. State-owned shares
             2. Shares held by state-owned legal person
             3. Shares held by other domestic entities          29,378,506           0.28                                         -3,330,156   -3,330,156     26,048,350            0.25
                 Including: Shares held by domestic non-
                                state-owned legal persons
                              Shares held by domestic
                                natural persons                 29,378,506           0.28                                         -3,330,156   -3,330,156     26,048,350            0.25
             4. Shares held by foreign entities
                 Including: Shares held by overseas legal
                                persons
                              Shares held by overseas
                                natural persons
          II. Non-restricted tradable shares                 10,460,855,908         99.72                                            13,560       13,560 10,460,869,468            99.75
             1. RMB-denominated ordinary shares               7,362,235,603         70.18                                            13,560       13,560    7,362,249,163          70.20
             2. Domestically-listed foreign shares
             3. Overseas listed foreign shares                3,098,620,305         29.54                                                                   3,098,620,305          29.55
             4. Others
          III. Total shares                                  10,490,234,414          100                                          -3,316,596   -3,316,596 10,486,917,818            100


          Explanation on changes in shares


          During the reporting period, pursuant to the relevant requirements of the 2020 A share option and
          restricted share incentive scheme, the Company repurchased and cancelled 3,330,156 restricted
          shares granted to ineligible participants that failed to meet the conditions due to unusual changes.
          A total of 13,560 share options were exercised by participants, resulting in an increase of 13,560
          shares.




60
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024




CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



II.   PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF
      THE COMPANY
      According to the restricted shares granted to participants by the Company under the 2020 A
      share option and restricted share incentive scheme, and due to position changes, retirement and
      resignation of certain participants which resulted in their ineligibility for the conditions for grant,
      the Company repurchased and cancelled a total of 3,330,156 restricted A shares on 29 February
      2024.


      The resolution on the repurchase plan of shares through centralised bidding was passed at the
      Company’s 2023 annual general meeting held on 20 May 2024. Pursuant to this repurchase
      mandate, the Company repurchased A shares and H shares simultaneously on 28 June 2024,
      among which a total of 1,930,000 A shares were repurchased at the aggregate consideration
      of RMB14,998,342, and consequently, the Company had an increase of 1,930,000 A shares as its
      treasury shares. Meanwhile, a total of 4,310,000 H shares were repurchased at the aggregate
      consideration of HK$12,018,460, and all such repurchased H shares were fully cancelled on 15
      August 2024.


      Save as disclosed above, the Company has not redeemed any of its listed securities during the
      reporting period. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of the
      listed securities of the Company during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                     61
     CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



     III. SHARE INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AND
          OTHER PERSONS
       As at 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of the persons (other than directors and
       supervisors) interested in 5% or more of the respective classes of issued capital, as recorded in the
       register of interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO are set
       out below:


                                                                                         Percentage in    Percentage
                                                                                           the class of            of
                                  Class of                               Number of        issued share    total share
       Name                       shares        Capacity                shares(Note 1)      capital (%)   capital (%)

       GAIG(Note 2)               A shares      Beneficial          5,206,932,069(L)             70.48          49.65
                                                owner
                                  H shares      Interest of            301,228,000(L)              9.72          2.87
                                                a controlled
                                                corporation
       Hong Zejun                 H shares      Beneficial               155,250,000               5.01          1.48
            （洪澤君）                               owner



       Notes:

       1.       (L) – Long Position, (S) – Short Position, (P) – Lending Pool.



       2.       As at 30 June 2024, the total number of A shares of the Company actually held by GAIG was 5,206,932,069

                shares, representing approximately 70.48% of the A share capital of the Company. At the same time,

                through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong

                Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary), GAIG held 301,228,000 H shares of the Company in total,

                representing approximately 9.72% of the H share capital of the Company. The total number of A and H

                shares of the Company held by GAIG was 5,508,160,069 shares, representing approximately 52.52% of the

                total share capital of the Company.




62
                                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2024



 Chapter 6

 PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
I.    CHANGES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
      MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY
      On 23 February 2024, upon election at the Company’s employee representative meeting, Ms.
      Zhu Chun was appointed as a staff supervisor of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee
      of the Company, for a tenure ending on the expiry of the term of office of the sixth session of
      the Supervisory Committee of the Company. Ms. Wang Lu ceased to be a staff supervisor of the
      Supervisory Committee of the Company as she has reached the retirement age.




II.   INTERESTS OF INCUMBENT AND RESIGNED DIRECTORS,
      SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT IN SHARES
      DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
      As at 30 June 2024, the interests or short positions of the incumbent and resigned directors,
      supervisors and senior management of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and
      debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the SFO),
      which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
      7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which he/she was deemed or
      taken to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of
      the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the
      Model Code under the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were
      as follows:


                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                         interests in
                                                                                         underlying
                                                                             Number      Shares held                    Percentage in
                                                   Class of                 of shares   under equity                the class of issued       Percentage of
      Name            Position                     shares     Capacity          held     derivatives       Total         share capital    total share capital

      Zeng Qinghong   Chairman and Party Secretary A Shares   Beneficiary     398,300              0    398,300                0.0054%               0.0038%
                                                              owner
      Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager A Shares   Beneficiary     690,933        674,000    1,364,933              0.0185%               0.0130%
                                                              owner
      Chen Xiaomu     Director and Deputy Party    A Shares   Beneficiary      97,367              0      97,367               0.0013%              0.0009%
                      Secretary                               owner
                                                   H Shares   Beneficiary     98,000               0     98,000                0.0032%              0.0009%
                                                              owner




                                                                                                                                                                63
     PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                                        interests in
                                                                                                        underlying
                                                                                           Number       Shares held                    Percentage in
                                                                 Class of                 of shares    under equity                the class of issued       Percentage of
        Name                     Position                        shares     Capacity          held      derivatives       Total         share capital    total share capital

        Deng Lei                 Staff Director and chairman of A Shares    Beneficiary     229,620         501,980     731,600               0.0099%              0.0070%
                                 the labour union                           owner
        Wang Yuan                Staff supervisor                A Shares   Beneficiary      25,160          161,000     186,160              0.0025%               0.0018%
                                                                            owner
        Zhu Chun (inaugural on   Staff supervisor                A Shares   Beneficiary      151,627        256,940     408,567               0.0055%               0.0039%
           26 February 2024)                                                owner
                                                                 H Shares   Beneficiary       2,000               0       2,000               0.0001%               0.0001%
                                                                            owner
        Yan Zhuangli             Deputy General Manager          A Shares   Beneficiary    260,000          606,000    866,000                 0.0117%              0.0083%
                                                                            owner
        Wang Dan                 Chief accountant and person in A Shares    Beneficiary     654,968         606,000    1,260,968               0.0171%              0.0120%
                                 charge of accounting function              owner
        Gao Rui                  Deputy General Manager          A Shares   Beneficiary     168,000         546,000     714,000               0.0097%              0.0068%
                                                                            owner
        Jiang Xiuyun             Deputy General Manager          A Shares   Beneficiary           0         450,000    450,000                0.0061%               0.0043%
                                                                            owner
        Yu Jun                   Deputy General Manager          A Shares   Beneficiary    343,000          597,000    940,000                0.0127%              0.0090%
                                                                            owner
        Zheng Heng               Deputy General Manager          A Shares   Beneficiary     350,979         597,000     947,979               0.0128%              0.0090%
                                                                            owner
        Xia Xianqing             Deputy General Manager          A Shares   Beneficiary     183,800         597,000    780,800                0.0106%              0.0074%
                                                                            owner
        Liu Xiangneng            Secretary of the Board and      A Shares   Beneficiary      53,880         283,880     337,760               0.0046%               0.0032%
                                 company secretary                          owner



        Note: For good practice of corporate governance, interests of senior management (other than the chief

                    executive) in the Company are also disclosed in the above table.




64
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Interim Report 2024




PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT



  Save as disclosed above, so far as the directors of the Company are aware, as at 30 June 2024, none
  of the directors, supervisors or senior management of the Company had any interests or short
  positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
  corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the
  Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
  the interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of
  the SFO), or which were required to be recorded in the register required to be kept as referred to
  in section 352 of the SFO or were otherwise required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
  Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                                              65
     Chapter 7

     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



       CONDENSED
       CONSOLIDATED
       INTERIM FINANCIAL
       INFORMATION




66
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Interim Report 2024



Chapter 7

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                                     Unaudited              Audited
                                                                       30 June         31 December
                                                                          2024                2023
                                                             Note     RMB’000              RMB’000


ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                 5      26,011,522           24,929,595
Investment properties                                         5       1,135,596            1,061,628
Intangible assets                                             5      16,386,534           16,469,701
Right-of-use assets                                           6       8,896,060            8,513,148
Investments in joint ventures and associates                  7      30,016,472           37,159,868
Deferred income tax assets                                    8       4,923,839            4,366,130
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                      9       9,100,966            5,094,366
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         9       2,362,969            2,363,512
Prepayments and other long-term receivables                          16,658,707           17,380,185


                                                                    115,492,665         117,338,133


Current assets
Inventories                                                  10      17,887,169           16,720,313
Trade and other receivables                                  11      25,361,653           26,778,700
Financial assets at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                        9      12,905,940            5,634,369
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         9       2,784,919            2,790,794
Time deposits                                                        12,085,145            6,825,347
Restricted cash                                                       2,286,621            2,838,783
Cash and cash equivalents                                            27,535,264           39,522,331


                                                                    100,846,711         101,110,637


Total assets                                                        216,339,376         218,448,770


EQUITY
Share capital                                                12      10,486,918           10,490,234
Reserves                                                             47,391,025           47,317,286
Retained earnings                                                    58,434,314           57,966,657


Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company          116,312,257         115,774,177
Non-controlling interests                                             8,502,818           8,679,635


Total equity                                                        124,815,075         124,453,812

                                                                                                            67
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



                                                                                Unaudited           Audited
                                                                                  30 June      31 December
                                                                                     2024             2023
                                                                   Note          RMB’000           RMB’000


      LIABILITIES
      Non-current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                      13          1,475,621         1,424,654
      Borrowings                                                    14         11,118,403        10,384,250
      Lease liabilities                                              6          1,705,242         1,484,772
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                8            368,048           240,007
      Provisions                                                                1,041,432         1,030,490
      Government grants                                                         2,064,677         2,110,959
      Contract liabilities                                                        125,606           125,606


                                                                               17,899,029        16,800,738


      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                      13         48,435,539        55,742,477
      Contract liabilities                                                      1,991,418         2,520,615
      Current income tax liabilities                                              139,210           203,862
      Borrowings                                                    14         22,203,936        17,731,673
      Lease liabilities                                              6            422,086           449,688
      Provisions                                                                  433,083           545,905


                                                                               73,625,272        77,194,220


      Total liabilities                                                        91,524,301        93,994,958


      Net assets                                                              124,815,075       124,453,812


      Total equity and liabilities                                            216,339,376       218,448,770


     The above condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




68
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                       Six months ended 30 June

                                                                            2024                   2023
                                                                Note     RMB’000                RMB’000


Revenue                                                          4      46,255,051            61,911,005
Cost of sales                                                          (44,102,599)          (59,936,261)


Gross profit                                                             2,152,452             1,974,744


Selling and distribution costs                                          (2,829,888)            (2,569,137)
Administrative expenses                                                 (2,527,780)            (2,514,906)
Net impairment losses on financial assets                                 (210,013)              (222,063)
Interest income                                                            108,298                 51,630
Other gains – net                                                        2,547,965                243,711


Operating loss                                                  15        (758,966)            (3,036,021)


Interest income                                                            242,271               305,625
Finance costs                                                   16        (323,806)             (200,535)
Share of profits less losses of joint ventures and associates   7        2,010,925             5,300,499


Profit before income tax                                                 1,170,424             2,369,568


Income tax credit                                               17          45,437               255,749


Profit for the period                                                    1,215,861             2,625,317


Profit attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                    1,516,347             2,966,171
Non-controlling interests                                                 (300,486)             (340,854)


                                                                         1,215,861             2,625,317




                                                                                                               69
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                            Note     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Other comprehensive income


      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
         – exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                    39,366            6,543
         – changes in the fair value of debt instruments at fair value
              through other comprehensive income                                        35,340           17,261
         – impairment loss on debt instruments at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                                                 38,996            5,854
      Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
         – changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value
              through other comprehensive income                                       101,993          (14,975)


      Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                            215,695           14,683


      Total comprehensive income for the period                                      1,431,556        2,640,000


      Total comprehensive income attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                          1,717,350        2,979,125
      Non-controlling interests                                                       (285,794)        (339,125)


                                                                                     1,431,556        2,640,000


      Earnings per share for profit attributable to the ordinary
       equity holders of the Company
       (expressed in RMB per share)
       – basic                                                              18            0.14                0.28


        – diluted                                                           18            0.14                0.28


     The above condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with
     the accompanying notes.
70
                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                Unaudited

                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                               Non-
                                                                           Retained                      controlling        Total
                                          Share capital     Reserves       earnings           Total        interests       equity
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


Balance as at 1 January 2024                10,490,234     47,317,286    57,966,657     115,774,177       8,679,635    124,453,812


Comprehensive income
Profit/(loss) for the period                          –            –      1,516,347         1,516,347      (300,486)     1,215,861
Other comprehensive income, net of tax                –      201,003              –           201,003        14,692        215,695


Total comprehensive income                            –      201,003      1,516,347         1,717,350      (285,794)     1,431,556


Transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners
Dividend declared by the Company and
  subsidiaries                                        –             –     (1,048,690)    (1,048,690)       (108,294)    (1,156,984)
Repurchase of ordinary shares                         –       (25,988)             –        (25,988)              –        (25,988)
Employee share scheme
  – Proceeds from shares issued                      14           112              –             126              –            126
Repurchase of restricted shares                  (3,330)        3,330              –               –              –              –
Others                                                –      (104,718)             –         (104,718)      217,271        112,553


Total transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners                             (3,316)     (127,264)    (1,048,690)    (1,179,270)        108,977     (1,070,293)


Balance as at 30 June 2024                  10,486,918     47,391,025    58,434,314     116,312,257       8,502,818    124,815,075




                                                                                                                                       71
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                                                      Unaudited

                                                          Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                    Non-
                                                                                 Retained                     controlling        Total
                                                Share capital     Reserves       earnings           Total       interests       equity
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


      Balance as at 1 January 2023                10,487,164     46,750,366    56,066,781     113,304,311      9,027,144    122,331,455


      Comprehensive income
      Profit/(loss) for the period                          –             –     2,966,171         2,966,171     (340,854)     2,625,317
      Other comprehensive income, net of tax                –        12,954             –            12,954        1,729         14,683


      Total comprehensive income                            –        12,954     2,966,171         2,979,125     (339,125)     2,640,000


      Transactions with owners in their
        capacity as owners
      Dividend declared by the Company and
        subsidiaries                                        –             –     (1,887,125)    (1,887,125)       (73,725)    (1,960,850)
      Employee share scheme
        – Proceeds from shares issued                   4,348        37,146              –          41,494             –        41,494
      Repurchase of restricted shares                  (7,328)        7,328              –               –             –             –
      Others                                                –        57,786              –          57,786         1,463        59,249


      Total transactions with owners in their
        capacity as owners                             (2,980)     102,260      (1,887,125)    (1,787,845)       (72,262)    (1,860,107)


      Balance as at 30 June 2023                  10,484,184     46,865,580    57,145,827     114,495,591      8,615,757    123,111,348


     The above condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.




72
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2024




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                  Unaudited
                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                    2,005,601               (248,930)
 Interest received                                                             685,649                526,838
 Interest paid                                                                (479,864)              (531,074)
 Income tax paid                                                              (363,365)              (275,198)


Net cash generated from/(used in) in operating activities                    1,848,021               (528,364)


Cash flows from investing activities
 Purchases of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
   intangible assets                                                        (4,782,600)           (4,716,389)
 Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible
   assets                                                                       54,533                  57,991
 Additional capital injection in joint ventures                               (886,500)              (226,617)
 Additional capital injection in associates                                   (215,381)              (600,000)
 Set-up of joint ventures                                                      (28,220)                (74,100)
 Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                             (14,900)                       –
 Set-up of an associate                                                              –                   (2,000)
 Disposal or reduction of capital in joint ventures and associates             295,930                  42,224
 Acquisition of investment on financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss, other comprehensive income and amortised cost           (19,027,081)          (14,572,352)
 Disposal of investment on financial assets at fair value through profit
   or loss, other comprehensive income and amortised cost                    8,985,261            10,724,866
 Proceeds from investment income from financial instruments                    166,846                136,486
 Granting of entrusted loans                                                   (57,814)              (650,000)
 Proceeds from repayment of entrusted loans                                     43,097                117,198
 Receipt of government grants related to assets                                257,941                111,058
 Dividends received                                                         10,054,271            11,505,149
 Increase in time deposits                                                  (5,195,157)            (5,088,683)


Net cash used in investing activities                                      (10,349,774)           (3,235,169)


                                                                                                                    73
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS



                                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                                Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


      Cash flows from financing activities
       Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares under employee share-
         based awards scheme                                                             126              49,638
       Contribution from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                 77,841                   –
       Dividend paid to shareholders of the Company                               (1,048,690)        (1,887,125)
       Dividend paid to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                    (64,572)            (54,688)
       Proceeds from bank borrowings (excluding securitization debts)             15,759,444        20,383,702
       Proceeds from securitization debts                                            132,901          2,757,000
       Proceeds from deposits for financing activities                                 1,355              10,762
       Repayments of bank borrowings (excluding securitization debts)            (16,103,122)      (11,786,154)
       Repayments of securitization debts                                         (2,295,287)        (2,353,046)
       Repayments of bonds                                                                 –         (3,000,000)
       Proceed from repurchasing financial assets                                          –              74,245
       Principal elements of lease payments                                          (78,952)            (50,101)
       Other payments of financing expenses                                          (84,385)               (858)
       Ordinary Share repurchase payment                                             (25,988)                  –


      Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                      (3,729,329)        4,143,375


      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                       (12,231,082)          379,842
       Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                       39,522,331        34,222,113
       Exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents                          244,015             (2,784)


      Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                              27,535,264        34,599,171


     The above condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
     notes.




74
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024




NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
1   GENERAL INFORMATION
    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are
    principally engaged in the manufacturing and sale of automobiles, engines and other automotive parts and
    rendering of financial services. The Company’s holding company is Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group
    Co., Ltd. (“GAIG”), a state-owned enterprise incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


    The registered address of the Company is 23/F, Chengyue Building, No. 448 – No. 458, Dong Feng
    Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, the PRC.


    The Company was established in June 1997 as a limited liability company in the PRC. In June 2005,
    the Company underwent a reorganisation and transformed itself into a joint stock company with limited
    liability under the Company Law of the PRC. The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board
    of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Shanghai Stock Exchange since 30 August 2010 and
    29 March 2012, respectively.


    This condensed consolidated interim financial information is presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB”)
    Yuan, unless otherwise stated. This condensed consolidated interim financial information was approved
    for issue on 30 August 2024.


    This condensed consolidated interim financial information has not been audited.



2   BASIS OF PREPARATION
    This condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2024 has
    been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, ‘Interim financial
    reporting’. The condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all the notes of
    the type normally included in annual financial statements. Accordingly, this information is to be read in
    conjunction with the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2023 which have been prepared in
    accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), and any public announcement
    made by the Company during the interim reporting period.




                                                                                                                     75
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     3   ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         The HKICPA has issued a number of amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective for the current
         accounting period of the Group. Of these, the following developments are relevant to the Group’s financial
         statements:


         •     Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Classification of liabilities as current
               or non-current (“2020 amendments”)

         •     Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Non-current liabilities with covenants
               (“2022 amendments”)

         •     Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback


         •     Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures
               – Supplier finance arrangements

         None of these developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position
         for the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented in this condensed consolidated interim
         financial information. The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective
         for the current accounting period.



     4   SEGMENT INFORMATION
         The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the executive directors. The executive directors
         review the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate resources. Management
         has determined the operating segments based on these reports.


         For management purpose, the executive directors considered the nature of the Group’s products and
         services and determined that the Group has two reportable operating segments as follows:


         Vehicles and related operations segment – production and sale of a variety of passenger vehicles,
         commercial vehicles, automotive parts and related operations.


         Others – mainly production and sale of motorcycles, automobile finance and insurance, other financing
         services and investing business.


         Sales between segments are carried out on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length
         transactions. The revenue from external parties reported to the executive directors is measured in a
         manner consistent with that in the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

76
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



4   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
    During the six months ended 30 June 2024, no revenue from transactions with a single external customer
    counted to 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.

    The segment results for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and other segment items included in the
    interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                             Vehicles
                                                          and related
                                                           operations     Others      Eliminations    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                            RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


    Six months ended 30 June 2024
    Total gross segment revenue                           43,950,178     2,622,121       (317,248)              –      46,255,051
    Inter-segment revenue                                   (154,613)     (162,635)       317,248               –               –


    Revenue (from external customers)                     43,795,565     2,459,486               –              –      46,255,051


    Timing of revenue recognition under HKFRS 15
       – At a point in time                               40,879,626        27,670               –              –      40,907,296
       – Over time                                         2,064,935       393,849               –              –       2,458,784
    Revenue from other sources                               851,004     2,037,967               –              –       2,888,971


    Segment results                                        (2,286,864)   1,536,359         (17,393)             –        (767,898)
    Unallocated income -Interest income of headquarters             –            –               –         96,684          96,684
    Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                 –            –               –        (87,752)        (87,752)


    Operating loss                                                                                                       (758,966)
    Interest income                                           219,886        5,633               –         16,752         242,271
    Finance costs                                            (294,773)      (3,413)              –        (25,620)       (323,806)
    Share of profits less losses of joint ventures and
       associates                                           1,738,461     272,464                –              –       2,010,925


    Profit before income tax                                                                                            1,170,424
    Income tax credit/(expenses)                             300,931      (252,066)              –         (3,428)         45,437


    Profit for the period                                                                                               1,215,861




                                                                                                                                     77
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     4   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
         The segment results for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and other segment items included in the
         interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                                   Vehicles
                                                                and related
                                                                 operations     Others     Eliminations   Unallocated   Consolidated
                                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


         Six months ended 30 June 2023
         Total gross segment revenue                            60,327,675    1,915,156      (331,826)             –     61,911,005
         Inter-segment revenue                                    (160,204)    (171,622)      331,826              –              –


         Revenue (from external customers)                      60,167,471    1,743,534              –             –     61,911,005


         Timing of revenue recognition under HKFRS 15
         – At a point in time                                   56,484,578            –              –             –     56,484,578
         – Over time                                             2,438,099      289,486              –             –      2,727,585
         Revenue from other sources                              1,244,794    1,454,048              –             –      2,698,842


         Segment results                                        (3,111,198)    151,816         (19,119)            –      (2,978,501)
         Unallocated income – Interest income of headquarters            –           –               –        12,310           12,310
         Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                 –           –               –       (69,830)         (69,830)


         Operating loss                                                                                                   (3,036,021)
         Interest income                                           216,628      16,127               –        72,870         305,625
         Finance costs                                            (180,450)      (3,410)             –       (16,675)       (200,535)
         Share of profits less losses of joint ventures and
            associates                                           5,032,488     268,011               –             –      5,300,499


         Profit before income tax                                                                                         2,369,568
         Income tax credit/(expenses)                             289,204       (13,309)             –       (20,146)       255,749


         Profit for the period                                                                                            2,625,317




78
                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



4   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
    The segment assets and liabilities as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 are as follows:


                                                    Vehicles
                                                 and related
                                                  operations        Others    Eliminations    Unallocated Consolidated
                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


    Total assets

    At 30 June 2024                              155,714,703     62,180,542    (60,149,769)    58,593,900   216,339,376


    At 31 December 2023                          169,042,390     62,455,935    (64,396,581)    51,347,026   218,448,770


    Total liabilities

    At 30 June 2024                                94,699,984    49,235,142    (58,604,564)     6,193,739    91,524,301


    At 31 December 2023                            98,928,387    48,469,682    (61,044,223)     7,641,112    93,994,958



5   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND
    INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                          Property, plant           Investment              Intangible
                                                          and equipment              properties                 assets
                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000


    Six months ended 30 June 2024

    Opening net book amount as at 1 January 2024                24,929,595            1,061,628             16,469,701
    Additions                                                    2,835,150                    –              2,735,929
    Transfers                                                     (116,087)             116,087                      –
    Disposals                                                      (57,588)              (6,827)              (141,497)
    Depreciation and amortisation                               (1,579,548)             (35,292)            (2,677,599)


    Closing net book amount as at 30 June 2024                  26,011,522            1,135,596             16,386,534




                                                                                                                            79
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     5   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND
         INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                        Property, plant     Investment        Intangible
                                                        and equipment        properties           assets
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


         Six months ended 30 June 2023

         Opening net book amount as at 1 January 2023      20,760,618       1,019,895       14,471,175
         Additions                                           2,076,160               –        2,662,814
         Transfers                                              (81,730)        81,730                –
         Disposals                                            (453,483)              –                –
         Impairment                                             (28,862)             –                –
         Depreciation and amortisation                      (1,390,709)        (23,671)      (1,904,762)


         Closing net book amount as at 30 June 2023        20,881,994       1,077,954       15,229,227



     6   LEASES
                                                                           Unaudited           Audited
                                                                             30 June      31 December
                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


         Right-of-use assets
          Land-use rights (Note (i))                                       6,793,814        6,617,307
          Properties                                                       2,063,240        1,816,276
          Vehicles                                                            20,179           57,387
          Others                                                              18,827           22,178


                                                                           8,896,060        8,513,148


         Lease liabilities
          Current                                                            422,086          449,688
          Non-current                                                      1,705,242        1,484,772


                                                                           2,127,328        1,934,460


80
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



6   LEASES (Continued)
    (i)   Movements of the land-use rights for the period are as follows:

                                                                                       Land-use rights
                                                                                             RMB’000


          Net book value at 1 January 2024                                                     6,617,307
           Additions                                                                             255,837
           Depreciation                                                                          (79,330)


          Net book value at 30 June 2024                                                       6,793,814


          Net book value at 1 January 2023                                                     5,534,907
           Additions                                                                                  104
           Depreciation                                                                           (61,656)


          Net book value at 30 June 2023                                                       5,473,355



7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
    The amounts recognised in the condensed consolidated balance sheet are as follows:


                                                                        Unaudited               Audited
                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


    Investments in joint ventures                                       21,151,444            27,521,810
    Investments in associates                                            8,865,028             9,638,058


                                                                        30,016,472            37,159,868




                                                                                                                81
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
         The amounts recognised in the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                                                                     Unaudited
                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


         Share of profits less losses of joint ventures (Note (i))                               1,818,579         4,929,981
         Share of profits less losses of associates (Note (i))                                     192,346           370,518


                                                                                                 2,010,925         5,300,499


         (i)   Unrealised profits or losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions are eliminated.


         7.1   Investments in joint ventures

               (a)    Movements of investments in joint ventures are set out as follows:

                                                                                                     Unaudited
                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


                      Beginning of the period                                                   27,521,810         28,095,173
                      Additions (Note (i))                                                         914,720            348,236
                      Capital reduction                                                             (5,478)            (42,224)
                      Share of profits less losses                                               1,846,554          4,859,155
                      Other equity changes                                                           7,895                   –
                      Dividends declared                                                        (9,134,057)       (10,393,601)


                      End of the period                                                         21,151,444        22,866,739




82
                                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    7.1   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

          (a)   Movements of investments in joint ventures are set out as follows: (Continued)
                (i)    In the six months ended 30 June 2024, the additions mainly represent the Group’s capital contribution of
                       RMB564,000,000, RMB210,000,000 and RMB112,500,000 to Guangdong Guangqi Kaitou Autonomous
                       Driving Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership), Guangzhou AnDi Technology Co. Ltd. and Gac
                       Mitsubishi Automobile Sales Co. Ltd. In addition, the Group contributed capital of RMB28,220,000 to several
                       newly set-up joint ventures.


          (b)   Set out below are the joint ventures of the Group as at 30 June 2024, which in the opinion of
                the directors, are material to the Group. The joint ventures as listed below are held directly by
                the Group; the country of incorporation or registration is also their principal place of business.


                                                          Place of business/          % of
                                                          country of             ownership     Nature of the       Measurement
                Name of joint ventures                    incorporation            interest    relationship            method


                GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC Mainland China                      50    Note 1                     Equity
                 Honda”)
                GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC     Mainland China                      50    Note 1                     Equity
                 Toyota”)
                GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Mainland China                       50    Note 1                     Equity
                 Ltd. (“GAC SOFINCO”)
                Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou)      Mainland China                      50    Note 1                     Equity
                 Co., Ltd. (“Wuyang-Honda”)


                Note 1: GAC Honda, GAC Toyota are companies manufacturing and selling automobiles and automotive parts,
                        GAC SOFINCO is a company providing automotive financing services, and Wuyang-Honda is a company
                        manufacturing and selling motorcycles and motorcycle parts. All of them are unlisted companies.

                Note 2: On 28 December 2023, the Group acquired 50% of the equity interests on GAC Mitsubishi, a previous joint
                        venture of the Group, with a purchase consideration of RMB2. After the completion of which GAC Mitsubishi
                        became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.




                                                                                                                                     83
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
         7.1   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

               (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures
                     Set out below is the summary of combined financial information for all the joint ventures of
                     the Group (excluding goodwill). As restricted by the confidentiality agreements entered into
                     with other shareholders of certain joint ventures, the Group has not disclosed certain financial
                     data of material joint ventures separately. The aggregate of the financial information of the
                     four material joint ventures identified by directors cover over 90% of combined financial
                     information of all the joint ventures of the Group listed below.


                     The below financial Information of the joint ventures has been consistently measured based
                     on the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the date
                     of acquisition.


                     The information below reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the joint
                     ventures (and not the Group’s share of those amounts) adjusted for differences in accounting
                     policies between the Group and the joint ventures.


                     Summarised balance sheet

                                                                                   Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                     30 June         31 December
                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


                     Assets
                     Non-current assets                                            90,651,390          94,119,421


                     Current assets
                      – Cash and cash equivalents                                  35,322,066          57,624,954
                      – Other current assets                                       24,524,990          43,994,794


                                                                                   59,847,056         101,619,748


                     Total assets                                                 150,498,446         195,739,169




84
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    7.1   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

          (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                Summarised balance sheet (Continued)

                                                                          Unaudited              Audited
                                                                            30 June         31 December
                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


                Liabilities
                Non-current liabilities
                  – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and other
                      payables)                                           29,421,832           32,252,756
                  – Other non-current liabilities (including trade and
                      other payables)                                      9,150,823            7,576,218


                                                                          38,572,655           39,828,974


                Current liabilities
                 – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and other
                     payables)                                            14,057,086           23,520,832
                 – Other current liabilities (including trade and
                     other payables)                                      53,779,090           76,882,007


                                                                          67,836,176         100,402,839


                Total liabilities                                        106,408,831         140,231,813


                Net assets                                                44,089,615           55,507,356
                Less: Non-controlling interests                               (8,762)               (8,633)


                                                                          44,080,853           55,498,723




                                                                                                                 85
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
         7.1   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

               (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                     Summarised statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


                     Revenue                                                                           91,827,280             128,399,989
                     Cost of sales                                                                    (74,083,358)           (108,726,419)
                     Other expenditures                                                               (14,017,887)             (10,100,553)


                     Profit after tax                                                                   3,726,035                9,573,017
                     Less: profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                  (130)                    (373)


                                                                                                        3,725,905                9,572,644
                     Other comprehensive income                                                                 –                    (1,861)


                     Total comprehensive income                                                         3,725,905                9,570,783


                     Set out below are the assets, liabilities, revenue and dividends of the material joint ventures
                     of the Group:


                                                 Assets                   Liabilities                 Revenue              Dividends received
                                             As at        As at        As at            As at        Six months                Six months
                     Name of material       30-Jun      31-Dec        30-Jun          31-Dec        ended 30 June            ended 30 June
                     joint ventures
                                             2024         2023         2024           2023          2024         2023        2024         2023
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000


                     GAC Honda           29,789,268   41,882,840   17,292,424    29,058,090     30,668,293   42,803,646           –            –
                     GAC Toyota          46,129,482   67,911,549   33,410,574    40,853,336     52,150,156   74,054,681   8,859,211    9,980,438
                     GAC SOFINCO         56,625,014   67,801,454   47,224,036    58,930,099      2,016,382    2,142,538           –            –
                     Wuyang-Honda         2,558,486    2,611,962    1,246,884     1,091,412      2,278,851    2,716,127     112,376      213,054


                     Total              135,102,250 180,207,805    99,173,918 129,932,937       87,113,682 121,716,992    8,971,587   10,193,492


86
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    7.1   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

          (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                Reconciliation of share of the net assets to the carrying amount of the Group’s interests in
                the material joint ventures:


                                                                            Unaudited               Audited
                                                                              30 June          31 December
                                                                                 2024                 2023
                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


                Assets                                                    135,102,250           180,207,805
                Less: Liabilities                                         (99,173,918)         (129,932,937)
                    Non-controlling interests                                  (8,762)                (8,633)


                Net assets excluding non-controlling interests              35,919,570            50,266,235
                Percentage of ownership interest                                  50%                   50%


                Interests in material joint ventures                        17,959,785            25,133,118
                Goodwill                                                        21,259                21,259
                  – Wuyang-Honda                                                21,259                21,259


                Carrying amount of investments in
                 material joint ventures                                    17,981,044            25,154,377




                                                                                                                    87
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     7   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
         7.2   Investments in associates

               (a)   Movements of investments in associates are set out as follows:

                                                                                                 Unaudited
                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2024           2023
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


                     Beginning of the period                                                 9,638,058               9,715,606
                     Additions (Note (i))                                                      248,844                 602,000
                     Capital reduction                                                         (22,576)                   (1,142)
                     Transfer from an associate to a joint venture                                   –                  (47,519)
                     Share of profits less losses                                              191,410                 369,034
                     Other equity changes                                                       15,409                   45,648
                     Dividend declared                                                      (1,206,117)             (1,474,566)


                     End of the period                                                       8,865,028              9,209,061


                     (i)   In the six months ended 30 June 2024, the additions mainly represent the Group’s capital contribution of
                           RMB216,579,675 to GAC Aisin Automatic Transmission Co., Ltd. In addition, the Group contributed capital
                           of RMB32,264,000 to a newly set-up associate.



               (b)   In the opinion of the board, there are no associates individually material to the Group. Set
                     out below is the Group’s share of associates’ results:


                                                                                                 Unaudited
                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2024           2023
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


                     Associates
                     Profits less losses                                                        192,346                370,518


                     Total comprehensive income                                                 192,346                370,518




88
                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



8   DEFERRED INCOME TAX
    The net movements on the deferred income tax account are as follows:


                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000


    Beginning of the period                                                          4,126,123             3,583,094
    Tax recognised in profit or loss (Note 17)                                         429,668               426,795


    End of the period                                                                4,555,791             4,009,889



9   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    This note provides an update on the judgements and estimates made by the Group in determining the
    fair values of the financial instruments since the last annual financial report.


    9.1   Fair value hierarchy
          The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different
          levels have been defined as follows:


          •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).


          •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).


          •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                unobservable inputs) (level 3).




                                                                                                                            89
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     9   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (Continued)
         9.1   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
               The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 30
               June 2024.


                                                                 Level 1       Level 2      Level 3        Total
                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                 Note (a)      Note (b)     Note (c)


               Assets
               Financial assets at fair value through other
                 comprehensive income and financial
                 assets at fair value through profit or loss
                 – Bond investments                            14,615,586            –             –    14,615,586
                 – Fund investments                                     –      871,938             –       871,938
                 – Financial products                                   –            –     5,363,689     5,363,689
                 – Stocks                                       2,029,480            –             –     2,029,480
                 – Other equity investment                              –            –     1,775,656     1,775,656
                 – Others                                               –      522,404     1,976,041     2,498,445


               Total                                           16,645,066     1,394,342    9,115,386    27,154,794


               The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 31
               December 2023.


                                                                   Level 1       Level 2     Level 3        Total
                                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                   Note (a)     Note (b)     Note (c)


               Assets
               Financial assets at fair value through other
                 comprehensive income and financial assets
                 at fair value through profit or loss
                 – Bond investments                              6,200,886             –           –     6,200,886
                 – Fund investments                                      –     1,555,268           –     1,555,268
                 – Financial products                                    –             –   2,946,114     2,946,114
                 – Stocks                                        1,077,291             –           –     1,077,291
                 – Other equity investment                               –             –   1,777,338     1,777,338
                 – Others                                                –       513,664   1,812,480     2,326,144


                                                                 7,278,177     2,068,932   6,535,932    15,883,041

90
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



9   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (Continued)
    9.1   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

          (a)   Financial instruments in level 1
                The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market
                prices at the balance sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily
                and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service,
                or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
                transactions on arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for the financial assets
                included in level 1 held by the Group is the current bid price.


                There were no significant transfers of financial assets between level 1 and level 2 fair value
                hierarchy classifications.


          (b)   Financial instruments in level 2
                The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined
                by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
                market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates.
                If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
                included in level 2.


                If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument
                is included in level 3.


                Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.


                •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair
                      value for the remaining financial instruments.




                                                                                                                      91
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     9   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (Continued)
         9.1   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

               (c)   Financial instruments in level 3
                     The following tables present the changes in level 3 instruments for the six months ended 30
                     June 2024 and 2023.


                                                                    Other equity    Financial
                                                                     investment     products        Others         Total
                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


                     Opening balance as at 1 January 2024             1,777,338     2,946,114     1,812,480      6,535,932
                     Purchase                                         1,608,468     2,592,173     7,105,331     11,305,972
                     (Loss)/Gains for the period recognised in
                       profit or loss                                    (36,479)       6,136              –       (30,343)
                     Disposal                                         (1,573,671)    (180,734)    (6,941,770)   (8,696,175)


                     Closing balance as at 30 June 2024                1,775,656    5,363,689     1,976,041      9,115,386


                     Opening balance as at 1 January 2023              1,471,849    2,547,124       632,301      4,651,274
                     Purchase                                            344,095       31,733     2,332,724      2,708,552
                     Gains for the period recognised in profit
                       or loss                                            43,859        11,707             –        55,566
                     Disposal                                           (113,758)   (1,203,839)   (2,122,118)   (3,439,715)


                     Closing balance as at 30 June 2023                1,746,045    1,386,725       842,907      3,975,677


                     Includes unrealised gains or losses
                        recognised in profit or loss attributable
                        to balances held at the end of the
                        reporting period
                     2024                                                (36,479)       6,136              –       (30,343)
                     2023                                                 43,859       12,008              –        55,867




92
                                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



9   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (Continued)
    9.1   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

          (c)   Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)
                Quantitative information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
                (Level 3) is as follow:


                                                        Fair value at                                                                   Range
                                                       30 June 2024                                                                  (weighted
                                                            RMB’000      Valuation technique (s)   Unobservable input                 average)


                – Financial products                       5,006,951     Discounted cash flow      Discount rate                   1.85%-3.30%
                                                             356,738     Summation Method          Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                – Other equity investment (Note (i))       1,775,656     Summation Method          Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                – Unlisted notes receivable                1,976,041     Discounted cash flow      Discount rate                    1.0%-1.65%



                                                         Fair value at                                                                   Range
                                                          30-Jun-23                                                                   (weighted
                                                            RMB’000      Valuation technique (s)   Unobservable input                  average)


                – Financial products                         613,475     Discounted cash flow      Discount rate                         3.30%
                                                             773,250     Summation Method          Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                – Other equity investment (Note (i))       1,746,045     Summation Method          Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                – Unlisted notes receivable                  842,907     Discounted cash flow      Discount rate                   1.20%-3.19%


                (i)       Other equity investments in Level 3 represent the Group’s investment in interests of non-listed company.




                                                                                                                                                  93
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     10 INVENTORIES
                                                      Unaudited          Audited
                                                        30 June     31 December
                                                           2024            2023
                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


        Raw materials and consumables                  4,407,430      4,515,596
        Work-in-progress                                 118,519        168,950
        Finished goods and merchandise                13,931,502     12,577,340


                                                      18,457,451     17,261,886


        Less: provision for impairment                  (570,282)       (541,573)


                                                      17,887,169     16,720,313




94
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024




    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



11 TRADE RECEIVABLES
   Sales of passenger vehicles were normally made with advances from customers. Sales of other products
   were made on credit terms ranging from 1 to 365 days.


   As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the ageing analysis of these trade receivables is presented
   on the basis of the date of the relevant invoices as follows:


                                                                        Unaudited               Audited
                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


   Trade receivables


   Within 1 year                                                         3,090,823             2,825,352
   Between 1 and 2 years                                                   491,921             2,480,595
   Between 2 and 3 years                                                   179,460               168,059
   Between 3 and 4 years                                                   207,342                53,341
   Between 4 and 5 years                                                    14,448                35,341
   Over 5 years                                                            304,757               282,791


                                                                         4,288,751             5,845,479


   Less: Provision for impairment                                         (535,694)              (541,526)


   Trade receivables – net                                               3,753,057             5,303,953




                                                                                                                95
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     12 SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                        Foreign shares listed
                                          RMB ordinary shares of       out of mainland China of
                                               RMB1 each                      RMB1 each                     Total

                                           Number of                    Number of                   Number of
                                               shares Share capital         shares Share capital        shares Share capital
                                          (thousands)    RMB’000       (thousands)    RMB’000      (thousands)    RMB’000


        As at 31 December 2023             7,391,614     7,391,614      3,098,620     3,098,620    10,490,234    10,490,234


        Employee share-based awards
          scheme
          – Proceeds from share issued            14             14             –             –            14             14
        Repurchase of restricted shares       (3,330)        (3,330)            –             –        (3,330)        (3,330)


        As at 30 June 2024                 7,388,298     7,388,298      3,098,620     3,098,620    10,486,918    10,486,918



        (a)    Equity-settled share-based payments – The Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
               Share Incentive Scheme
               On 4 December 2020, according to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, total
               102,101,330 A Share Options (“SO-III”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors, senior
               management and selected key employees (the “SO-III Recipients”). The grant date is 4 December
               2020 (the “Grant Date III”).


               On 4 December 2020, according to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, total
               102,101,330 Restricted Shares (“RS”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors, senior
               management and selected key employees (the “RS Recipients”). The grant date is 4 December
               2020 (the “Grant Date III”).




96
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024




    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12 SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
   (a)   Equity-settled share-based payments – The Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
         Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)

         (i)    The Third A Share Options Scheme
                Each share option represents the right granted to the SO-III Recipients to acquire one share
                of the Company at pre-determined exercise price of RMB9.98 and conditions in the validity
                period as set out in the Third A Share Options Scheme (“SO-III Scheme”). The weighted
                average fair value of SO-III, as estimated at the Grant Date III, was RMB4.98 per share option.
                This was calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model.


                40%, 30% and 30% of the SO-III granted to the SO-III Recipients will become exercisable
                once per year in three years starting two years from the Grant Date III, respectively, subject
                to the Group achieving the performance conditions as set out in the SO-III Scheme. The
                option has a contractual option term of 5 years starting from the grant date. The Company
                has no legal or constructive obligation to purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.


         (ii)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
                All restricted shares granted are subject to a lock-up period of 24 months commencing from
                the grant date, followed by an unlocking period of 1 to 3 years (three batches in proportion
                of 40%, 30% and 30% for each 12 months). During the lock-up period, the RS Recipients
                shall not possess the right of disposal, such that the shares shall not be transferred, used as
                collateral or used for debt repayment. After the lock-up period, RS Recipients will be entitled
                to the related shares provided that all of the required performance conditions are met and
                the RS Recipients are still in employment with the Group.


                On 4 December 2020, the Company issued 102,101,330 restricted shares at a price of
                RMB4.99 and recorded an amount of RMB509,486,000 received from participants, which
                was included in other payables as equity incentive repurchase obligation of the Company.
                The weighted average fair value of restricted shares, as estimated at the Grant Date III, was
                RMB8.30 per share.


                As at 30 June 2024, there are total 48,693,437 units of outstanding options in SO-III and
                26,048,350 units of outstanding RS.




                                                                                                                      97
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



     12 SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
        (b)   Equity-settled share-based payments – The Forth A Share Options Scheme
              On 20 January 2023, according to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, total
              233,896,200 A Share Options (“SO-IV”) were granted to 3,089 individuals, including directors, senior
              management and selected key employees (the “SO-IV Recipients”). The grant date is 20 January
              2023 (the “Grant Date IV”).

              Each share option represents the right granted to the SO-IV Recipients to acquire one share of the
              Company at pre-determined exercise price of RMB11.99 and conditions in the validity period as
              set out in the Forth A Share Options Scheme (“SO-IV Scheme”). The weighted average fair value
              of SO-IV, as estimated at the Grant Date IV, was RMB2.72 per share option. This was calculated
              using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model.


              20%, 40% and 40% of the SO-IV granted to the SO-IV Recipients will become exercisable once
              per year in three years starting two years from the Grant Date IV, respectively, subject to the Group
              achieving the performance conditions as set out in the SO-IV Scheme. The option has a contractual
              option term of 5 years starting from the grant date. The Company has no legal or constructive
              obligation to purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.


              As at 30 June 2024, there are total 233,455,400 units of outstanding options in SO-IV.


        (c)   No expenses were recognised in profit or loss for SO-III, RS and SO-IV for the period of six months
              ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2023: Nil).




98
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024




    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



13 TRADE PAYABLES
   As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, ageing analysis of trade payables is presented on the basis
   of the date of the relevant invoices as follows:


                                                                        Unaudited               Audited
                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


   Trade payables


   Within 1 year                                                        16,063,782            20,096,320
   Between 1 and 2 years                                                   275,068               113,500
   Between 2 and 3 years                                                    31,513                34,250
   Over 3 years                                                            102,134               102,497


                                                                        16,472,497            20,346,567




                                                                                                                99
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



  14 BORROWINGS
                                                              Unaudited         Audited
                                                                30 June    31 December
                                                                   2024           2023
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


      Non-current
      Borrowings from bank and other financial institutions    9,779,760     8,677,245
      Securitization debts (Note (a))                            922,976     1,443,427
      Entrusted loans – unsecured                                415,667       225,470
      Recourse financing (Note (b))                                    –        38,108


      Total non-current borrowings                            11,118,403    10,384,250


      Current
      Borrowings from bank and other financial institutions   21,060,220    15,647,864
      Securitization debts (Note (a))                          1,013,233     1,264,451
      Recourse financing (Note (b))                              115,451       193,311
      Entrusted loans from related parties – unsecured             8,000       584,703
      Interest payables                                            7,032        41,344


      Total current borrowings                                22,203,936    17,731,673


      Total borrowings                                        33,322,339    28,115,923




100
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



14 BORROWINGS (Continued)
   (a)   The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,000,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
         2021”) in 2021. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group issued ABS-2021 of RMB1,000,000,000, out of
         which RMB950,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB50,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was fully
         acquired by the Group. The ABS-2021 bore interest from 26 November 2021 at 2.8%-6.5% per annum. These corporate
         bonds have been fully redeemed at par in June 2024.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,501,000,000 asset-backed notes (“ABN-
         2022-1”) in 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABN-2022-1 of RMB1,501,000,000, out of
         which RMB1,414,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB87,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was
         fully acquired by the Group. The ABN-2022-1 bore interest from 16 January 2022 at 3.55%-6.30% per annum. The Group
         has already repaid ABN-2022-1 of approximately RMB1,401,910,000 by the end of 30 June 2024.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB800,000,000 asset-backed notes (“ABN-
         2023-3”) in 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group issued ABN-2023-3 of RMB800,000,000, out of
         which RMB745,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB55,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was fully
         acquired by the Group. The ABN-2023-3 bore interest from 28 August 2023 at 2.50%-4.50% per annum. The Group has
         already repaid ABN-2023-3 of approximately RMB250,992,000 by the end of 30 June 2024.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,542,200,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
         2023-2”) in 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group issued ABS-2023-2 of RMB1,542,200,000, out
         of which RMB1,433,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB109,200,000 represented subordinate tranche, which
         was fully acquired by the Group. The ABS-2023-2 bore interest from 5 September 2023 at 2.39%-4.20% per annum. The
         Group has already repaid ABS-2023-2 of approximately RMB614,677,000 by the end of 30 June 2024.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,000,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
         2023-3”) in 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group issued ABS-2023-3 of RMB1,000,000,000, out
         of which RMB860,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB140,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was
         fully acquired by the Group. The ABS-2023-3 bore interest from 1 November 2023 at 2.80%-3.60% per annum. The Group
         has already repaid ABS-2023-3 of approximately RMB272,755,000 by the end of 30 June 2024.

         As the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the above financial lease receivables related to
         the ABS-2021, ABN-2022-1, ABN-2023-3, ABS-2023-2 and ABS-2023-3, the Group continues to recognise the finance
         lease receivables. The securities are repaid as collections on the underlying collateralized assets occur and the amounts
         are included in borrowings.

   (b)   As at 30 June 2024, a subsidiary of the Group has entered into several factoring agreements. Those factoring borrowings
         were recoursed to the finance lease receivables.




                                                                                                                                       101
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



  15 OPERATING LOSS
      The following items have been charged to the operating loss during the period:


                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2024           2023
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


      Depreciation and amortisation                                           4,359,232     3,631,604
      Impairment charges of property, plant and equipment                             –        28,862
      Impairment charges of inventories                                          28,709        64,266
      Net impairment losses on financial assets                                 210,013       222,063
      Staff costs                                                             6,391,349     6,156,325
      Gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
        intangible assets                                                       (50,225)       (36,480)
      Government grants                                                      (1,051,657)     (246,758)
      Donation                                                                      313            950



  16 FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2024           2023
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


      Interest expense                                                          306,424       142,652
      Others                                                                     17,382        57,883


                                                                                323,806       200,535




102
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



17 INCOME TAX CREDIT
   Hong Kong profits tax and China enterprise income tax have been provided at the rate of taxation prevailing
   in the regions in which the Group operates respectively.


   The amount of taxation credited to the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income:


                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2024           2023
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


   Current income tax                                                           384,231                171,046
   Deferred income tax                                                         (429,668)              (426,795)


                                                                                 (45,437)             (255,749)


   (i)   Income tax expense is recognised based on management’s best estimate of the weighted average
         annual income tax rate expected for the full financial year.


         The tax rates applicable to the Company and its major subsidiaries for the six months ended 30
         June 2024 are 15% or 25% (2023: 15% or 25%).




                                                                                                                  103
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



  18 EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (a)   Basic

                                                                                      Unaudited
                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2024           2023
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


            Profit attributable to owners of the Company                         1,516,347           2,966,171
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less
              restricted shares (thousands)                                     10,460,339         10,426,565


            Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                   0.14                0.28


            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the consolidated profit attributable to owners of
            the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less restricted shares
            during the period.


      (b)   Diluted
            Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
            outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company had different
            categories of dilutive potential ordinary shares: share options and restricted shares. For the share
            options and restricted shares, calculations are done to determine the number of shares that could
            have been acquired at fair value (determined as the average market share price of the Company’s
            shares for six months ended 30 June 2024) based on the monetary value of the subscription rights
            attached to outstanding share options, and at subscription price of restricted shares, respectively.
            The numbers of shares calculated as above are compared with the numbers of shares that would
            have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options, and the numbers of restricted shares
            that would have been unlocked assuming all related conditions fulfilled, respectively.




104
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Interim Report 2024




    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



18 EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
   (b)   Diluted (Continued)

                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


         Profit attributable to owners of the Company                 1,516,347             2,966,171


         Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share          1,516,347             2,966,171


         Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less
          restricted shares (thousands)                              10,460,339            10,426,565
         Add: weighted average number of ordinary shares
                  assuming conversion of all share options and
                  restricted shares (thousands)                                 –               13,096


         Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue for
          diluted earnings per share (thousands)                     10,460,339            10,439,661


         Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                          0.14                  0.28



19 DIVIDEND
                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


   Interim dividend declared: RMB0.03 per ordinary share
     (2023: RMB0.05 per ordinary share)                                 311,467               524,253


   Dividend paid in six months ended 30 June 2024 was approximately RMB1,048,690,000 (six months
   ended 30 June 2023: RMB1,887,125,000).


                                                                                                          105
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



  19 DIVIDEND (Continued)
      In addition, an interim dividend of RMB0.03 per ordinary share (2023: RMB0.05 per ordinary share) was
      declared by the board of directors on 30 August 2024. This interim dividend, amounting to approximately
      RMB311,467,000 (2023: RMB524,253,000), has not been recognised as a liability in this interim financial
      information.



  20 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      Capital commitments at the balance sheet date but not yet incurred are as follows:


                                                                             Unaudited             Audited
                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


      Property, plant and equipment
        – Contracted but not provided for                                     1,444,803          1,611,633
        – Authorised but not contracted for                                   1,158,852            472,184


                                                                              2,603,655          2,083,817


      Intangible assets
        – Authorised but not contracted for                                   2,087,095          1,889,040
        – Contracted but not provided for                                           122                520


                                                                              2,087,217          1,889,560


                                                                              4,690,872          3,973,377




106
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024




    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant
   influence in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
   subject to common control. The Group is subject to the control of the PRC Government.

   In accordance with HKAS 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, other state-owned enterprises and their
   subsidiaries, directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC Government (“State-owned Enterprises”) are
   regarded as related parties of the Group.

   In addition to the related party information shown elsewhere in the interim condensed consolidated financial
   statements, the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary
   and usual course of business and balances between the Group and its related parties, during the period.

   These transactions were conducted in the ordinary and usual course of business in accordance with
   terms agreed between the Group and its related parties.


   (a)   Significant related party transactions

                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2024           2023
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


         Sales of goods

         Sales of automotive parts and steels
         – Joint ventures                                                         392,462              655,384
         – Associates                                                              27,140               44,623
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                                     6,635                  284


                                                                                  426,237              700,291


         Sales of passenger vehicles
         – Joint ventures                                                          42,951              237,966
         – Associates                                                             492,198            2,457,476


                                                                                  535,149            2,695,442


                                                                                  961,386            3,395,733


                                                                                                                  107
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



  21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2024           2023
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000


            Rendering of labour and insurance services
            – Joint ventures                                         878,348        667,451
            – Associates                                             171,601        324,214
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                     2,471            576


                                                                   1,052,420        992,241


            Purchases of goods

            Purchases of automotive parts and materials
            – Joint ventures                                         596,949      1,090,471
            – Associates                                           1,043,531      5,158,872


                                                                   1,640,480      6,249,343


            Purchases of passenger vehicles
            – Joint ventures                                       2,263,950      5,531,893
            – Associates                                             215,070          1,162


                                                                   2,479,020      5,533,055


                                                                   4,119,500     11,782,398




108
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Interim Report 2024




    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                      Unaudited
                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2024           2023
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


         Purchases of labour services and settlement of
           insurance claims
         – Joint ventures                                           26,070                23,126
         – Associates                                               16,908                21,179
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                     18,195                18,014


                                                                    61,173                62,319


         Rental from related parties
         – Joint ventures                                           28,101                51,366
         – Associates                                                6,437                 9,560
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                      6,432                 7,574


                                                                    40,970                68,500


         Interest charges for lease liabilities to related
           parties
         – Joint ventures                                            2,055                      –
         – Associates                                                    –                      2
         – GAIG                                                        429                    557
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                         11                     32


                                                                     2,495                    591


         Provision of entrusted loans to related parties
         – Joint ventures                                         280,000               650,000




                                                                                                    109
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



      21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
         (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


               Repayment of entrusted loans from related parties
               – A joint venture                                              –         96,890
               – An associate                                                 –          4,900


                                                                              –        101,790


               Repayment of entrusted loans to a related party
               – A joint venture                                              -        100,000


               Borrowings from a related party
               – A joint venture                                        809,099      1,639,033


               Repayment of borrowings to a related party
               – A joint venture                                      1,124,619      1,700,769


               Loans to related parties
               – Joint ventures                                       1,097,472      3,681,777
               – Associates                                             177,321        686,406


                                                                      1,274,793      4,368,183


               Repayment of loans from related parties
               – Joint ventures                                       1,344,215      2,096,593
               – Associates                                             277,832         71,680


                                                                      1,622,047      2,168,273




110
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024




    NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (b)   Key management compensation

                                                                                   Unaudited
                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2024           2023
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


         Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                           8,911                 8,883



   (c)   Transactions with other state-owned enterprises in the PRC
         The Group operates in an economic environment predominated by state-owned enterprises. During
         the period, the Group had transactions with state-owned enterprises including, but not limited
         to, sales of automobiles and other automotive components and purchases of raw materials and
         automotive parts.


         For the purpose of related party transactions disclosure, the Group has in place procedures to
         assist the identification of the immediate ownership structure of its customers and suppliers as to
         whether they are state-owned enterprises. However, many state-owned enterprises have multi-
         layered corporate structure and the ownership structures change over time as a result of transfers
         and privatisation programs.


         Nevertheless, the Directors consider that transactions with other state-owned enterprises are
         activities in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, and that the dealings of the Group have not
         been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that the Group and other state-owned enterprises
         are ultimately controlled or owned by the PRC Government. The Group has also established pricing
         policies for products and services, and such pricing policies do not depend on whether or not the
         customers are state-owned enterprises. Having due regard to the substance of the relationships, the
         Directors are of the opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions
         that require separate disclosure except for the transactions with state-owned financial institutions
         as disclosed below.




                                                                                                                     111
      NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION



      21 RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
         (c)   Transactions with other state-owned enterprises in the PRC (Continued)

               (i)    Balances with state-owned financial institutions
                      As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, majority part of the Group’s bank balances
                      and borrowings were deposited in or financed from various state-owned financial institutions.
                      The Directors are of opinion that such transactions were conducted in the ordinary course
                      of business and in accordance with normal commercial terms.


               (ii)   Guarantees given by state-owned enterprises and the parent company
                      As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, no guarantee given by state-owned enterprises
                      and GAIG.


         (d)   Guarantees to associates
               As at 30 June 2024, there is no financial guarantees provided by the Group (2023: Nil) to an associate.


               It is expected that the financial guarantees provided by the Group will not lead to any significant
               liabilities.



      22 EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
         On 30 August 2024, the Company held the sixty-eighth meeting of sixth session of the Board, at which
         the proposal for interim profit distribution for 2024 was considered and passed. The Company proposed
         to pay the 2024 interim dividends of RMB0.03 per share (tax inclusive) in cash to all the shareholders.
         Calculation made hereinafter is temporarily based on the total share excluded repurchased ordinary shares
         number of the Company of 10,382,244,648 shares as at 30 August 2024, by which the total amount of
         interim dividend will be RMB311,467,000 (such distribution would be made to A shareholders in RMB, and
         be made to H shareholders in Hong Kong Dollar). Such proposal for profit distribution does not involve
         the conversion of capital reserve to share capital.




112
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024



 Chapter 8

 DEFINITIONS
In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms used shall have the following
meanings set out below:


“A Share(s)”                       domestic listed shares with par value of RMB1.00 each in the ordinary
                                   share capital of the Company which are listed on the Shanghai Stock
                                   Exchange (Stock Code: 601238)


“associate(s)”, “associated        all entities over which the Company has significant influence but not
 company(ies)” or                  control, generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and
 “associated enterprise(s)”        50% of the voting rights of such entities


“Board”                            the board of directors of the Company


“CATL GAC”                         CATL GAC Energy Battery System Co., Ltd. (時 代 廣 汽 動 力 電 池 有 限 公
                                   司), an associated company jointly funded and established by the
                                   Company, GAC AION and Contemporary Amperex Technology Co.,
                                   Ltd. in December 2018 under PRC law, in which the Company and
                                   GAC AION hold 49% equity interests in total


“China Lounge Investments”         China Lounge Investments Limited (中隆投資有限公司), a wholly-owned
                                   subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Hong Kong


“Company” or “GAC”                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司)


“EV”                               electric vehicles


“GAC AION”                         GAC AION New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣汽埃安新能源汽車股份
                                   有 限 公 司) (formerly known as Guangzhou Automobile New Energy
                                   Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 新 能 源 汽 車 有 限 公 司)), a subsidiary of the
                                   Company incorporated in July 2017 under PRC law


“GAC Business”                     GAC Business Co., Ltd. (廣汽商貿有限公司) (formerly known as Guangzhou
                                   Automobile Group Business Co., Ltd. (廣 州 汽 車 集 團 商 貿 有 限 公 司)), a
                                   wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in March
                                   2000 under PRC law


“GAC Capital”                      GAC Capital Co., Ltd. (廣汽資本有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                   the Company established in April 2013 under PRC law




                                                                                                                      113
      DEFINITIONS



      “GAC Component”         GAC Component Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 零 部 件 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Component Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團零部
                              件有限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in August 2000
                              under PRC law by the Company and its subsidiaries


      “GAC Energy”            GAC Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (廣汽能源科技有限公司), a subsidiary
                              established in July 2022 under PRC law by the Company, in which
                              UPOWER Energy and GAC AION hold 55% and 45% equity interests,
                              respectively


      “GAC Finance Company”   Guangzhou Automobile Group Finance Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團財務有限
                              公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in January 2017 under
                              PRC law by the Company


      “GAC Hino”              GAC Hino Motors Co., Ltd. (廣汽日野汽車有限公司), a subsidiary of our
                              Company, in which the Company holds 89.72% equity interests


      “GAC Honda”             GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 本 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司) (formerly
                              known as Guangzhou Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣州本田汽車有限
                              公司)), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 1998 under PRC
                              law by the Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China)
                              Investment Co., Ltd.


      “GAC International”     GAC International Automobile Sales & Service Co., Ltd. (廣汽國際汽車銷
                              售服務有限公司), a subsidiary established in May 2022 by the Company
                              under PRC law


      “GAC Leasing”           Guangzhou GAC Leasing Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽融資租賃有限公司), a limited
                              liability company incorporated under PRC law and an indirect wholly-
                              owned subsidiary of the Company


      “GAC Toyota”            GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 豐 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司) (formerly known
                              as Guangzhou Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣州豐田汽車有限公司)), a jointly
                              controlled entity incorporated in September 2004 under PRC law
                              by the Company, Toyota Motor Company and Toyota Motor (China)
                              Investment Co., Ltd.


      “GAC Toyota Engine”     GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田發動機有限公司), an associated
                              company incorporated in February 2004 under PRC law by the
                              Company and Toyota Motor Company, in which the Company holds
                              30% equity interests


114
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Interim Report 2024




                                                                                   DEFINITIONS



“GAC Trumpchi”                   GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽傳祺汽車有限公司) (formerly known as 廣汽乘用
                                 車有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated
                                 in July 2008 under PRC law


“GAC-SOFINCO”                    GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd. (廣汽匯理汽車金融有限公司),
                                 a jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 2010 under PRC law by
                                 the Company and Société de Financement Industriel et Commercial
                                 (SOFINCO)


“GAEI”                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Automotive Engineering
                                 Institute (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司汽車工程研究院), a branch company of
                                 the Company established in June 2006 for the purpose of conducting
                                 research and development of the products and technology in which
                                 the Company has proprietary rights


“Group” or “GAC Group”           the Company and its subsidiaries


“H Share(s)”                     overseas listed foreign shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each
                                 in the ordinary share capital of the Company which are listed on the
                                 Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2238)


“HEV”                            hybrid electric vehicles


“IMPOW Battery”                  IMPOW Battery Technology Co., Ltd. (因湃電池科技有限公司), a subsidiary
                                 of the Company established in October 2022 under PRC law


“joint venture(s)” or “jointly   joint venture companies under direct or indirect joint control, and no
  controlled entity(ies)”        participating party has unilateral control power over the economic
                                 activities of such jointly controlled entity as a result of such direct or
                                 indirect joint control


“Lisheng Technology”             Lisheng Automotive Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (立昇汽車科技(廣
                                 州)有限公司), established in June 2023 under PRC law by the Company,
                                 GAC Component and Luxshare Precision Industry Company Limited,
                                 and in which the Company and GAC Component collectively hold
                                 45% equity interests


“Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange
                                 as amended from time to time


“MPV”                            multi-purpose passenger vehicle


                                                                                                                  115
      DEFINITIONS



      “ON TIME”                   a mobile mobility platform established in April 2019 and launched
                                  by the Company through Chenqi Technology Limited (including its
                                  subsidiaries) established by China Lounge Investments and Tencent,
                                  and its controlling company, the shares of which are listed on the
                                  Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 9680), and is indirectly held 12.84% by
                                  the Group


      “PHEV”                      plug-in hybrid electric vehicles


      “PRC” or “China”            the People’s Republic of China


      “RMB”                       Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


      “Ruipai Power”              Ruipai Power Technology Co., Ltd. (銳湃動力科技有限公司), a subsidiary
                                  established in October 2022 under PRC law


      "SFO"                       the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                                  Hong Kong)


      “Shanghai Stock Exchange”   The Shanghai Stock Exchange


      “Stock Exchange”            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


      “SUV”                       sports utility vehicle


      “UPOWER Energy”             UPOWER Energy Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (優湃能源科技(廣
                                  州)有限公司) (formerly known as Guangzhou GAC Business Renewable
                                  Resources Co., Ltd. (廣 州 廣 汽 商 貿 再 生 資 源 有 限 公 司)), a wholly-owned
                                  subsidiary of the Company established in September 2010 under PRC
                                  law


      “Urtrust Insurance”         Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd. (眾 誠 汽 車 保 險 股 份 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary
                                  incorporated in June 2011 under PRC law by the Company, in which
                                  the Company directly and indirectly holds a total of 53.55% equity
                                  interests


      “Wuyang Honda”              Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (五羊－本田摩托(廣州)有限
                                  公司), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in July 1992 under PRC
                                  law by the Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China)
                                  Investment Co., Ltd.




116
