H Share Stock Code: 2238
A Share Stock Code: 601238




2022
Annual Report
Contents
4     Chapter 1     Chairman’s Statement

13    Chapter 2     Corporate Profile and
                    Summary of Business

23    Chapter 3     Management Discussion and
                    Analysis

63    Chapter 4     Corporate Governance

115   Chapter 5     Report of the Directors

120   Chapter 6     Report of the Supervisory
                    Committee

126   Chapter 7     Environmental and Social
                    Responsibility

129   Chapter 8     Significant Events

167   Chapter 9     Changes in Shares and
                    Information on Shareholders

178   Chapter 10 Bonds

181   Chapter 11 Financial Statements

      Awards and Honours

      Definitions
     IMPORTANT NOTICE
    ׁ‫خ‬   ˚Ƶ ȌƊȲƮ‫ ة‬²ɐȯƵȲɨǞȺȌȲɯ !ȌǿǿǞɈɈƵƵ ƊȁƮ ɈǘƵ ƮǞȲƵƧɈȌȲȺ‫ة‬
          ȺɐȯƵȲɨǞȺȌȲȺ ƊȁƮ ȺƵȁǞȌȲ ǿƊȁƊǐƵǿƵȁɈ ȌǏ ɈǘƵ !ȌǿȯƊȁɯ
          ɩƊȲȲƊȁɈ ɈǘƵ ƊɐɈǘƵȁɈǞƧǞɈɯ‫ ة‬ƊƧƧɐȲƊƧɯ ƊȁƮ ƧȌǿȯǶƵɈƵȁƵȺȺ ȌǏ ɈǘƵ
          ǞȁǏȌȲǿƊɈǞȌȁ ƧȌȁɈƊǞȁƵƮ Ǟȁ ɈǘƵ ƊȁȁɐƊǶ ȲƵȯȌȲɈ‫˚ خ‬ƵȲƵ ƊȲƵ ȁȌ
          ǿǞȺȲƵȯȲƵȺƵȁɈƊɈǞȌȁȺ‫ ة‬ǿǞȺǶƵƊƮǞȁǐ ȺɈƊɈƵǿƵȁɈȺ ƧȌȁɈƊǞȁƵƮ Ǟȁ ȌȲ
          ǿƊɈƵȲǞƊǶ ȌǿǞȺȺǞȌȁȺ ǏȲȌǿ ɈǘƵ ƊȁȁɐƊǶ ȲƵȯȌȲɈ ƊȁƮ ɈǘƵɯ ȺǘƊǶǶ
          ƊȺȺɐǿƵǯȌǞȁɈƊȁƮȺƵɨƵȲƊǶȲƵȺȯȌȁȺǞƦǞǶǞɈǞƵȺ‫خ‬

    ׂ‫ خ‬ǶǶ ƮǞȲƵƧɈȌȲȺ ȌǏ ɈǘƵ !ȌǿȯƊȁɯ ǘƊɨƵ ƊɈɈƵȁƮƵƮ ɈǘƵ ǿƵƵɈǞȁǐ ȌǏ
        ɈǘƵ ȌƊȲƮ‫خ‬

    ‫§ خ׃‬ȲǞƧƵɩƊɈƵȲǘȌɐȺƵ!ȌȌȯƵȲȺ ǞȺȺɐƵƮ Ɗȁ ɐȁȱɐƊǶǞǏǞƵƮ ƊɐƮǞɈȌȲȺٚ
        ȲƵȯȌȲɈǏȌȲɈǘƵ!ȌǿȯƊȁɯ‫خ‬

    ׄ‫ خ‬ðƵȁǐ ©ǞȁǐǘȌȁǐ‫ ة‬ɈǘƵ ȯƵȲȺȌȁ Ǟȁ ƧǘƊȲǐƵ ȌǏ ɈǘƵ !ȌǿȯƊȁɯ‫ة‬
        IƵȁǐ åǞȁǐɯƊ‫ ة‬ɈǘƵ ǐƵȁƵȲƊǶ ǿƊȁƊǐƵȲ‫ ة‬àƊȁǐ (Ɗȁ‫ ة‬ɈǘƵ ȯƵȲȺȌȁ
        Ǟȁ ƧǘƊȲǐƵ ȌǏ ƊƧƧȌɐȁɈǞȁǐ ǏɐȁƧɈǞȌȁ ƊȁƮ ðǘƵȁǐ !ǘƊȌ‫ ة‬ɈǘƵ
        ǿƊȁƊǐƵȲ ȌǏ ɈǘƵ ƊƧƧȌɐȁɈǞȁǐ ƮƵȯƊȲɈǿƵȁɈ ‫ـ‬ƧƧȌɐȁɈǞȁǐ !ǘǞƵǏ‫ةف‬
        ȲƵȯȲƵȺƵȁɈ ɈǘƊɈ ɈǘƵɯ ɩƊȲȲƊȁɈ ɈǘƵ ɈȲɐɈǘǏɐǶȁƵȺȺ‫ ة‬ƊƧƧɐȲƊƧɯ ƊȁƮ
        ƧȌǿȯǶƵɈƵȁƵȺȺ ȌǏ ɈǘƵ ǏǞȁƊȁƧǞƊǶ ȺɈƊɈƵǿƵȁɈȺ ƧȌȁɈƊǞȁƵƮ Ǟȁ ɈǘǞȺ
        ƊȁȁɐƊǶȲƵȯȌȲɈ‫خ‬

    ‫˚ خׅ‬Ƶ ȯȲȌȯȌȺƊǶ ǏȌȲ ȯȲȌǏǞɈ ƮǞȺɈȲǞƦɐɈǞȌȁ ȌȲ ƧȌȁɨƵȲȺǞȌȁ ȌǏ ƧƊȯǞɈƊǶ
        ȲƵȺƵȲɨƵ ǞȁɈȌ ȺǘƊȲƵȺ ǏȌȲ ɈǘƵ ȲƵȯȌȲɈǞȁǐ ȯƵȲǞȌƮ ƊȺ ȲƵȺȌǶɨƵƮ Ʀɯ
        ɈǘƵ ȌƊȲƮ
          The Board proposed payment of final cash dividend of RMB1.8 per 10 shares (tax inclusive). Together
          with the cash dividend of RMB0.6 per 10 shares (including tax) paid during the interim period, the
          ratio of total cash dividend payment for the year to net profit attributable to the shareholders’
          equity of listed company for the year would be approximately 31.52%.



    ‫ خ׆‬ªǞȺǲȺȲƵǶƊɈǞȁǐɈȌǏȌȲɩƊȲƮٌǶȌȌǲǞȁǐȺɈƊɈƵǿƵȁɈȺ
          The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report regarding the Company’s future
          plans and development strategies do not constitute any substantive commitment to investors by
          the Company and investors are reminded of investment risks.




2
                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                   Annual Report 2022




                                              IMPORTANT NOTICE



‫ خׇ‬yȌƊȯȯȲȌȯȲǞƊɈǞȌȁȌǏǏɐȁƮȺȌǏɈǘƵ!ȌǿȯƊȁɯƦɯɈǘƵƧȌȁɈȲȌǶǶǞȁǐ
    ȺǘƊȲƵǘȌǶƮƵȲ ȌȲ ǞɈȺ ȲƵǶƊɈƵƮ ȯƊȲɈǞƵȺ ǏȌȲ ȁȌȁٌȌȯƵȲƊɈǞȌȁƊǶ
    ƊƧɈǞɨǞɈǞƵȺ‫خ‬

‫˚ خ׈‬ƵȲƵ ƊȲƵ ȁȌ ǐɐƊȲƊȁɈƵƵȺ ǐȲƊȁɈƵƮ ɈȌ ƵɮɈƵȲȁƊǶ ȯƊȲɈǞƵȺ Ʀɯ ɈǘƵ
    !ȌǿȯƊȁɯ Ǟȁ ɨǞȌǶƊɈǞȌȁ ȌǏ ɈǘƵ ȯȲƵȺƧȲǞƦƵƮ ƮƵƧǞȺǞȌȁٌǿƊǲǞȁǐ
    ȯȲȌƧƵƮɐȲƵȺ‫خ‬




                                                                                         3
Chairman’s
Statement
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2022



 Chapter 1

 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

                                                        Dear shareholders,

                                                        The year 2022 marks the 25th anniversary
                                                        of GAC Group, which is also a crucial year
                                                        for the Group’s implementation of the
                                                        “14th Five-Year” development plan. Amidst
                                                        the intricate international environment
                                                        and domestic situation characterised
                                                        by unpredictability and volatility, the
                                                        industrial transformation and adjustment
                                                        were accelerating remarkably this
                                                        year. Conf ronted with the extremely
                                                        challenging risks, the Group focused
                                                        on steady growth, supply preservation,
                                                        structural adjustment, market expansion,
                                                        q u a l i ty i m p rove m e n t a n d e f f i c i e n c y
                                                        enhancement, with its capabilities
                                                        covering enterprise competitiveness,
                                                        innovation, control, influence and risk
                                                        resistance comprehensively enhanced.
                                                        Our independent innovation, brand
                                                        image as well as comprehensive strength
                                                        l ea p e d f o r wa r d to a n e w l a n d m a r k ,
                                                        which represented a brilliant snapshot
                                                        an d convin cin g corroboration of th e
                                                        a chievem ents an d transformation of
                                                        historic significance which the Party and
                                                        our country have accomplished in various
                           an                           undertakings. On behalf of the Board,
             hong Chairm
ZENG Qing                                               I would like to express my h ear tfel t
                                                        gratitude to our shareholders, customers,
                                                        employees, partners and people from all
                                                        walks of life.




Thrived on the challenges, while production and operation sustained growth against the
unfavourable trend. Various adverse factors such as the shortage of chips and components, the
hindered logistics and terminal sales, and the dramatically soaring price of raw materials propelled
the Group to preserve supply chain stability by all means. The main operating indicators achieved
a vigorous growth at an overall speed much faster than the industry average. During the year, the
vehicle production and sales volume of the Group were 2,479,900 units and 2,433,800 units respectively,
representing a significant year-on-year increase of 15.99% and 13.50% respectively against the adversity,
which outperformed the industry average by an excess of 12.6 and 11.4 percentage points respectively.
The Group has maintained its position as the fourth place among domestic automobile enterprise
groups in terms of production and sales scale, with its market share increased to approximately 9.1%.

                                                                                                                     5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    Two self-developed brands delivered conspicuous results with the aggregated sale volume of 633,700
    units hitting a record high, comprising of GAC Trumpchi, which has achieved a sale volume of 362,500
    units, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.83%, and GAC AION which has achieved a sale volume
    of 271,200 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 125.67%. The overall development presents
    a satisfactory trend of high quality, effectiveness with promising potential. The Group recorded sales
    revenue of approximately RMB514.605 billion on an aggregated basis, representing a year-on-year
    increase of approximately 19.74%. The Group recorded the sales revenue of approximately RMB110.006
    billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 45.36%. The net profit attributable to
    owners of the parent company was approximately RMB7.983 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
    of approximately 6.28%; and the basic earnings per share was approximately RMB0.77, representing a




        Automobile              Automobile                Sales revenue on an
                                                                                          Sales revenue
       sales volume          production volume              aggregate basis
         2.4338                    2.4799                     RMB514.605                  RMB110.006
      million units             million units                   billion                     billion
       ‫ڭ׀ׅخ׃ׁگ‬                   ‫ڭ׉׉خׁׅگ‬                       ‫ڭׇׄخ׉ׁگ‬                     ‫ڭ׆׃خׅׄگ‬

                      Net profit attributable to                                   Total dividends
                           owners of the
                                                                               distributed throughout
                          parent company
                                                                                       the year
                        RMB7.983 billion
                           ‫ڭ׈ׂخ׆گ‬                                              RMB2.516 billion




    year-on-year increase of approximately RMB0.04. GAC was included in the Fortune Global 500 List for
    the tenth consecutive year, with the ranking of No.186 for the year 2022. In order to effectively return
    value to shareholders, the Board proposes to distribute to all shareholders a final dividend of RMB1.8 (tax
    inclusive) for every 10 shares. The total amount of dividends for distribution throughout the year amounts
    to approximately RMB2.516 billion.




6
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2022




                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Complemented and strengthened our business chain, and constructed a diversified industrial
ecosystem. Based on the national strategy “Dual Carbon”, the Group proactively promoted the
implementation of the “GLASS Plan” and the “26 Energy Action”, and accelerated the construction of
the vertically integrated new energy industry chain layout of “lithium mine + basic lithium raw material
production + battery production + energy storage, charging and swapping services + battery rent +
battery recycle and cascade utilisation”, with a view to reducing the cost of industry chain, realising the
autonomy and controllability of the entire industrial chain, and improving the core competitiveness
of the industry chain. Focusing on the supply chain and user needs to further extend the industrial
chain, the Group has accelerated the expansion of upstream projects in the industrial chain such as
mining prospecting to create an energy ecosystem. The construction of an independent power battery
industrialisation project has been smoothly initiated – IMPOW Battery, thereby filling the gap of research-
production integration for the battery industry in Guangzhou. The Group established Ruipai Power to
promote the integration of R&D, trial production, testing and mass production for self-developed electric
drive system. The Group also established GAC Energy to accelerate the establishment of the charging-
swapping-storage energy replenishment ecology and the battery recycling ecology. The Group exerted
its guiding role as “leading enterprise of the industry chain” to build the ecological carrier for industrial
clusters, among which, the production commences at GAC AION second intelligent manufacturing center
as its construction has been completed, and the GAC Zhilian New Energy Automotive Industrial Park has
absorbed investments amounting to RMB45.33 billion. Relying on the preponderant platforms such as
the ICV & NEV Industry Alliance of Pearl River Delta & Greater Bay Area, the Group will further integrate
the superior resources along the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain, so as to construct
an industry cluster center for ICV and NEV in the Greater Bay Area and build a global innovation hub of
ICV and NEV through creating a “Circle of Partners” in the GAC ecosystem that integrates innovation, co-
prosperity and symbiosis.


Leading-edge innovation expedited the “New Four Modernisations” transformation. We
persevered in scientific self-reliance and constantly reinforced our mastery of key core technologies.
During the year, approximately RMB6.5 billion was invested in R&D, and 3,255 new applications for
patents were submitted, of which 1,316 were invention patents, amounting to a total of over 14,000
patent applications, including more than 5,000 invention patent applications. Our patents have been
honoured with the China Appearance Patent Gold Award, the 2022 International CMF Design Award
and several science and technology awards at different levels. In the field of energy conservation and




          GAC AION Second Intelligent                               GAC L4 ROBOTAXI Fleet
            Manufacturing Center
                                                                                                                     7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    new energy, the Group released the Mega Waves Hybrid Modular Architecture, and promoted the
    research and development of high-efficiency engine technology with lower carbon footprints. The self-
    developed high-performance hybrid system has gone into mass production, which was awarded the
    “China Heart” Top 10 Engine and Hybrid System prize for the year 2022. The highest thermal efficiency
    of the 2.0 ATK engine as validly recognized is 44.14%, reaching an internationally advanced level. The
    self-developed “four-in-one” electric drive system was officially launched, thereby realising the in-depth
    integration of “dual motor + controller + two-gear reducer”. The self-developed microcrystalline SmLFP
    will effectively solve the existing problems in LiFePO4 battery such as slow charging rate, limited battery
    capacity and weak performance. In the field of intelligent connectivity, the development of the electrical
    architecture “X-soul” is progressing smoothly and is scheduled to be mass-produced for installation in
    2023, aiming at becoming the first mass-produced electrical architecture equipped with vehicle-cloud
    integration in China. With the introduction of ADiGO PILOT intelligent driving system, NDA Advanced
    Driver Assistance System realises intelligent travel in all scenarios. With the smart driving function with a
    focus on super parking at the “last mile”, the system supports more than 50 complex parking scenarios.
    The demonstrations for the unmanned Robotaxi are in operation, the commercialisation of which will be
    vigorously promoted.


    Simultaneously sought for breakthrough and revitalisation when the revolution is surmounting
    the obstinate obstacles. 2022 marks the final year of the “Double-Hundred Reform”. With
    comprehensive reform actions such as, the improvement campaign that benchmarked against first-
    class management, and the three-year reform of state-owned enterprises, the Group has fully completed
    various specific reform actions, especially in the optimisation of corporate governance, the tripartite
    institutional reforms and the mixed ownership reform, in all of which milestone reform achievements
    have been consummated. The Group was selected as an outstanding “Double Hundred Enterprise”
    and a “Practitioner in Management Benchmark Establishment” by the State-owned Assets Supervision
    and Administration Commission of the State Council. The Group completed the engagement of 8
    professional managers through a combination of reappointment and open recruitment, improved the
    appraisal mechanism of professional managers, and strengthened the precise and rigid appraisal over
    the professional managers subject to effective incentives as well as restraints. The Group impelled
    the mixed ownership reform in investee entities, distributed the share incentives to employees of
    GAC AION, entitled the GAEI technical personnel to hold the shares of GAC AION, fulfilled the share
    reform and Series A financing for GAC AION, having attracted policy-inducing strategic investors which
    have substantial market influence and industrial synergy, contributing to an accumulated amount of
    RMB20.86 billion being raised throughout the year. As a result, the post-Series A valuation of GAC AION
    has exceeded RMB100 billion, further consolidating the foundation for development. In addition, ON
    TIME and Juwan Technology Research each raised funds of approximately RMB1 billion during the year,
    and have been shortlisted into the “Forbes China 2022 Emerging Unicorn List” simultaneously, which
    stimulate vital corporate development in a continuous manner.




8
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



At present, in the midst of the unprecedented, once-in-a-century change in the world which evolves
rapidly, China is embarking on a great new journey of comprehensively building a modernised
socialist country. In response to such a momentous instant, the Group made interim adjustments
in response to the “14th Five-Year Plan” when it discerns the profound changes in the internal and
external environments. In accordance with the philosophy of “manufacturing industry predominates”
by Guangdong Province and the major strategic deployment of “industries as the top priority;
manufacturing industry lays the foundation of the city” by Guangzhou, the Group has planned the
development blueprint “Trillion GAC” and proposed the “1578 Development Outline of the Trillion GAC”.
It is envisioned that by the end of the “14th Five-Year Plan” period, the Group’s production and sales
volume will reach 3,300,000 units, striving to challenge the milestone of 3,650,000 units, with new energy
vehicles accounting for more than 25% of the Group’s total vehicle production and sales. By 2030, the
Group will endeavor to achieve one goal: with production and sales volume exceeding 4.75 million
vehicles, annual revenue (on a combined basis) amounting to RMB1 trillion, and profits tax amounting
to RMB100 billion, aiming at becoming a world-class high-tech enterprise characterised by excellent
products, distinguished brand image, cutting-edge innovation and modernised governance; create
momentum for five increment aspects, including transformative upgrade of vehicle manufacturing,
enhancement and extension of components industry chain, intellectualisation of commerce and
mobility transportation, energy and ecological empowerment, and courageous international expansion;
consolidate seven segments, including research and development, manufacture of vehicles, parts and
components, commercial services and mobility transportation, energy and ecology, internationalisation,
investment and finance; implement eight initiatives, including deepening the reform of the system and
mechanism, paying balanced attention to self-development and capital injection regarding technological
innovation, executing all-out upgrading of self-developed brands, reinforcing and extending the
industry chain for structural optimisation, comprehensively developing energy ecology, arranging in-
depth deployment of software business, seeking key breakthroughs in overseas markets, and exploring
innovation in smart transportation models.


The year 2023 will be the first year for thorough implementation of the spirit of the 20th National
Congress of the Communist Party of China and also a critical year for the Group’s high-quality
development, which will lay the cornerstone for “Trillion GAC”. Oriented by the development programs
under the “14th Five-Year Plan” and the magnificent blueprint of “Trillion GAC”, we will manifest the
dominant position of manufacturing industry and focus on high-quality development as the top priority,
so as to realise an innovative, efficient, profitable, resilient and sustainable development by all means. The
Group will place emphasis on increment improvement, stock vitalisation and variable catalysis, striving
for the challenging goal of a 10% year-on-year growth in automobile production and sales volume while
continuing to maintain a growth trend higher than the industry average.




                                                                                                                      9
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



     To adhere to strategic leadership through anchoring at the orientation towards high-quality
     development. Focusing on the transformation of the “New Four Modernisations” by complementing and
     strengthening the industry chain, the Group endeavours to create three key ecosystem carriers, namely,
     the “ecosystem for carrier of energy technology “, the “ecosystem for carrier of industrial chain” and the
     “ecosystem for carrier of industrial cluster” to preempt the niche market of intelligent NEV which shall
     characterise Guangzhou as a tera-scale “City for Intelligent Vehicle”. Through the three-pronged approach
     of “independent R&D + JV cooperation + M&A investment”, the Group will accelerate the development of
     core parts and components while expediting the roll out of homebred chips and software as substitution,
     so as to speedily excavate a “moat” of autonomy and controllability along the core industry chain. In order
     to shape its core product competitiveness and brand power, the Group will intensify the overwhelming
     superiority derived from independent brands and prioritise the marketing of “XEV+ICV” alongside the
     “EV+ICV”. The Group has founded Youpai Energy Technology Co., Ltd. as the Group’s mainbody in energy
     segment to accelerate the integration of resources in the energy ecosystem business with a diversified
     energy ecosystem established, which in turn generates new growth for the hundred billion-level industry.
     In virtue of accelerating internationalisation and the synergy of R&D, production, supply and marketing,
     the Group will vigorously expand its overseas market and export its self-developed brand products, which
     is expected to usher in a new path for the Group to achieve steady growth and sustainable development.


     To persist in benchmarking against forefront industry players, and motivate the vitality of
     high quality development. By adhering to the principle of “supremacy of consumers”, the Group
     will concentrate its efforts in product excellence and implement the product strategy of “smart
     appearance + cost-effective leadership”, with a view to rapidly rolling out the desirable products that
     could satisfy the consumers’ ever-changing needs, precisely cultivating our flagship products. From the
     perspective of brand awareness, the Group will profoundly integrate brand building into operational
     management, continue to promote the integration between brand and quality, brand and innovation,
     brand and international development, brand and capital, brand and corporate culture, thereby giving
     full demonstrative effect arising from brand building. Consciousness for pioneering innovation, as well
     as making breakthrough in the critical fields and the “bottleneck” technologies, will accelerate the
     commercialisation of independent R&D achievements and incubating new businesses, inventing more
     original and strategic technologies that serve the national strategies and enterprise development. To
     render effective modernised governance, the Group will perfect the corporate governance mechanism
     of “statutory and transparent rights and responsibilities, coordinated operation and effective balances”,
     adhere to and improve the high-quality development standard system, and practically enhance the
     ability of value creation and sustainable development.




10
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2022




                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



To persist in deepening reforms and enhance the impetus for high-quality development. By
adhering to the combination of comprehensive reform and tailormade reform, the Group will customise
the reform and development opinions for subordinate enterprises in accordance with the principle of “one
enterprise, one policy”, promote mixed ownership reform by categories and hierarchies, and accelerate
the spin-off of GAC AION. The Group will further improve capabilities on the use and operation of capital,
deploy innovation chains encompassing the industrial chains which in turn improve the maturity of
capital chains, vigorously promote forward-looking layout through the establishment of industrial
investment funds, systematically carry out capital operations in the fields of raw materials, chips, etc.
in the upstream of NEV industry, and forge a development pattern where technological innovation,
industrial development, and capital empowerment are organically converged and coordinated in
benign interaction. The Group will also strengthen the precise incentives for scientific and technological
innovation talents, promote the exhaustive industry-university-research integration, and cultivate top-
notch innovative talent teams and outstanding engineer groups, as well as to accelerate the digital
transformation, comprehensively promote digital upgrades in production and operation, deploy
the digitalisation along the entire industrial chain, facilitate the digital revolution, and empower the
transformation of the Group into a technology company.


The 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China has initiated a new journey to forge ahead,
which marks the critical period of us marching towards the second centennial goal and realising the
great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. Overlooking the new journey, emerging pattern and fresh
opportunities, GAC Group has portrayed the magnificent blueprint of “Trillion GAC”, and is striving to
become a world-class technology company characterised by its “excellent products, distinguished brand
image, cutting-edge innovation and modernised governance”. The journey is long and arduous but we
will get through with determination and perseverance. We will advocate a high-quality development,
uphold the dominant position of the manufacturing industry, undertake the challenging missions to
plough through, while in response to the challenges and hardship, we will unremittingly explore new
paths, shape new strengths, and stimulate new momentum. Striving onwards as a pioneer to embrace
the new horizons for high-quality development, GAC is exploring its practice for and contributing its
strength to the promotion of modernisation with Chinese characteristics.




                                                                                                                   11
     MAIN OPERATING INDICATORS

               Vehicle sales volume of the Group                 Energy-saving and new energy
                                                                vehicle sales volume of the Group
                          250                                                     90

                          240                                                     80
                                                                                  70
                          230



      0'000 units                                          0'000 units
                                                                                  60
                          220                                                     50
                          210                                                     40
                                                                                  30
                          200
                                                                                  20
                          190                                                     10
                          180                                                     0

                                   2020     2021    2022                                    2020     2021      2022

                                                             New energy vehicles                      Energy-saving vehicles



                                   Sales revenue on
                                                                                               Sales revenue
                                  an aggregated basis
                          6,000                                                   1,200




      100 million (RMB)                                       100 million (RMB)
                          5,000                                                   1,000

                          4,000                                                   800

                          3,000                                                   600

                          2,000                                                   400

                          1,000                                                   200

                          0                                                       0

                                   2020    2021     2022                                     2020     2021      2022



         Net proﬁt attributable to owners                                                 Expenditures in research
              of the parent company                                                          and development
                          80                                                      70
                          70                                                      60




      100 million (RMB)                                    100 million (RMB)
                          60                                                      50
                          50
                                                                                  40
                          40
                                                                                  30
                          30
                                                                                  20
                          20
                          10                                                      10

                          0                                                       0

                                   2020    2021     2022                                    2020     2021      2022



12
CORPORATE
PROFILE AND
SUMMARY
OF
BUSINESS
      Chapter 2

      CORPORATE PROFILE AND
      SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
     I.    CORPORATE INFORMATION
           Chinese name of the Company                      廣州汽車集團股份有限公司
           Chinese abbreviation                             廣汽集團
           English name of the Company                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
           English abbreviation                             GAC Group
           Legal representative                             Zeng Qinghong



     II.   CONTACT PERSON AND CONTACT METHOD
                                                            Company Secretary/Secretary to the Board
           Name                                             Sui Li
           Address                                          GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New
                                                              Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
           Telephone                                        020-83151139
           Facsimile                                        020-83150319
           E-mail                                           ir@gac.com.cn



     III. BASIC INFORMATION
           Registered address of the Company                23/F, Chengyue Building, 448-458 Dong Feng
                                                              Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
           Office address of the Company                    GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New
                                                              Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
           Postal code of the Company’s office address      510623
           Head office and principal place of business in   Room 808, Citicorp Centre, 18 Whitfield Road,
            Hong Kong                                         Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
           Company’s website                                www.gac.com.cn
           E-mail                                           ir@gac.com.cn
           Investor hotline                                 020-83151139 Ext.3



     IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND PLACE OF INSPECTION
           Names of the media for annual report             China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
            disclosure of the Company                         Securities Times and Securities Daily
           Website of the SSE for annual report             www.sse.com.cn
            disclosure of the Company
           Website of the Stock Exchange for                www.hkexnews.hk
            annual report disclosure of the Company
           Place of inspection of the annual report         22/F, GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang
            of the Company                                    New Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou



14
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2022




             CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



V. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY’S SHARES
                            Stock exchange of                Stock
   Class of shares          listing shares                   abbreviation            Stock code



   A shares                 SSE                              GAC GROUP               601238
   H shares                 Stock Exchange                   GAC GROUP               02238



VI. OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION
   Auditors          Name                      ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP
    (domestic)       Business address          8/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion, No.8, Chaoyangmen
                                                Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing
                     Name of signatory         Chen Jinqi, Ou Jinguang
                      accountants


   Auditors          Name                      PricewaterhouseCoopers
    (overseas)                                 Certified Public Accountants and Registered PIE Auditor
                     Business address          22/F, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong
                     Name of signatory         Lam Wai Nang
                      accountant


   Sponsor           Name                      China International Capital Corporation Limited
    performing       Business address          27th Floor & 28th Floor, China World Office 2, 1
    continuous                                  Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing
    supervisory      Name of the chief         Zhou Jiaqi, Zhang Xiqing
    duty during       signatory of financial
    the reporting     advisors
    period           Period of continuous      The Company completed the non-public issuance
                      supervision               of A shares in November 2017, during which the
                                                corresponding continuous supervision period was
                                                from 17 November 2017 to 31 December 2018, and the
                                                sponsor continued to perform the relevant ongoing
                                                supervision obligations before the raised proceeds
                                                were fully utilised


   H share           Name                      Tricor Investor Services Limited
    registrar of     Address of the            17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
    the Company       registrar                 Kong.




                                                                                                                  15
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



     VII. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
        The existing principal businesses of the Group consist of research and development, manufacture
        of vehicles (vehicles and motorcycles), parts and components, commercial services, financial
        services and mobility transportation, which form a complete closed-loop industry chain.



        1.   Research and development
             The Group’s R&D is based on GAEI, a directly
             funded and managed body of the Company, and
             also a subsidiary of the Company and a strategic
             business division operating relatively independently within the authorised scope. It is
             mainly responsible for the Group’s general development plan of new products and new
             technologies, as well as implementation of material R&D projects.



        2.   Manufacture of vehicles
             (1)   The manufacture of passenger
                   vehicles is mainly conducted
                   through subsidiaries, including
                   GAMC, GAC AION and joint
                   ventures, including GAC Honda,
                   GAC Toyota and GAC Mitsubishi.


                   ¾     Products: The Group’s
                         passenger vehicles include
                         16 series of sedans, 30 series
                         of SUV and 4 series of MPV.
                         During the reporting period,
                         the Group launched new or upgraded models such as GAC Trumpchi EMKOO,
                         M8 Grandmaster, GAC AION Y Plus, GAC AION LX Plus, GAC Toyota Frontlander,
                         Venza (including HEV), bZ4X, GAC Honda ZR-V, e:NP1, new Breeze, new Vezel,
                         GAC Mitsubishi Airtrek, etc.




16
                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                              Annual Report 2022




CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



 Fuel-engined vehicle products of the Group mainly include:


 •    GAC Trumpchi Empow, GS4, GS8, M8, Emkoo, etc.;


 •    GAC Honda Accord, Integra, Vezel, Fit, Breeze, etc.;


 •    GAC Toyota Camry, Levin, Wildlander, Yaris L, Frontlander, Venza, etc.;


 •    GAC Mitsubishi Outlander, etc.;


 Energy conservation and new energy products of the Group include:


 •    GAC Trumpchi GS4 • PHEV, GS8 HEV, etc.;


 •    GAC AION AION S, AION Y, etc.;


 •    GAC Honda Accord Sport Hybrid, Odyssey Sport Hybrid, e:NP1, ZR-V e:HEV, etc.;


 •    GAC Toyota Camry HEV, Highlander HEV, Levin HEV, Sienna, BZ4X, etc.;


 •    GAC Mitsubishi Airtrek, etc.;


 The commercial vehicles are mainly manufactured by GAC Hino, a joint venture, and
 GAC BYD, an associated company. Main products include light and heavy trucks,
 construction vehicles and large to medium-sized passenger vehicles, etc.


 ¾    Production capacity: During the reporting period, the construction of GAC
      AION intelligent ecological factory capacity expansion project (Phase II), GAC
      AION second intelligent manufacturing center and GAC Toyota’s new energy
      vehicle capacity expansion project (Phase II) were completed and put into
      operation. As at the end of the reporting period, the total vehicle production
      capacity amounted to 3,065,000 units per annum.




                                                                                                    17
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



                  ¾     Sales channel: In order to flexibly respond to market changes, the Group
                        actively explored the innovation of marketing models and created a dual-track
                        model of “Direct Sales+Distribution, Online+Offline, Automobile City+Commercial
                        Supermarkets”. Centering on the customers’ demand for online consumption, the
                        Group focused on the operational management of new media and construction
                        on digitalisation, constantly launched and optimised its order tools for online
                        direct sales, dedicated to improve the operating efficiency of APPs deployed
                        in various OEMs to provide superior purchasing experience for customers. The
                        Group conducts automobile sales through sales outlets and online channels. As
                        at the end of the reporting period, the Company, together with its joint ventures
                        and associated enterprises, had 2,684 passenger vehicle 4S sales outlets covering
                        31 provinces, counties, autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC. GAC
                        International has established a total of 120 outlets around the world, with its sales
                        and service business covering 28 countries and regions.


            (2)   Motorcycles
                  The Group manufactures motorcycles through its joint venture Wuyang-Honda. Main
                  products include standard motorcycles, sport bikes and scooters, etc. As at the end of
                  the reporting period, the total production capacity of motorcycles of the Group was 1.25
                  million units per annum.



       3.   Commercial and mobility transportation services
            Mainly through its subsidiary, GAC Business, its controlling and investee companies,
            GAC International, Da Sheng Technology, and its associated company “ON TIME” etc.
            in the upstream and downstream of the automobile industrial chain, the Group carried
            on businesses in vehicle sales (export inclusive), logistics, international trading, second-
            hand vehicles, end-of-life vehicles disassembling, resources recycling, supporting services,
            digitalisation and mobility transportation services, etc.




18
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



4.   Parts and components
     The Group’s production of parts and components was mainly carried out through the
     controlling, jointly controlled, investee companies of its subsidiary, GAC Component, and
     GAC Toyota Engine and Shanghai Hino, the Group’s associated companies. The parts and
     components include engines, gearboxes, car seats, micro motors, shifter, electric controller,
     interior and exterior decorations. The products were mainly accessories for manufacture of
     vehicles of the Group.




5.   Finance
     The Group carried on financial investment, insurance, insurance brokerage, finance lease,
     automobile credit, and other related businesses mainly through its subsidiaries, namely GAC
     Finance Company, China Lounge Investments, GAC Capital, Urtrust Insurance, and its joint
     venture, GAC-SOFINCO, etc.




                                                                                                           19
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



     VIII. A N A L Y S I S O N C O R E C O M P E T I T I V E N E S S D U R I N G T H E
           REPORTING PERIOD
         The Group persisted in promoting development through innovation and reform, continued to
         deepen the reform on system and mechanism with increasingly mature governance, took the lead
         in carrying out the reform of professional managers among state-owned enterprises in Guangzhou.
         The Group also continued to optimise the functions of organisational structures, established and
         perfected diversified incentive mechanisms, steadily promoted the mixed ownership reform of
         investment enterprises, actively promoted digital transformation and core competitiveness was
         continuously enhanced.



         1.   Industry layouts with complete industry chain and optimised
              structure

              The Group has formed an industrial strategic layout based in South China and radiating
              to Central China, East China and Northwest China and a complete closed-loop industrial
              chain centering upon manufacture of vehicles and covering R&D of vehicles and parts
              and components in the upstream and automobile business, financial service and mobility
              service in the downstream, which is one of the automobile groups in the PRC with the
              most integrated industrial chain and the most optimised industry layout. The synergy in the
              upstream and downstream of the industrial chain progressed gradually, new profit growth
              points have been emerging and the comprehensive competitiveness of the Group has been
              constantly enhanced. During the reporting period, the construction of GAC AION intelligent
              ecological factory capacity expansion project (Phase II), GAC AION second intelligent
              manufacturing center, and GAC Toyota’s new energy vehicle capacity expansion project (Phase
              II) were completed and put into operation, and GAC Energy, IMPOW Battery and Ruipai
              Power (銳湃動力) were founded, thereby improving the layout of NEV industry.



         2.   Advanced manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality and procedural
              management
              The Group has comprehensive advantages in terms of manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality
              and procedural management which mainly include: (1) the world’s leading quality advantage;
              (2) innovative advantage brought by “continuous improvement”; (3) cost advantage brought
              by the pursuit of excellence.




20
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



3.   Continued to enrich product line and optimise product structure
     The Group has a full range of products including sedans, SUV and MPV and continued
     to research and develop and introduce new models and product iterations to maintain
     market competitiveness of its products in order to meet changes in consumer demand. It
     maintained customer loyalty and a widely recognised brand reputation. During the reporting
     period, the Group launched new or facelift models such as GAC Trumpchi EMKOO, M8
     Grandmaster, GAC AION Y Plus, AION LX Plus, GAC Toyota Frontlander, Venza (including
     HEV), bZ4X, GAC Honda ZR-V, e: NP1, new Vezel, new Breeze, Integra (e: HEV), GAC Mitsubishi
     Airtrek, new Outlander, etc.



4.   Initiated the “GAC Model” for the R&D and production system of
     self-developed brands
     After years of introduction, digestion, absorption and innovation, the Group accumulated
     funds, technologies, talents and experience, and formulated a world-class production system.
     For R&D, through the integration of advantageous global resources and the establishment
     of a global R&D network, the Group has formed a cross-platform and modular-structured
     forward development system, and has been equipped with the advantage of integrated
     innovation. The Group also owns nationally recognised enterprise technology center, overseas
     high-level talent innovation and entrepreneurship base, national demonstration base for
     talent introduction, academician workstation, postdoctoral research workstation and other
     innovation platforms. Overall supervision system of vehicle models and incentive mechanism
     of model team were comprehensively implemented to form a system and mechanism for the
     integration of research, production and sale with high efficiency and mutual benefit. During
     the reporting period, GAC European R&D Center as well as GAC Milan Prospective Design
     Center opened for operation in Milan, Italy, thereby extending the global R&D network of
     GAC.




                                                                                                           21
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



       5.   Leading independent R&D abilities of NEV and ICV
            For the new energy field, the Group has the leading exclusive PEV platform GEP3.0, the first
            application of the deep-integrated “three-in-one” electric automobile system and two-gear
            dual-motor “four-in-one” integrated electric automobile system. The Group deeply engaged
            in the independent research and development as well as the industrial application of
            power battery and battery cells, self-developed power battery technologies such as sponge
            silicon anode battery technology, ultra-fast charging battery technology and the magazine
            battery system safety technology. These help creating the AION series and the Hyper series,
            which are new energy vehicle product systems based on the new exclusive PEV platform.
            The Group has also successfully introduced a variety of new energy products to the joint
            ventures. In the field of energy conservation, the Group established the Mega Waves Hybrid
            Modular Architecture adopting platform-based modular designs, which were available for
            assembly of the powertrain system self-adaptive to all XEV models (i.e. hybrid models such as
            HEV and PHEV). In the field of ICV, the Group has independently developed the ADiGO PILOT
            intelligent driving system (including NDA advanced driver assistance system, super parking,
            and unmanned driving) and the centralised computing electronic and electrical architecture
            “X-soul” equipped with vehicle-cloud integration. During the reporting period, GAC’s self-
            developed high-performance GMC hybrid system (2.0ATK engine+GMC2.0 electromechanical
            coupling system) has been equipped on Trumpchi EMPOW and EMKOO (hybrid version) for
            launching. The functions including ADiGO PILOT NDA advanced driver assistance system and
            super parking have been installed in AION LX plus, Trumpchi EMKOO for mass production,
            and ADiGO SPACE smart cockpit has been equipped in Trumpchi EMKOO, AION Y Plus and
            other models for mass production.



       6.   Connection to worldwide capital operation platforms
            The Group successfully built capital operation platforms in both A share and H share markets,
            which are favourable to the Group in adequately leveraging on investment and financing
            instruments in various forms from domestic and overseas capital markets to achieve effective
            resources allocation and realise the maximisation of capital appreciation and corporate value
            through the integration of internal and external growth. The Company explored structural
            reform in governance, continued to improve mid-term and long-term incentive mechanism
            and to expand its investment and financing sector, optimised financing structure, and the
            role of finance in supporting the main business has been significantly enhanced.




22
MANAGEMENT
 DISCUSSION
       AND
   ANALYSIS
     Chapter 3

     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     AND ANALYSIS
     1578 Development                              To create momentum for
                                                   increment aspects
     Outline of the                                Transformative            Enhancement and
     Trillion GAC                                  upgrade of vehicle
                                                   manufacturing
                                                                             extension of parts and
                                                                             components industry
                                                                             chain
                                                   Intellectualisation of     Energy and ecological
                                                   commerce and mobility empowerment
                                                   transportation
                                                           Courageous international expansion



                                                   To consolidate
                                                   segments
     ¨ȸȒƳɖƬɎǣȒȇ ƏȇƳ ɀƏǼƺɀ                                                   Manufacture of
                                                   development               vehicles
     volume ƺɴƬƺƺƳǣȇǕ
                                                   Parts and                 Commerce and
     ȅǣǼǼǣȒȇɮƺǝǣƬǼƺɀ   components                mobility transportation

                                                   Energy and ecology        Internationalisation
     Revenue amounting to
                                                               XȁɨƵȺɈǿƵȁɈƊȁƮ˛ȁƊȁƧƵ
     RMB          trillion

                                                   To implement
     ¨ȸȒˡɎɀ ɎƏɴƏȅȒɖȇɎǣȇǕɎȒ                       initiatives
     R MB                    billion                 Deepening the reform of the system and
                                                     mechanism
                                                     Paying balanced attention to
                                                     self-development and capital injection regard-
                                                     ing technological innovation
                                                     Executing all-out upgrading of
                                                     self-developed brands
                                                     Reinforcing and extending the industry
                                                     chain for structural optimisation
                                                     Comprehensively developing energy ecology

                                                     Arranging in-depth deployment of software
                                                     business
                                                     Seeking key breakthroughs in overseas markets

                                                     Exploring innovation in smart
     Note: revenue represents the sales revenue      transportation models
           on an aggregated basis
24
                                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022




                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



I.   ANALYSIS ON INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT
     In 2022, under the circumstances of intricate and rigorous international landscape, multiple
     unanticipated factors have imposed a severe impact on economic operation. As China prospectively
     implemented the established policies and initiatives, continued to promote structural reforms on
     the supply end, timely introduced a series of policies and follow-up measures for economy stability,
     and implemented multiple measures in response to the outstanding contradictions of insufficient
     effective demand which were conducive to investment expansion, consumerisation and steady
     foreign trade performance, the overall economic structure were stabilised to operate within a
     reasonable range. Confronted with the severe challenges likewise, the automobile industry has
     experienced and conquered various unfavorable factors such as the structural shortage of chips
     and the continuing high price of raw materials, maintained the momentum of recovering growth,
     and realised a sound growth trend while maintaining stability throughout the year in terms of
     automobile production and sales. The annual domestic production and sales volume of vehicles in
     2022 were 27,021,000 units and 26,864,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase
     of 3.4% and 2.1% respectively. The production and sales volume continued to be the first in the
     world.



           Domestic Monthly Automobile Sales Volume from 2020 to 2022
          0'000 units
          300                                                                                                                        100%
                                                                                                                                      80%
          250
                                                                                                                                      60%
                                                                  23.8%     29.7%    32.1%                                            40%
          200                                                                                  25.7%
                           18.7%
                                                                                                         6.9%                         20%
                   0.9%
                                     -11.7%              -12.6%                                                    -7.9%    -8.4%
          150                                                                                                                          0%

                                              -47.6%
                                                                                                                                     -20%
          100
                                                                                                                                     -40%
                                                                                                                                     -60%
           50
                                                                                                                                     -80%
            0                                                                                                                        -100%
                January   February    March      April   May      June      July    August   September October   November December

                                          2020           2021             2022         Year-on-year change



     In terms of segment market, in 2022, the production and sales volume of passenger vehicles were
     23,836,000 units and 23,563,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.2% and
     9.5% respectively. Among them, the growth rate of sales volume of high-end brand passenger cars
     slowed down with a year-on-year increase of 11.1%, which was 1.6 percentage points higher than
     that of passenger cars. Among the main varieties of passenger vehicles, the annual production and
     sales scale of SUV still surpassed that of sedans and ranked the first place, with production and
     sales volume reaching 11,381,000 units and 11,187,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-year
     increase of 13.5% and 10.8%; sedans maintained a vigorous growth trend in 2022, with production
     and sales volume reaching 11,187,000 units and 11,116,000 units, a year-on-year increase of 12.5% and
     11.5%; the production and sales of MPV and cross passenger vehicles have experienced a significant
                                                                                                                                                25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       decline, among which, the production and sales volume of MPV sagged below one million units
       respectively, amounting to 951,000 units and 937,000 units, a year-on-year decrease of 11.3% and
       11.2%; the production and sales volume of cross passenger vehicles were 317,000 units and 323,000
       units, a year-on-year decrease of 20.3% and 17.4%.


                                                                  Domestic Market Share
                                      4%             1.4%
                                                                    of Passenger Vehicles
                                                                             by Models in 2022

                                                                           47.2%




                                                                                            Sedans
                       47.5%                                                                   SUV
                                                                                               MPV
                                                                            Cross passenger vehicles




       Among which, 11,766,000 units of passenger vehicles of Chinese brands were sold, representing a
       year-on-year increase of 22.8%, accounting for 49.9% of the total sales volume of passenger vehicles.
       Among the major foreign brands, when compared with the previous year, except for French series
       bearing a slight increase in the proportion of total sales of passenger vehicles, German series,
       Japanese series, American series and Korean series were all on a declining curve.


              Domestic Market Share of Passenger Vehicles by Series in 2022
                               60


                               50


                               40


                               30


                               20


                               10


                                0
                                           Chinese    German    Japanese    American   Korean   French
                                           brands      series     series     series    series   series
                                    2021    41.1       22.3       22.6        9.6       2.7      1.2
                                    2022    49.9       19.5       17.8        9.4       1.6      1.7
                                                         2021              2022

26
                                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Affected by the prolonged cycle of truck replacement boom in the previous year, the production
and sales volume of commercial vehicles have both dropped sharply. In 2022, the production
and sales volume of commercial vehicles were 3,185,000 units and 3,300,000 units respectively,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 31.9% and 31.2% respectively.



 Domestic Monthly Sales Volume of New Energy Vehicles from 2020 to 2022
        0’000 units
        90
                                                                                                                   78.6    81.4
        80
                                                                                               70.8     71.4
        70                                                                          66.6
                                                                  59.6     59.3
        60

        50                              48.4
                    43.1                                  44.7
        40
                              33.4
                                                 29.9
        30

        20

         10

             0
                 January   February   March    April     May     June    July     August   September October   November December

                                                       2020       2021            2022


Note: The above industry data was from CAAM.


The tremendous growth momentum of new energy vehicles remained unabated, with monthly
production and sales hitting new highs in succession, and the overall performance of production
and sales exceeded our expectations by virtue of the market share of 25.6%. In 2022, the production
and sales volume of new energy vehicles were 7,058,000 units and 6,887,000 units respectively,
representing a year-on-year increase of 96.9% and 93.4% respectively.




                                                                                                                                          27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     II.   ANALYSIS ON OPERATION OF THE COMPANY

           1.   Incrementally improve the automobile production and sales with
                more superior quality
                During the reporting period, the Group effectively surmounted the difficulties such as
                the shortage of chips and components, the obstacles in logistics and terminal sales, and
                soaring price of raw materials, while sparing no effort to preserve stable supply, leading
                to a substantial growth in production and operation against adversity. In 2022, the vehicle
                production and sales volume of the Group were 2,479,900 units and 2,433,800 units
                respectively, representing a significant year-on-year increase of 15.99% and 13.50% respectively
                against the general sluggish trend, which outperformed the industry average by an excess of
                12.6 and 11.4 percentage points, respectively; the Group maintained its position as the fourth
                place among domestic automobile enterprise groups in terms of production and sales scale,
                with its market share increased to approximately 9.1%.


                                           Monthly Sales Volume of GAC Group
                       Units

                     250,000


                     200,000


                     150,000


                     100,000


                      50,000


                          0
                               January   February   March   April   May    June   July   August   September October   November December

                                                                    2021      2022



                In 2022, the production and sales volume of the Group’s passenger vehicles were 2,479,400
                units and 2,433,200 units, respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.11% and
                13.61%, respectively, while its market share in domestic automobile enterprise groups was
                approximately 10.33%. In terms of vehicle categories, the sales volume of sedans, SUV and
                MPV increased by 11.15%, 12.07% and 38.40% year-on-year, respectively. The production and
                sales volume of new energy passenger vehicles continued to maintain rapid growth, and its
                production and sales volume for the year were 315,900 units and 309,500 units, respectively,
                representing a year-on-year increase of 118.33% and 116.69% respectively, while the proportion
                of energy-saving vehicles continuously increased, with the production and sales volume for
                the whole year being 474,000 units and 452,500 units respectively, representing a year-on-
                year increase of 59.86% and 51.44% respectively. During the reporting period, the proportion
                of sales volume of the Group’s energy-saving vehicles and new energy vehicles increased to
                31.31%.
28
                                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022




                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



         2.       Self-developed brands hit new records
                  Through the implementation of the triennium adjustment plan and the adoption of a series
                  of comprehensive adjustment measures to strengthen user operations, the product strength
                  of the Group’s self-developed brands has continued to improve, and the trend of stabilisation
                  and improvement has become increasingly steady. In 2022, the production and sales volume
                  of self-developed brands were 647,000 units and 633,700 units respectively, creating the best
                  record in the development history of GAC’s self-developed brand business, of which NEV
                  sales accounted for about 43%.

                  (1)      GAMC
                           Against the backdrop of a substantial year-on-year decline in the conventional energy
                           vehicle market, GAMC’s annual production and sales volumes were 373,500 units and
                           362,500 units, respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.55% and 11.83%.
                           GAMC has defined the unequivocal strategy of transforming itself into a comprehensive
                           hybrid and new energy advocator, focusing on the “XEV+ICV” dual-core strategy, and
                           accelerating the transformation into a technology-based and youth-oriented brand. For
                           the year, new models and hybrid models such as Trumpchi EMKOO, M8 Grandmaster,
                           and EMPOW Hybrid were released, making the Group rank first in terms of the sales
                           volume of self-developed HEV brand. The annual sales of the M8 series exceeded
                           65,000 units, which has maintained the top-seller for the luxury MPV brand in China
                           for 39 consecutive months; the sales volume of the second-generation Trumpchi GS8
                           exceeded 57,000 units, continuing to maintain the top-seller of gasoline-electric hybrid



                                                                     Emkoo

       M8 Grandmaster                                                                                         Empow Hybrid




                                              Trumpchi Emkoo was launched in October 2022.
                                              It has three multicolor displays integrated in           Trumpchi Empow Hybrid was
The new generation of Trumpchi M8             one machine: 14.6-inch large screen embedded             launched in October 2022, equipped
Grandmaster is the flagship model of          onto central console equipped with giant screen          with 2.0L ATK high-efficiency engine
Trumpchi which appeared on the market         technology + 10.25-inch LCD instrument panel             + GMC 2.0 electromechanical
in November 2022. It is equipped with         + projective digital Windshield Head-up Display          coupling system supported by MEGA
a lion-dancing foreface, a longitudinal-      (W-HUD). The 2,750mm long wheelbase plus                 WAVE hybrid powertrain, which
framed grille, and the “awakening             the sporty 1,901mm wide-body model provide               realises a comprehensive power
eye” headlights. It has luxurious and         a smooth driving experience with stretched               at 175kw, acceleration time of 3.4s
comfortable double-row seats, and a full-     transverse space. This model has 11 functions of L2      to complete 0-60km/h, and 100km
perspective center console + embracing        driver assistance system and super parking, being        fuel consumption amounting to
cockpit design. The 2.0T+ fourth-             equipped with a 2.0L ATK high-efficiency engine          4.33L (WLTC working condition).
generation THS hybrid system of the           + GMC 2.0 electromechanical coupling system              The ADiGO intelligent Internet of
same model as Toyota combines efficient       supported by MEGA WAVE hybrid powertrain,                Vehicles ecosystem and L2-level
energy conservation with strong power,        which realises a vehicle WLTC fuel consumption           intelligent driver assistance system
while the 360° omnibearing airbag             of 4.76L/100km and acceleration time of 3.9s to          installed therein provides a superior
restraint system could provide all-round      complete 0-60km/h.                                       intelligent driving experience.       29
bodywork protection.
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                            SUV in China. During the 25th anniversary of Hong Kong’s return to the motherland,
                            Trumpchi GA8, GS8, and M8 formed the “Mission Guardian” to demonstrate the high-
                            end strength of Chinese auto brands to the world. By deepening the “Golden Triangle”
                            brand marketing strategy, focusing on improving user experience, and building a new
                            digital marketing model, the Group has received registration from 106,000 Trumpchi
                            users as super partners.


                    (2)     GAC AION
                            In 2022, GAC AION continued to maintain rapid growth, and its annual production and
                            sales volume amounted to 273,500 units and 271,200 units, respectively, representing
                            a year-on-year increase of 125.33% and 125.67%, which was far higher than the industry
                            average among the new energy passenger vehicles. GAC AION focused on “EV+ICV”



                                                                                                 Hyper GT
           AION Y Plus




                                                AION LX Plus



      AION Y Plus was launched in
      September 2022. It has 10 trendy                                                    Hyper GT was officially unveiled at the
      exterior colors, 5 interior themes,                                                 Guangzhou International Auto Exhibition
      and customised two-tone wheel                                                       in December 2022, representing the
      hubs; simple technological interior                                                 first released flagship model of Hyper
      style characterised by 2.0m 2 vast                                                  equipped with the brand new LOGO
      canopy, 32-color beam ambient                                                       “Arrow of AI”, and AEP3.0 exclusive EV
      light; inherent functions such                                                      platform +X-soul architecture as the
      as intelligent voice interaction,                                                   trump card providing dual technological
      independent recognition of                                                          enchantment. By adopting the design
      emotion and posture, full-              The intelligent long-journey EV flagship,   language of “Flourish”, this model
      perception interactive system, AION     AION LX Plus, was launched in January       is equipped with a rotatable pinion
      health cockpit, intelligent driving     2022. It takes the “Galaxy Ark” as the      (electrically controllable rotor door),
      & parking (ADiGO PILOT intelligent      design inspiration, and uses the “Sailing   a folding empennage (tri-folded and
      driving system), one-click remote       stormy waves” modeling language to          electric), a wind-edge grille (integrated
      parking in all scenarios, intelligent   perfectly integrate dynamic posture,        and biomimetic). It also has an AICS
      540° panorama image, etc.               super large space, and ultra-low wind       intelligent chassis system and a multi-
      There are two versions with a           resistance. The maximum driving             fusion perception system, which is the
      comprehensive driving mileage of        mileage under comprehensive working         pioneering model to accommodate
      510km and 610km for selection.          conditions can reach to 1,008km, and        the Fengyun-3 infrared remote sensing
                                              it is equipped with three second-           technology and three second-generation
                                              generation intelligent variable-focus       intelligent variable-focus lidars.
                                              lidars.



30
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2022




                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



      and launched new models such as AION Y Plus, AION LX Plus, and AION V Plus to
      continuously improve its product competitiveness. AION Y and AION S series products
      maintained hot-selling, with sales volume exceeding 100,000 units, ranking among
      the forefront in the market segment. GAC AION insisted on vertical brand extension,
      released brand new LOGO – “Arrow of AI” and launched the innovative high-end brand
      series, Hyper together with the first model thereunder- mass-produced EV supercars,
      Hyper SSR and Hyper GT, ushering in a new era of comprehensive high-end branding.
      GAC AION continued to practise innovate marketing reforms, build up an ecological
      marketing system of “APP direct sales + dealership distribution”, and promote the
      AION+Hyper dual system operation, thereby bringing innovation in user operations and
      ecological benefits, so as to achieve sustainable ecological revenue generation.


(3)   International business
      The international business accelerated, including the establishment of GAC
      International, which would in turn function as the medium for the Group’s self-
      developed brand to carry out the international business. There has been a total
      of 120 outlets established around the world, covering 28 countries and regions in
      the Middle East, America, Africa, Southeast Asia, and Eastern Europe for sale and
      service businesses. In 2022, the Group exported 33,000 self-developed brand vehicles,
      representing a year-on-year increase of 59.7%, despite suffering from the impact
      of geopolitics and chip shortages. GAC European R&D Center as well as GAC Milan
      Prospective Design Center opened for operation in Milan, Italy, which extend the global
      R&D network of GAC.




                                                                                                      31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       3.   Joint venture brands achieved steady growth
            In 2022, the sales volume of vehicles under the Group’s joint venture brands reached 1,800,000
            units, a year-on-year increase of 5.89%. Among them, GAC Toyota’s production and sales
            volume exceeded 1,000,000 units, a year-on-year increase of over 20%, setting a record high
            and becoming the first vehicle manufacturer of the Group with production and sales volume
            exceeding one million units. GAC Honda strove to improve product quality and service levels,
            and has become the first company in China to be ranked No. 1 in terms of SSI, CSI and IQS
            in the survey for the mainstream car market initiated by J.D. Power. During the reporting
            period, the joint venture brands launched new or facelift models such as GAC Toyota
            Frontlander, Venza (including HEV), bZ4X, GAC Honda ZR-V, e:NP1, new Vezel, new Breeze,
            Integra (e: HEV), GAC Mitsubishi Airtrek, new Outlander, etc. GAC Toyota Camry, Highlander,
            Wildlander, Frontlander, Sienna, YARiS L, GAC Honda Accord, Fit, Vezel, Breeze, Odyssey, etc.,
            which continued to occupy the forefront of the market segment. The joint venture brands
            continued to accelerate the promotion of hybrid models, resulting in a steady proportional
            increase of energy-efficient cars. GAC Toyota sold 294,000 energy-efficient cars, representing
            a year-on-year increase of 60.6%. GAC Honda sold 121,000 energy-efficient cars, representing
            a year-on-year increase of 4.4%.




                Frontlander

                                                 Frontlander was launched in January 2022 based on the TNGA-C platform,
                                                 being positioned as a compact SUV. Frontlander’s appearance embodies
                                                 urban fashion style, equipped with 2.0L naturally aspirated quadruple-cylinder
                                                 engine, and advanced technological equipment such as Toyota Safety Sense,
                                                 which profoundly corresponds with the needs of young users. Looking
                                                 forward to the future, Frontlander will form a stereoscopic product line with
                                                 Highlander and Wildlander, covering the mainstream SUV market in an all-
                                                 round way.




                                 Venza                              Officially launched in January 2022, Venza is GAC Toyota’s new
                                                                    TNGA luxury flagship five-seater SUV. Its modelling adopts the
                                                                    design concept called Refined-tech Simplicity, to present an
                                                                    elegant appearance and light luxury interior. It is equipped with
                                                                    2.0L gasoline power or 2.5L HEV power, and provides two kinds
                                                                    of four-wheel drive options. The launch of Venza has filled the
                                                                    gap between Wildlander and Highlander, further enriched GAC
                                                                    Toyota’s SUV merchandise line, and provided users with more
                                                                    choices.




32
                                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022




                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                          bZ4X


                                                                                                    ZR-V




The bZ4X was officially launched in October 2022, adopting Toyota’s
first exclusive EV platform based on e-TNGA. It is equipped with the
newly developed X-MODE function and the Grip-control intelligent
self-adaptive system for multiple road conditions, giving full play to
the characteristics of electric motor driving and meeting the usage
requirements of consumers ranging from daily life to light off-road
                                                                              ZR-V was officially launched in August 2022. Through the
driving. In addition, in terms of safety and security, in addition to the
                                                                              breakthrough in the family-style design of appearance,
unremitting pursuit of extreme battery safety, bZ4X also adopts the
                                                                              exquisite and elegant interior design, excellent control
cutting-edge “Toyota Safety Sense” auxiliary package, solar panel
                                                                              performance as you wish, as well as BOSE audio, card
panoramic sunroof, etc., to ensure superlative relief and safety.
                                                                              key, comprehensive active and passive safety system and
                                                                              other configuration upgrades, ZR-V has comprehensively
                                                                              established its fresh product value of “Blossoming splendour”.
                                                                              ZR-V is positioned between Vezel and Breeze. Its distinctive
                                                                              shape design, cockpit design with comfortable atmosphere,
                           e:NP1                                              and moderate body size bring more precise and considerate
                                                                              driving experience to metropolitan target users.




                                                                                               New Vezel




   e: NP1, the new vehicle positioned as “a EV with ultimate driving
   pleasure”, was officially launched in June 2022. It has rolled out
   two endurance versions and a total of four derivative models to
   satisfy consumers’ increasingly advanced option in terms of EV
   driving. Combined with the e:N OS full-stack intelligent control
   ecosystem, e:NP1 is manufactured based on the “e:N Architecture          The new Vezel was officially launched in November 2022. It is
   F”, an intelligent and efficient EV architecture, integrating Honda      orchestrated with the design concept of “AMP UP YOUR LIFE”,
   SENSING and Honda CONNECT3.0 to create an intelligent digital            creating an urban lifestyle exclusively for young Generation Z. The
   cockpit, which brings smooth driving control experience.                 new Vezel integrates the generous and open-minded worldview
                                                                            of the Z generation into the vehicle design, adopting the elements
                                                                            of “transparent design aesthetics” such as simple but attractive
                                                                            appearance, light-chasing cockpit, driving vision and ethereal driving
                                                                            interest.




                                                                                                                                                33
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                                                          Integra (e: HEV)


                                New Breeze




                                                                                     The Integra (e: HEV) was officially launched in December 2022
                                                                                     and categorised into 3 model versions. Integra (e: HEV) is GAC
                                                                                     Honda’s first model equipped with Honda’s latest fourth-generation
                                                                                     i-MMD system. By adopting a innovative 2.0L in-cylinder GDI, it
                                                                                     can achieve an ultra-high thermal efficiency of 41%, which in turn
        New Breeze was launched in December 2022. The new                            comprehensively improve fuel economy and power performance.
        vehicle has been widely praised for its brand-new sporty                     Meanwhile, Integra (e: HEV) has further upgraded its technological
        design, high-performance comfortable interspace, intelligent                 equipment and driving experience.
        entertaining cockpit, safe and intelligent control, and power
        manipulation.




                                                                                                                      New Outlander

                                        Airtrek




                                                                                             New Outlander was launched in November 2022. Its comfortable
                                                                                             cockpit has a tough appearance of luxurious texture, a capacious
                                                                                             interspace equipped with off-road configurations, and a five-
                                                                                             star safety guarantee. The brand proposition of “show inspiring
      Airtrek was officially launched in March 2022. It has a 2,830mm long                   appearance during infinite adventure” conveys the product
      wheelbase + large rear space, dual 12.3-inch smart high-definition large               positioning of “SUV leisure life leader” to customers, which has
      screens and L2 automatic driver assistance system, achieving the CLTC                  won extensive attention in the market.
      range of 520km. As a strategic model of the cooperation between
      GAC Group and Mitsubishi Motors in the field of NEV, Airtrek’s solid
      appearance, light luxury interior, large space, smart cockpit, and practical
      endurance have attracted widespread attention from consumers.




34
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2022




                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    4.    GAC AION made breakthrough in mixed ownership reform
          In order to meet the resource and capital needs of GAC AION for its rapid development of
          NEV and participate in the competition in the global NEV industry with more advantages,
          the Group officially launched the mixed ownership reform of GAC AION in August 2021. In
          November 2021, GAC AION completed the reorganisation of its relevant R&D personnel in
          the new energy EV field, intangible assets and fixed assets, and has the ability to integrate
          research, production and sales of new energy EV.


          In March 2022, GAC AION adopted the way of capital increase under a non-public agreement,
          pursuant to which a share incentive scheme was introduced to 679 key employees, and
          relevant scientific and technological personnel of GAEI were granted the shares of GAC AION.
          In addition, GAC AION synchronously introduced three strategic investors including China
          Chengtong Holdings Group Co., Ltd. This capital increase activity raised a total of RMB2.566
          billion. Subsequent to the capital increase, the Company directly and indirectly held about
          93.45% of the equity interests of GAC AION while the GAC AION employee share incentive
          platform and the GAEI technological personnel shareholding platform held a total of about
          4.55%, which further consummated the long-acting incentive mechanism of GAC AION and
          in turn established the risk-bearing and benefit-sharing mechanism among employees and
          the enterprise.




                                                     Completion and commissioning of the GAC AION
Completion and commissioning of the GAC AION
                                                     intelligent ecological factory capacity expansion
   second intelligent manufacturing center
                                                                    project (Phase II)




                                                                                                                   35
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          In September 2022, GAC AION completed the shareholding system transformation,
          introduced the independent director system, established specialised committees under the
          board of directors, and established a modernised corporate governance mechanism.


          In October 2022, GAC AION implemented a capital increase and share expansion by way of
          public listing on the Guangzhou Enterprises Mergers and Acquisitions Services, completing
          the Series A financing and strategic investors introduction. The Series A financing was
          jointly led by PICC CAPITAL, CSG Energy Innovation, Structural Reform Fund LP, SCGC,
          CITIC Goldstone, Guangzhou Industrial Investment Group or their funds or institutions. It
          introduced a total of 53 strategic investors, including the strategic support and industrial
          synergy investors in the fields of energy charging and swapping ecology, critical battery
          resources, chip design and manufacturing, and vehicle-road collaboration technology with
          intelligent driving, as well as renowned professional investment institutions with market
          influence covering the areas of marketisation, finance and asset management and large-
          scale policy-induced national and local investment institutions, contributing to a capital
          increase of RMB18.294 billion, which was the largest single private financing for new energy
          vehicles in China for the year. After the completion of the Series A financing, the registered
          capital of GAC AION increased to RMB7.803 billion, in which the total direct and indirect
          shareholding of GAC Group had changed from 93.45% to 76.89%. GAC AION remained a
          holding subsidiary of the Company. After the completion of the Series A financing, GAC
          AION’s post-investment valuation exceeded RMB100 billion. Through the Series A financing
          and strategic investors introduction, GAC AION acquired the advantages of upstream and
          downstream strategic industrial resources in the field of new energy vehicles. In terms of
          energy ecology, battery materials, and automotive chips, the Series A financing has improved
          GAC AION’s industrial chain and supply chain abilities to guarantee and stabilise supply. It
          has provided sufficient financial support for GAC AION’s R&D and industrialisation layout,
          covering new product development, next-generation battery, electric drive system R&D and
          industrialisation construction, intelligent driving, intelligent cockpit and production capacity
          guarantee and other core technologies. It has also significantly enhanced and strengthened
          the comprehensive competitive advantage of GAC AION in the future development.




36
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                             GAC Group



             100%
                           GAC AION          GAEI technological            Investors in           Investors in
          GAMC           employee share          personnel                mixed-reform        ²ƵȲǞƵȺ˛ȁƊȁƧǞȁǐ
                       incentive platform   shareholding platform        ȺƵȲǞƵȺ˛ȁƊȁƧǞȁǐ




             12%                 3.14%                  0.60%       64.89%        1.65%                 17.72%




                                                             GAC AION

                   The shareholding structure of GAC AION (as of the date of this report)



‫خׅ‬   ˚Ƶ ǞȁƮɐȺɈȲǞƊǶ ǶƊɯȌɐɈ ȌȯɈǞǿǞȺƊɈǞȌȁ ǘƊȺ ƦƵƵȁ ƊƧƧƵǶƵȲƊɈƵƮ
      Facing the new trend of the supply chain of the automobile industry in the future, the Group
      actively grasps the emerging development opportunities in the intelligent connectivity
      and green low-carbon field, accelerates the “New Four Modernisations” transformation, and
      constantly promotes the chain reinforcement, replenishment and stability.


      In terms of production capacity of new energy vehicles, GAC AION completed the
      expansion of its intelligent ecological factory (Phase II) to commence operation, and
      completed the completion and commissioning of the second intelligent manufacturing
      center. It currently has an annual production capacity of 400,000 units. GAC Toyota new
      energy vehicle capacity expansion project (Phase II) (with an annual production capacity
      of 200,000 units) has been completed and put into operation in June 2022. GAC Honda
      new energy vehicle capacity expansion project with an annual production capability of
      120,000 units has commenced its construction in May 2022. Hangzhou factory of GAMC has
      completed its optimising reformation, realising the flexible co-line production of fuel models
      of GAMC and new energy models of HYCAN Automobile.




                                                                                                                    37
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          In the field of mineral resources, in November 2022, GAC Component signed a joint
          venture contract with Tongzi County Shixi Coal Industry Co., Ltd. (桐 梓 縣 獅 溪 煤 業 有 限 公 司)
          and Zunyi Energy Mining (Group) Co., Ltd. (遵義能源礦產（集團）有限公司), pursuant to which
          all parties jointly invested in the establishment of Guizhou East Sunshine New Energy
          Technology Co., Ltd. (貴州省東陽光新能源科技有限公司) in Zunyi City, Guizhou Province, for the
          purpose of engaging in related mineral geological exploration and investment management
          of mineral resources. Among them, GAC Component held 47.5% of the shares, Tongzi County
          Shixi Coal Industry Co., Ltd. held 47.5% of the shares, and Zunyi Energy Mining (Group) Co.,
          Ltd. held 5% of the shares. Through the cooperation, GAC Component has further improved
          the Company’s strategic layout in the upstream raw material field of the lithium battery new
          energy.


          In the field of power battery production, the Group has deployed IMPOW Battery, Times
          GAC, Juwan Technology Research, etc. In August 2022, the Group established IMPOW Battery
          to carry out independent battery industrialisation construction. The total investment in the
          project was RMB10.9 billion, the construction of which has commenced at the end of year
          2022. It is planned to complete a mass production line of 36GWh by 2025. Juwan Technology
          Research focused on the R&D, production, sales and service of extremely fast charging
          batteries and new-generation accumulator. It currently has a battery production capacity
          of 4GWh and is promoting the construction of a production base project with designed
          production capacity of 8GWh. Times GAC has currently built a standard production capacity
          of 12GWh, and achieved an output of about 18GWh in 2022, supporting the Group’s rapid
          sales growth of new energy vehicles.


          In the field of energy storage and charging and swapping services, the Group
          established GAC Energy in July 2022 with a planned gross investment of RMB4.96 billion to
          establish an energy replenishment ecosystem integrating charging, swapping and storage,
          alongside a battery recycling ecosystem equipped with a smart and efficient energy cloud
          platform, and promoted the research over the energy storage system technology, the
          synergy and interactivity of “vehicle-station-network” smart charging and swapping service
          technology, and the product development and application, which were conducive to solving
          the pain points that hinder the further development of new energy vehicles and promoting
          the steady implementation of the Group’s energy actions.


          In the field of self-developed electric drive system, the Group established Ruipai Power
          in August 2022 which absorbed an aggregated investment of RMB2.16 billion, marking that
          the Group has comprehensively entered a new stage of self-developed and self-produced
          electric drive system. The construction of the independent electric drive factory has
          commenced since the end of 2022, focusing on independent R&D and industrialisation of the
          IDU electric drive system to realise the integration of independent electric drive R&D, trial
          production, testing and mass production.



38
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2022




                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     In the field of battery recycling and cascading utilisation, GAC Business actively
     explored the development of the circular economy industry encompassed by “battery
     recycling + battery materials”, smoothly completed the trial operation of the production line
     for power battery cascade utilisation, and obtained the first whitelist qualification regarding
     the cascading utilisation of waste power battery in Guangzhou.


     The Group made full use of the leverage effect of industrial funds, focused on the three major
     areas including power batteries, ICV and automotive chips, and invested in and cultivated
     the forward-looking technologies on the automotive industry chain through GAC Capital.
     During the reporting period, the Group completed investment in 25 new projects such as
     Huada Semiconductor, Silicon Magic, and Sunwoda EVB, and participated in a new round of
     financing for projects such as Yuexin Semiconductor, HoloMatic, and EVAS.


            Battery upstream                                              !ǝƏȸǕǣȇǕ‫ٮ‬ɀɯƏȵȵǣȇǕ‫ٮ‬
        Considering the consump-                                          ɀɎȒȸƏǕƺƫɖɀǣȇƺɀɀ
        tion of upstream resources                                        The Group makes full use of
         and the degree of external                                       the superior resources within
            dependence, the Group                                         the industry and concentrates
          focuses on the landscape                                        on completing the construc-
        and cooperation of lithium            Battery                     tion of the charging network,
              ore and other mineral
      resources on the strength of          ȅƏȇɖǔƏƬɎɖȸǣȇǕ                 with a view to laying a
                                                                          infrastructural foundation for
        its own technical planning.                                       the subsequent development
                                                                          of new energy.
              ƏɎɎƺȸɵˡȇƏȇƬǣȇǕ
            The Group is gradually                                          ƏɎɎƺȸɵƳȒɯȇɀɎȸƺƏȅ
       carrying out the trial-run of                                      The Group has formulated the
        battery bank, through the                                         in-depth arrangement over
        form of battery leasing for                                       battery recycling, cascading
         rental collection, to serve                                      utilisation, hydrometallurgy and
       the subsequent promotion                                           other links to consummate the
              of battery recycling.                                       closed loop of material industry.




6.   Fruitful independent innovation
     In the field of energy saving and new energy, GAC’s self-developed high-performance
     GMC hybrid system (2.0 ATK engine + GMC 2.0 electromechanical coupling system) has been
     installed on Trumpchi EWPOW and EMKOO Hybrid for launch. Among them, GMC 2.0 hybrid
     electromechanical coupling system adopts a highly integrated all-in-one design composed
     of coupling gearshift mechanism, dual motors and motor controller, which can realise a
     multi-gear and multi-mode drive and high torque output. The independent hydrogen fuel
     engine has achieved the first domestic loading test for entire passenger vehicle, supporting
     the goal of carbon neutrality. The self-developed “four-in-one” electric drive system leaving
     the assembly line was officially launched. Through the combined application of modular
     functions, the system is compatible with EV models ranging from A0 to D-level, which can
     effectively reduce weight, space volume and cost without compromising the performance.



                                                                                                              39
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          In the field of ICV, the Group has launched a brand-new ADiGO PILOT Intelligent Driving
          System, which includes application areas of NDA Advanced Driver Assistance System, super
          parking and unmanned driving, realizing intelligent mobility transportation in all scenarios.
          Among them, ADiGO PILOT NDA Advanced Driver Assistance System supports functions
          including automatically moving up and off the ramp, automatic lane change, automatic
          overtaking and automatic obstacle avoidance, according to the navigation routes, which
          currently covers all highways in China and expressways in core cities and are installed on
          the models such as AION LX plus for mass production. The super parking function has been
          equipped on models such as Trumpchi EMKOO for mass production, which can realise the
          functions such as autonomous valet parking, cross-floor parking, and memory parking.
          The super parking pioneered the limit-position parking function in the industry, which can
          support the automatic parking against extremely confined parking spaces with a distance of
          15cm and corner parking spaces. ADiGO PILOT unmanned driving is oriented to the Robotaxi
          scenario, which adopts an automotive grading embedded computing platform and supports
          vehicle-road coordination and 5G remote takeover. GAC Robotaxi based on this platform
          has commenced commercial operation on ON TIME platform. The ADiGO SPACE smart
          cockpit developed based on the G-OS system has been installed on various models such
          as Trumpchi EMKOO and AION Y Plus for mass production. ADiGO PARK, a newly released
          high-performance immersive cockpit, provides a neoteric audio-visual experience integrating
          virtual and reality. The original soundscape of ADiGO SOUND, characterised by a high-quality
          full-scene sound interactive ecology, starts an immersive auditory journey with industry-
          leading 7.3.2x sound field layout and massive audio resources. GAEI was awarded the world’s
          first expected functional safety management system certification by TUV Rheinland, which
          manifested that its product development system which complied with functional safety and
          expected functional safety integrity has reached the international advanced level.


          In terms of forward-looking technologies for models, the Group promoted the strategy
          of “appearance supremacy” and accelerated the iteration of the new design language of the
          Trumpchi/AION dual brands. Breakthroughs were made in interior and exterior styling, colors,
          materials, and interactive experience. The upgraded model of M8, Hyper SSR, and facelifted
          AION Y was widely praised immediately upon the release of the designs. GAEI continued to
          strengthen the exploration of forward-looking design and released the innovative hydrogen
          energy concept vehicle, SPACE. GAEI was successfully selected as the 2022 Forbes China
          TOP10 Intelligent Industrial Designers, becoming the only automobile enterprise to receive
          the honor.




40
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2022




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     In the field of digitalisation, the GDA (GAC Digitalisation Accelerator) 1.0 Triennium Action
     Plan (2020-2022) was successfully concluded, with the overall digitalisation level of the
     Group effectively improved. In order to strengthen the leading role of digital transformation
     planning, the Group formed the GDA 2.0 Triennium Action Plan, taking financial digital
     transformation as the driving force, formulating the digital transformation planning for
     investment and business process, and deepening the intelligentisation of personnel
     management. The Group promoted the integration of self-developed brand marketing,
     management and control, manufacturing, infrastructure and other fields, and continued to
     strengthen the “user-centric” digital marketing system. The Group also completed the basic
     infrastructure of its big data platform for self-developed brands, promoted relevant data
     governance work, and became the first domestic automobile company recognised by the
     national standard certification of “DCMM” (Data Management Capability Maturity Assessment
     Model) as “stable”.



7.   Coordinated and synergetic development between various
     business segments
     In the field of parts and components, GAC Component, with dedication to realise
     independent and controllable core technologies as well as industry chain and supply chain as
     its goal, focused on power supply systems and material of NEV, and the planning and layout
     of ICV’s core components, laying emphasis on promoting projects such as core components
     of electric drive system, automotive electronics, wire-controlled chassis, smart headlamp,
     interior and exterior decoration systems. It accelerated the nationalisation of chip production
     as substitution, and joined hands with mining enterprises to deploy the supply chain of
     lithium materials and realise the front-end extension of the industrial chain.


     In the field of business and trade services, GAC Business dug potential online customers,
     seized market sales opportunities, and achieved customer expansion and attraction in stores
     via creating a marketing pattern of “exposure on new media to attract traffic-immersive store
     experience-activities to promote orders”, with public domain traffic of new media channels
     as drivers, the launch of new models as turning points, and the exclusive marketing theme
     activities as approach. Meanwhile, efforts were made in speeding up the deployment of
     sales network in order to match the expansion, planning and reform of the Group’s OEMs of
     various brands channel. During the year, 33 new outlets sales channels under operation have
     been built. Currently, the sales outlets covers 22 provinces and 50 cities in China.




                                                                                                              41
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



              In the field of financial services, Investment enterprises in the financial segment fully
              utilised the low interest rate environment, and issued nearly RMB18 billion ABS (Asset-
              Backed Security) in 2022, of which GAC-SOFINCO issued three tranches ABS of RMB15 billion
              in total and GAC Leasing issued three tranches ABS of approximately RMB3 billion in total.
              It significantly reduced the Company’s comprehensive financing costs, provided financial
              support for suppliers and customers to purchase cars, and consolidated the coordination
              of the industry and financing. GAC-SOFINCO, Urtrust Insurance, GAC Finance Company
              and GAC Leasing proactively customised supporting financial products for various vehicle
              manufacturing enterprises of the Group, created innovative and characteristic financial
              products, effectively alleviated the pressure on dealers, lowered the threshold for customers
              to purchase cars, satisfied customer’s financial service needs and boosted sales growth of
              vehicles.


              In the field of mobility transportation services, ON TIME has more than 16 million
              registered users, and promotes the construction of an autonomous driving platform and tool
              chain, which enhances the optimization and iteration of the autonomous driving technology
              through continuous feedback of data. In October 2022, ON TIME officially launched the mixed
              operation of manned vehicles and autonomous vehicles in Guangzhou, accelerating the
              commercialisation of Robotaxi.



     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS BY THE BOARD ON OPERATION
          OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
        During the reporting period, the Group realised sales revenue of approximately RMB514.605 billion
        on an aggregated basis, representing an increase of approximately 19.74% as compared with that
        of the corresponding period last year.


        During the reporting period, the sales revenue of the Group amounted to approximately
        RM110.006 billion, representing an increase of approximately 45.36% as compared with that of
        the corresponding period last year. The net profit attributable to owners of the parent company
        amounted to approximately RMB7.983 billion, representing an increase of approximately 6.28% as
        compared with that of the corresponding period last year. The basic earnings per share amounted
        to approximately RMB0.77, representing an increase of approximately RMB0.04 as compared with
        that of the corresponding period last year.




42
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2022




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The major factors leading to the variation of results during the reporting period included:


1.    In 2022, China’s economy continued to recover steadily. As a whole, the domestic automobile
      market remained stable with a positive growth, despite the impact of the structural
      shortage of automobile chips, the continuing high price of raw materials, the termination of
      subsidies for new energy vehicles, etc. Under such circumstances, with the “14th Five-Year
      Plan” as development and planning orientation, the Group proactively retrieved its loss and
      strived to enhance a high-quality development by utilising favorable policies and market
      opportunities from all parties. Throughout the year, the Group achieved an accumulative
      sales of 2,433,800 vehicles, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.50%. The Group is
      determined in continuing its research and development in a positive, independent and
      innovative way. It also strives to accelerate the introduction of new products, and to enhance
      the competitiveness of its products continuously. GAMC has continuously enriched its star
      product portfolio, including the hot-selling EMPOW (including HEV), the second-generation
      GS8 (including HEV) and EMKOO (including HEV), and launched the M8 Grandmaster
      (including HEV) in tune with the times. GAC AION continued to record impressive sales for
      new energy vehicles with annual sales volume exceeding 270,000 units, representing a year-
      on-year increase of 125.67%, and continued to further promote the closed-loop layout of the
      energy ecosystem industry chain.


2.    Joint ventures of the Group have launched new products and technologies, which
      continuously enhanced our overall competitiveness. Among those joint ventures, GAC Toyota
      maintained a sustained growth trend with its annual sales exceeding 1 million units for the
      first time, and the main vehicle models were undersupplied. Frontlander, Venza (including
      HEV) and the first e-TNGA pure electric medium-sized SUV, bZ4X were newly launched
      during the reporting period where the structural proportion of new energy and energy-
      saving products continued to increase. GAC Honda continued to launch new products. ZR-
      V, e:NP1, which is the first model under its innovative EV brand, new Vezel, new Breeze
      and Integra (e: HEV) have received satisfactory feedback and recognition. Continuous
      optimisation of product portfolio steadily improved our competitiveness.


3.    Ancillary businesses in the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain such as
      financial services, vehicle components and commercial services have been further developed
      pursuant to the Group’s strategy. The synergistic effect among various business segments
      has continued to emerge, which facilitated the development of the Group’s principal
      businesses. Among such businesses, the continuous deepening of cooperation between
      financial enterprises as well as the business expansion and innovation strongly supported the
      Group’s automobile sales. During the reporting period, the operation of ON TIME expanded
      in Changsha, Zhongshan and Zhaoqing successively with its market share steadily increased.
      It has also raised proceeds of approximately RMB1 billion from Series A financing. ON TIME
      officially launched the mixed operation of manned vehicles and autonomous vehicles in
      Guangzhou, becoming the first mobility transportation platform in the Guangdong-Hong
      Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area to realise the mixed operation of Robotaxi.
                                                                                                              43
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       As at 31 December 2022, calculated based on the proportion of shareholdings of the Group in
       the joint ventures, the total liabilities and total revenues of jointly controlled entities amounted
       to RMB72.315 billion and RMB151.367 billion respectively, which will be used in the calculation of
       waivers granted by the Stock Exchange to the Company in respect of asset and revenue ratios.



       (I)   Analysis of Principal Business
                           Analysis of changes of items in the consolidated statement of
                               comprehensive income and the cash flow statement


                                                                          Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB


                                                             Current     Corresponding
             Item                                             period period last year          Change (%)

             Sales revenue                                    1,100.06           756.76              45.36
             Costs of sales                                  1,055.50             717.77             47.05
             Selling and distribution costs                     42.28             43.40               -2.58
             Administrative expenses                            54.87              45.56             20.43
             Finance costs                                        3.51              4.25             -17.41
             Interest income                                      4.91              3.16             55.38
             Share of profit of joint ventures and
              associates                                       140.65             114.04              23.33
             Net cash flow generated from
              operating activities                             -66.38             -64.91              -2.26
             Net cash flow generated from
              investing activities                              -15.92             72.35            -122.00
             Net cash flow generated from
              financing activities                              251.81              7.77           3,140.80




44
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2022




                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



1.   Analysis on sales revenue and cost
     During the reporting period, sales revenue of the Group amounted to approximately
     RMB110.006 billion, representing an increase of approximately 45.36% as compared
     with the corresponding period last year. This was mainly due to the combined effect
     of the continuous and stable recovery of the domestic economy, the overall stable
     automobile market with positive growth, the implementation of a series of policies and
     follow-up measures for economy stability, and the increasingly enriched vehicle models
     under self-developed brands of the Group with ever-increasing sales volume, especially
     the significant increase in the sales volume of the new energy vehicles of GAC AION.


     During the reporting period, the Group recorded costs of sales of approximately
     RMB105.550 billion, representing an increase of approximately 47.05% as compared
     with the corresponding period last year. Total gross profit amounted to approximately
     RMB4.456 billion, representing an increase of approximately RMB0.557 billion or
     approximately 14.29% as compared with the corresponding period last year. Gross profit
     margin decreased by 1.10 percentage points as compared with the corresponding
     period last year, which was mainly due to the combined effect of the fact that the
     Group has overcome the impact of the supply shortage of automotive chips and the
     increase in the price of raw materials, and the year-on-year increase in production
     and sales volume of vehicle models of the Group’s self-developed brands, leading to
     corresponding increases in both the costs and economies of scale.


                                  Principal business by industry


                                                                    Unit: 100 million    Currency: RMB


                                                                      Increase/
                                                                      decrease     Increase/     Increase/
                                                                        in sales    decrease decrease in
                                                                       revenue     in cost of gross profit
                                  Sales     Cost of Gross profit       over last   sales over margin over
     By industry                revenue       sales      margin            year     last year    last year
                                                             (%)            (%)          (%)           (%)

     Automobile manufacturing
       industry                   786.72     778.03          1.10          59.97        62.54       -58.80
     Auto-parts manufacturing
       industry                     38.31     35.45         7.47           20.17         17.11       47.92
     Commercial services          239.32     221.30         7.53           13.37        11.54        25.29
     Financial services and
       others                       35.71     20.72        41.98           62.47        98.85        -20.17
     Total                       1,100.06   1,055.50        4.05           45.36        47.05        -21.36


                                                                                                              45
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                         Principal business by product


                                                                           Unit: 100 million    Currency: RMB


                                                                             Increase/
                                                                             decrease     Increase/    Increase/
                                                                               in sales    decrease decrease in
                                                                              revenue     in cost of gross profit
                                         Sales     Cost of Gross profit       over last   sales over margin over
             By product                revenue       sales      margin            year     last year    last year
                                                                    (%)            (%)          (%)           (%)

             Passenger vehicles          786.72     778.03          1.10          59.97        62.54       -58.80
             Vehicles related trades     277.63     256.75         7.52           14.26        12.27        27.67
             Financial services and
               others                      35.71     20.72        41.98           62.47        98.85       -20.17
             Total                      1,100.06   1,055.50        4.05           45.36        47.05        -21.36


                                          Principal business by region


                                                                           Unit: 100 million    Currency: RMB


                                                                             Increase/
                                                                             decrease     Increase/    Increase/
                                                                               in sales    decrease decrease in
                                                                              revenue     in cost of gross profit
                                         Sales     Cost of Gross profit       over last   sales over margin over
             By region                 revenue       sales      margin            year     last year    last year
                                                                    (%)            (%)          (%)           (%)

             Mainland China            1,068.77    1,027.46        3.87          44.84         46.19        -18.53
             Overseas                      31.29     28.04        10.39           65.82        87.68       -50.12
             Total                      1,100.06   1,055.50        4.05           45.36        47.05        -21.36




46
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2022




               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                             Principal business by sales model


                                                                 Unit: 100 million    Currency: RMB


                                                                   Increase/
                                                                   decrease     Increase/    Increase/
                                                                     in sales    decrease decrease in
                                                                    revenue     in cost of gross profit
                                Sales    Cost of Gross profit       over last   sales over margin over
By sales model               revenue       sales      margin            year     last year    last year
                                                          (%)            (%)          (%)           (%)

Distributor sales model        786.72     778.03          1.10          59.97        62.54       -58.80
Others                          313.34    277.47         11.45          18.26        16.05        17.32
Total                         1,100.06   1,055.50        4.05           45.36        47.05        -21.36


                          Analysis of sales and production volume


                                                                                         Unit: Vehicle


                                                                   Increase/    Increase/
                                                                 decrease in     decrease    Increase/
                                                                  production      in sales decrease in
                                                                     volume       volume     inventory
                           Production      Sales                    over last    over last    over last
Major products                volume     volume     Inventory           year         year         year
                                                                         (%)          (%)           (%)

Sedans                         169,063   165,901        5,635           38.20        36.66        93.31
SUV                           375,597    364,470        15,015          86.65        74.89       155.75
MPV                            102,343   103,333        7,480          -15.46        -9.80        -14.11


Illustration on production and sales volume: mainly the production and sales data of
GAMC and GAC AION within the scope of consolidation.




                                                                                                           47
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                  Sales to major customers


                                                                         Unit: 100 million    Currency: RMB


                                                                                                  Ratio to
               Customers                                                Sales revenue        sales revenue
                                                                                                       (%)

               Total sales to top 5 clients                                      60.54                 5.54


                                                      Major suppliers


                                                                         Unit: 100 million    Currency: RMB


                                                                             Amount of       Ratio to total
               Suppliers                                                  procurement        procurement
                                                                                                       (%)

               Total procurement from the top 5 suppliers                        167.66               16.49


               Amount of procurement fees paid to the largest supplier of the Group accounted for
               8.36% of the total amount of procurement fees of the Group for the year.


               During the year, to the directors’ knowledge, no directors, supervisors or their close
               associates or shareholders holding more than 5% of the Company’s shares has any
               interest in the top 5 suppliers.


          2.   Expenses
               (1)   The year-on-year decrease of approximately RMB112 million in selling and
                     distribution costs was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the decrease
                     in advertising expenses, aftersales service charge as well as sales incentives
                     during the reporting period.


               (2)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB931 million in administrative
                     expenses was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the corresponding
                     increase in the routine expenses resulting from the development of the
                     enterprise and the increase in the expenses arising from depreciation,
                     amortisation, research and development during the reporting period.




48
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     (3)   The year-on-year decrease of approximately RMB74 million in finance costs was
           mainly attributable to the combined effect of the maturity of convertible bonds,
           the decline of average loan rate, and the changes in exchange rate during the
           reporting period.


     (4)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB175 million in interest income
           was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the impact of an increase in
           deposits which led to an increase in interest income during the reporting period.


3.   Research and development expenditures
     (1)   Table of research and development expenditures


                                                            Unit: 100 million    Currency: RMB
           Expensed research and development expenses for the period                         14.19
           Capitalised research and development expenses for the period                     50.78
           Total research and development expenditures                                      64.97
           Percentage of total research and development expenditures
            over sales revenue (%)                                                            5.91
           Number of research and development staff                                         6,581
           Number of research and development staff over total
            number of staff (%)                                                              18.10
           Percentage of capitalised research and development
            expenditures (%)                                                                78.16

     (2)   During the reporting period, expenditures in research and development
           amounted to approximately RMB6.497 billion, representing a year-on-year
           increase of approximately RMB1.389 billion. This was mainly attributable to the
           continuous enhancement of independent research and development as well
           as innovation capability for improving the overall quality of the system. It was
           also attributable to the simultaneous propulsion of the development projects of
           traditional energy vehicle models and new energy vehicle models, as well as the
           development of core parts and components during the reporting period.


4.   Share of profit of joint ventures and associated companies
     During the reporting period, the Group’s share of profit of joint ventures and associated
     companies amounted to approximately RMB14.065 billion, representing a year-on-
     year increase of approximately RMB2.661 billion, which was mainly attributable to
     the combined effect of the increase in profit of the joint ventures with Japanese
     companies.




                                                                                                       49
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          5.   Cash flows
               (1)   During the reporting period, net cash outflow generated from operating
                     activities amounted to approximately RMB6.638 billion, representing an increase
                     in net outflow of approximately RMB0.147 billion as compared with the net
                     cash outflow of approximately RMB6.491 billion in the corresponding period last
                     year, which was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the increase in
                     cash received from sales of goods due to the increase in sales volume, coupled
                     with reduced contract liabilities, increased production capacity and increased
                     inventories during the reporting period;


               (2)   During the reporting period, net cash outflow generated from investing
                     activities amounted to RMB1.592 billion, representing an increase of net
                     outflow of approximately RMB8.827 billion as compared with net cash inflow of
                     approximately RMB7.235 billion in the corresponding period last year, which was
                     mainly due to the combined effect of the increase in dividends received from
                     investee companies, the increase in cash paid for the purchase of fixed assets
                     resulting from the development of the enterprise and the increase in shareholder
                     loans to joint ventures and the increase in certificates of deposit of high value
                     during the reporting period;


               (3)   During the reporting period, net cash inflow generated from financing activities
                     amounted to approximately RMB25.181 billion, representing an increase of net
                     inflow of approximately RMB24.404 billion as compared with the net cash
                     inflow of approximately RMB777 million in the corresponding period last year,
                     which was mainly attributable to the maturity of convertible bonds, the investee
                     companies’ absorption of external investment, and the issuance of asset-backed
                     securities during the reporting period;


               (4)   As at 31 December 2022, cash and cash equivalent of the Group amounted to
                     approximately RMB34.222 billion, representing an increase of approximately
                     RMB16.987 billion as compared with approximately RMB17.235 billion as at 31
                     December 2021.


          6.   Others
               Income tax amounted to approximately RMB-536 million, representing a year-on-year
               decrease of approximately RMB382 million, which was mainly attributable to changes
               in profit of certain enterprises during the reporting period.


          To sum up, the Group’s net profit attributable to owners of the parent company for the
          reporting period amounted to approximately RMB7.983 billion, representing a year-on-
          year increase of approximately 6.28%. Basic earnings per share amounted to approximately
          RMB0.77, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately RMB0.04.

50
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(II) Analysis of Assets and Liabilities
    1.   Analysis table of assets and liabilities
                                                                             Unit: 100 million      Currency: RMB


                                                               Balance                      Balance at
                                                Balance      at the end     Balance at      the end of
                                              at the end     of current     the end of the previous
                                              of current    period over the previous       period over
         Item                                    period     total assets       period      total assets      Change
                                                                    (%)                            (%)            (%)

         Time deposits                              33.26            1.75         51.77            3.36         -35.75
         Financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss – current        42.20            2.22          32.26            2.09          30.81
         Financial assets at fair value
           through other comprehensive
           income – current                        40.90             2.15         7.09             0.46        476.87
         Inventories                               123.62           6.50           81.11           5.26          52.41
         Borrowings – current                      138.13           7.27         98.89             6.41         39.68


    2.   Analysis on change
         (1)     Time deposits: mainly due to the combined effect of the structural adjustment
                 of inter-bank deposits and the decrease of time deposits during the reporting
                 period;


         (2)     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – current: mainly due to the
                 combined effect of the increase in investment in financial products by financial
                 enterprises during the reporting period;


         (3)     Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income – current:
                 mainly due to the combined effect of the increase of negotiable large-
                 denomination certificates of deposit held during the reporting period;


         (4)     Inventories: mainly due to combined effect of the supply shortage of automotive
                 chip, the continuing high price of raw materials, and the increase in raw material
                 inventories and finished vehicles due to the increase in automobile production
                 and sales volume during the reporting period;


         (5)     Borrowings – current: mainly caused by the combined effect of the increased
                 capital demand for business development of certain enterprises during the
                 reporting period;


                                                                                                                          51
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       (III) Analysis of Financial Position
           1.   Financial indicators
                As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.62 times,
                representing an increase from approximately 1.25 times as at 31 December 2021, and
                quick ratio was approximately 1.40 times, representing an increase from approximately
                1.08 times as at 31 December 2021, which were within reasonable range.


           2.   Financial resources and capital structure
                As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately
                RMB91.792 billion, current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB56.688 billion and
                current ratio was approximately 1.62 times.


                As at 31 December 2022, total borrowings amounted to approximately RMB19.510 billion,
                mainly consisting of corporate bonds issued by the Group with nominal value of RMB3
                billion, receivables targeted asset-backed notes with closing balance of approximately
                RMB998 million, asset-backed securities with closing balance of approximately RMB401
                million and borrowings from bank and financial institutions with closing balance of
                approximately RMB14.968 billion, etc. The above borrowings and bonds are payable
                upon maturity. The Group generally funds its business and operational capital needs
                with its own operating cash flow.


                As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 13.76% (Calculation
                of gearing ratio: (borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)/
                (total equity + borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)).


           3.   Foreign exchange risk
                As the Group mainly conducts its business in the PRC and the sales and procurement
                in the PRC were denominated in RMB, changes in foreign exchange did not have any
                material effect on the Group’s operating results and cash flow during the reporting
                period.


           4.   Contingent liabilities
                As at 31 December 2022, financial guarantee given by the Company to controlled and
                whole-owned subsidiaries of the Group amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2021: RMB0).


                As at 31 December 2022, independent third-party financial guarantee given by the
                Company amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2021: RMB0).


                As at 31 December 2022, financial guarantee given by the Group to related parties
                outside the consolidation scope amounted to RMB16,600,000 (31 December 2021:
                RMB16,600,000).


52
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2022




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(IV) Analysis of Automobile Manufacturing Industry Operation
    1.   Production capacity
                                          Existing production capacity


                                                                       Production
                                                       Designed     volume during           Production
                                                     production      the reporting              capacity
                                                   capacity (ten       period (ten     utilisation rate
         Names of major factories                thousand units) thousand units)                       (%)

         GAC Honda                                            77              76.78                  99.71
         GAC Toyota                                          100             100.93                  113.32
         GAMC (including GAC AION)                           108               66.59                 70.05
         GAC Mitsubishi                                      20                 3.55                 17.75
         Others                                               1.5               0.05                  3.33


         Notes:
         1.       Production capacity during the reporting period refers to the actual production volume
                  during the reporting period.
         2.       Others refer to the production capacity of GAC Hino and GAC BYD and the production
                  volume for the year.
         3.       Production capacity utilisation rate during the reporting period has been converted
                  according to the actual production time.




                                                                                                                53
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                   Production capacity in construction


                                                                                                           Unit: ’0,000        Currency: RMB


                                                                                  Investment                           Expected
                                                                  Planned amount during                   Total commencement             Expected
               Names of the factories in                       investment        the reporting     investment            date of        production
               construction                                        amount              period          amount        production           capacity

               GAC Honda new energy vehicle                         349,510             56,452           82,139             2024           120,000
                 production capacity expansion project                                                                                   units/year


               Production capacity calculation standards


               Calculated based on standard production capacity and two production shifts.


          2.   Sales and production volume of whole vehicles


                                                                    By vehicle models


                                                          Sales volume (units)                              Production volume (units)
                                                                                                                                          Changes
                                                                                   Changes in                                              in total
                                                                                   total sales                                          production
                                                                                      volume                                               volume
                                                                                    compared                                             compared
                                                                                     with the                                             with the
                                                                               corresponding                                         corresponding
                                      Total number           Total number          period last    Total number     Total number         period last
               Vehicle types            for the year          for last year           year (%)     for the year     for last year         year (%)

               Passenger vehicle            2,433,201              2,141,675              13.61       2,479,435         2,135,377              16.11
                  Sedans                      1,125,733            1,012,823              11.15        1,145,921        1,007,616             13.73
                  MPV                         222,429               160,712              38.40          229,596           166,519             37.88
                  SUV                       1,085,039               968,140              12.07         1,103,918          961,242             14.84
               Commercial vehicle                 600                  2,712            -77.88              476             2,750            –82.69
               Total vehicles               2,433,801             2,144,387              13.50         2,479,911         2,138,127            15.99




54
                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                         By regions


                                        Domestic sales (units)                              Overseas sales (units)
                                                                 Changes in                                           Changes in
                                                                 total sales                                          total sales
                                                                    volume                                               volume
                                                                  compared                                             compared
                                                                   with the                                             with the
                                                              corresponding                                       corresponding
                           Total number     Total number         period last    Total number    Total number          period last
     Vehicle types          for the year     for last year         year (%)      for the year    for last year          year (%)

     Passenger vehicle         2,400,233         2,120,992              13.17          32,968          20,683              59.40
        Sedans                  1,125,282        1,003,099             12.18              451            9,724             -95.36
        MPV                      221,669           160,101             38.46             760               611              24.39
        SUV                    1,053,282           957,792              9.97           31,757           10,348            206.89
     Commercial vehicle             600              2,712            -77.88                –                –                  –
     Total vehicles            2,400,833         2,123,704             13.05           32,968          20,683              59.40


     Note: The above sales and production data includes that of the joint ventures and associated
              companies.


3.   New energy vehicle business


                               Production capacity of new energy vehicles


                                                                                    Production                   Production
                                                              Designed capacity during                               capacity
                                                             production          the reporting          utilisation rate
     Name of major factory                         capacity (units)              period (units)                             (%)

     GAC AION intelligent ecological
       factory                                                   360,000                  273,500                        145.71


     Note: Production capacity during the reporting period refers to the actual production volume
              during the reporting period. Production capacity utilisation rate has been converted
              according to the actual production time.




                                                                                                                                    55
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                        Sales and production volume of new energy vehicles


                                                         Sales volume (units)                           Production volume (units)
                                                                                Changes in                                          Changes in
                                                                                total sales                                         total sales
                                                                                   volume                                              volume
                                                                                 compared                                            compared
                                                                                  with the                                            with the
                                                                             corresponding                                       corresponding
                                         Total number       Total number        period last   Total number     Total number         period last
                    Vehicle types         for the year       for last year        year (%)     for the year     for last year         year (%)

                    Passenger vehicle          271,449             120,690           124.91        273,900             121,811           124.86


                                           Income and subsidies for new energy vehicles


                                                                                                Unit: 100 million         Currency: RMB


                                                                                                  Subsidy for
                                                                                                 new energy                        Ratio of
                    Vehicle types                                               Income                  vehicle              subsidy (%)

                    Passenger vehicle                                            366.66                       31.59                      8.62




     IV. MATERIAL INVESTMENT
        During the reporting period, the Group did not hold any material investment.



     V. MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES,
        ASSOCIATED COMPANIES AND JOINT VENTURES
        During the reporting period, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of
        subsidiaries, associated companies or joint ventures.




56
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2022




                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



VI. MATERIAL DISPOSAL OF ASSETS AND EQUITY INTEREST
    Nil.



VII. ANALYSIS OF MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES

    GAC Honda, GAC Toyota, GAMC and GAC AION are the key joint ventures and subsidiaries of the
    Group. During the reporting period, in the face of unprecedented challenges brought about by
    multiple factors such as continuous shortage of chip supply and the soaring price of raw materials
    which compromised the operation and development of the auto industry and the Company, the
    Company focused on steady growth, supply preservation, structural adjustment, market expansion,
    quality improvement and efficiency enhancement. Steady improvement in operating efficiency was
    achieved. Among which:


    The production and sales volume of GAC Honda were 767,826 units and 741,808 units respectively,
    representing year-on-year decreases of 2.45% and 4.93% respectively; operating income was
    RMB115.113 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 0.26%;


    The production and sales volume of GAC Toyota were 1,009,265 units and 1,005,000 units
    respectively, representing year-on-year increases of 22.59% and 21.38% respectively; operating
    income was RMB163.534 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 26.32%;


    The production and sales volume of GAMC were 373,499 units and 362,548 units respectively,
    representing year-on-year increases of 15.55% and 11.83% respectively; operating income was
    RMB47.809 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 9.60%;


    The production and sales volume of GAC AION were 273,504 units and 271,156 units respectively,
    representing year-on-year increases of 125.33% and 125.67% respectively; operating income was
    RMB38.703 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 124.17%.



VIII. S T R U C T U R E D E N T I T I E S U N D E R T H E C O N T R O L O F T H E
      COMPANY
    Nil.




                                                                                                                  57
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     IX. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON THE COMPANY’S FUTURE
         DEVELOPMENT

       (I)   Industry layout and trend
             In the first half of 2022, affected by factors such as chips shortage and soaring price of raw
             materials, the industry has been recovering slowly. China immediately promulgated a series
             of policies to promote automobile consumption. Together with the local and enterprise’s
             consumption incentives, the implementation effect of the policies gradually emerged, and
             the overall growth rate of the automobile industry showed a trend of rejuvenation.


             At present, China’s automobile market is in a critical period of accelerated transformation
             while exploring emerging momentum. With the continuing growth of the automobile
             consumption, the gross size of the automobile market will increase steadily, and the
             structural quality will continue to be optimised. However, considering that the global
             economy and trade order are facing risks and challenges; that uncertainties, instability,
             and unpredictability have multiplied significantly; that the commodity prices related to the
             automobile industry have fluctuated sharply; and that “chip shortages” as well as component
             scarcity would continue to manifest, the supply chain issues such as “chip shortages and
             expensive batteries” will remain the intractable challenges for the development of the
             industry this year, which reflected that the automobile industry is entering a new competitive
             landscape. Firstly, with the continuous remodeling of the vehicle series portfolio, the market
             share of self-developed brands continues to ramp up. In 2022, the cumulative retail share
             was 49.9%. In particular, the cumulative retail share for each month from September to
             December exceeded 53% in succession. It is expected that the annual share in 2023 will
             exceed 50%. Among the joint venture brands, those with weaker competitiveness will suffer
             a greater impact, and the “post-JV era” of China’s automobile industry has arrived. Secondly,
             with the continuing adjustment over product structure and the further acceleration in the
             popularisation of new energy, penetration rate of the new energy market has exceeded 25%
             in 2022, whereas this figure is expected to increase to more than 30% in 2023. Thirdly, auto
             exports are expected to continue to maintain rapid growth, and the development of Chinese
             automobiles overseas will usher in a golden era. As the economy springs to life in 2023, China
             Association of Automobile Manufacturers predicts that the domestic automobile market will
             continue to show a steady and positive development trend in 2023, with a growth rate of
             about 3%.




58
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2022




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(II) Development strategy of the Company
    During the period of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, the Group will adhere to the development
    principle of “internal collaborative innovation and external open cooperation” to implement
    the “1615” development strategy, namely, to achieve one goal, which is to, by the end of
    “14th Five-Year Plan” period, challenge the annual production and sales volume of vehicles
    amounting to 3.65 million units with NEV products accounting for over 25% of the production
    and sales scale of vehicles, among which the annual sales volume of self-developed
    brands reached 1 million, and the sales volume of self-developed NEV accounted for 50%;
    to consolidate six major segments, which include R&D, manufacture of vehicle, parts and
    components, commercial services, financial services and mobility transportation services;
    to highlight one key point, which is to fully improve independent innovation capabilities to
    achieve high quality development of the Group; and to achieve five major improvements in
    electrification, intelligent networking, digitalisation, shareability and internationalisation.


    Looking forward, the Group will spare no effort to propel the “1578 Development Outline
    for Trillion GAC”. By 2030, the Group will endeavor to achieve one goal: annual production
    and sales volume exceeding 4.75 million vehicles, annual revenue (on a combined basis)
    amounting to RMB1 trillion, and profits tax amounting to RMB100 billion. The Group aims
    at becoming a world-class high-tech enterprise characterised by excellent products,
    distinguished brand image, cutting-edge innovation and modernised governance. The
    Group also aims to create momentum for five increment aspects, including transformative
    upgrading of whole vehicles, enhancement and extension of components industry chain,
    intellectualisation of commerce and mobility transportation, energy and ecological
    empowerment, and courageous international expansion. The Group will consolidate
    seven segments, including research and development, manufacture of vehicles, parts
    and components, commercial services and mobility transportation, energy and ecology,
    internationalisation as well as investment and finance. The Group will implement eight
    initiatives, including deepening the reform of the system and mechanism, paying balanced
    attention to self-development and capital injection regarding technological innovation,
    executing all-out upgrading of self-developed brands, reinforcing and extending the industry
    chain for structural optimisation, comprehensively developing energy ecology, arranging in-
    depth deployment of software business, seeking key breakthroughs in overseas markets, and
    exploring innovation in smart transportation models.


    To support the implementation of the national “Dual Carbon” target, the Group will
    implement the “GLASS Plan” to achieve full life-cycle carbon neutrality of its products by
    2050 (and challenge to achieve the target in 2045).




                                                                                                                59
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       (III) Operational plan
           In 2023, oriented by the Group’s development programs under the “14th Five-Year Plan” and
           the magnificent blueprint “Trillion GAC”, the Group will fully, accurately and comprehensively
           implement the new development concept in integrity, proactively integrate into the new
           development landscape, and strive to explore the new horizon of high-quality development.
           The Group will also challenge the target of a year-on-year growth of 10% in annual vehicle
           sales volume, and continue to maintain a growing trend that prevails over the industry
           average. Aiming at further improving the product structure and enhancing the overall
           competitiveness, the Group plans to launch more than 10 new and facelift models, mainly
           including GAC Trumpchi GS3 Shadow Speed, two new energy MPV and one new energy SUV,
           GAC AION Hyper SSR, Hyper GT, one new SUV, new GAC Honda Accord, ZR-V e:HEV, Breeze
           e:HEV, Breeze e:PHEV, facelifted Fit, facelifted Avancier, GAC Toyota Frontlander HEV, Levin
           GT HEV, etc.


           The major operational measures are as follows:


           (1)   The Group will focus on “Trillion GAC” and actively promote high-quality development.
                 It will also strengthen strategic leadership and implementation, make every effort to
                 achieve a turnaround, improve quality, actively promote terminal inventory reduction,
                 and comprehensively complete the annual target.


           (2)   The Group will establish GAC as a first-class enterprise and enhance innovation
                 capabilities in all aspects. It will also unswervingly be committed to innovation,
                 accelerate the transformation and upgrading to ICV and NEV with technological
                 innovation, explore business model innovation, and continue to deepen management
                 innovation.


           (3)   The Group will adhere to the supremacy of customers and strive to optimise products
                 and services. It will also promptly launch products that meet consumers’ needs for
                 innovation and change, continue to create excellent products, construct a characteristic
                 marketing system, and expand high-end service industries to empower car sales.


           (4)   The Group will concentrate on the two self-developed brands and implement a
                 triennium plan for new growth. It will also improve the integrated synergy mechanism,
                 accelerate the promotion of the brand rejuvenation plan, accurately cultivate star
                 products, innovate characteristic marketing services, comprehensively improve our
                 profitability, and form an emerging pattern of in-depth internationalisation.




60
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2022




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    (5)   The Group will accelerate the transformation of the “Four Modernisations” and promote
          the upgrading of the energy level of the industrial chain. The Group will also extend the
          upstream and downstream to promote electrification, and promote the development of
          next-generation self-developed batteries, cells, and electric drive system. The Group will
          take into account both software and hardware to promote intelligent connectivity and
          intensify the control over key core technologies of intelligent interconnection. It will
          also strengthen its overall planning to promote digitalisation, and empower business
          development. The Group will promote shareability in innovative ways, and accelerate
          the implementation of the Robotaxi commercialisation project. The Group will stick
          to three-pronged “Independent R&D + JV Cooperation + M&A Investment” model to
          promote chain replenishment and reinforcement, and establish an independent and
          controllable core industrial chain.


    (6)   The Group will deepen the reform of state-owned enterprises and constantly release
          the driving force of development. It will continue to deepen reforms, strengthen
          incentive and restraint mechanisms, improve corporate governance, strengthen risk
          prevention, and enhance the soft power of brand culture.



(IV) Potential risks
    (1)   Risk of macroeconomic fluctuations
          Residents’ purchasing power and willingness to purchase declined in 2022. China
          prospectively implemented the established policies and initiatives, and launched
          a series of policies and follow-up measures to stabilise the economy, such that
          consumption, which serves as the primary driving force of the economy, stopped
          falling and rebounded. However, the impetus for the recovery of the world economy
          is insufficient, as the commodity prices fluctuate at high levels, and the external
          environment is becoming more complex, severe and uncertain. China’s economic
          development is faced with the triple pressure of demand contraction, supply shock
          and weakening expectations. Macroeconomic fluctuations may have a certain impact
          on the overall development of the automobile industry and the Group.




                                                                                                            61
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          (2)   Risk of supply chain
                The global chips supply is expected to remain tight. Domestic automobile enterprises
                are exposed to greater supply chain risks since the local substitution process in
                chips is slow. The chip shortage has not been fundamentally alleviated yet, especially
                chips, which are with sophisticated integration and high computing power, such
                as MCU chips in tight supply. Various semiconductor companies have increased
                their investment in the production capacity of automotive chips, and the Group has
                also strengthened cooperation with chip manufacturers to optimise the production
                schedule of vehicle models and reduce the losses caused by the shortage of chip
                supply. However, if the shortage in supply of chips continue, it will have a relatively
                significant impact on the Company’s production and operation. In addition, due
                to the intricate and volatile external international environment, the supply risks of
                components that are highly dependent on imports, such as chips, will still exist.


          (3)   Risk of high costs for raw materials
                Since 2022, the market price of raw materials has soared, as shown particularly by that
                of the battery-grade lithium carbonate. Although the price in early 2023 has dropped
                compared with its high level as in the previous year, it still imposes considerable cost
                pressure on auto companies. The Group has actively adopted cost control measures,
                and to accelerate the establishment of a vertically integrated new energy industry
                chain layout, but the price tendency of raw materials will generate uncertainty to
                impede the Company’s profit target.


          (4)   Risk of policy
                With the termination of the subsidy policy for the purchase of new energy vehicles
                in 2023, the NEV industry will completely transit from policy-driven to market-
                driven. Auto enterprises must make rational adjustments to product development
                plans and product structures, and formulate adequate countermeasures in terms of
                capital, technology and marketing in advance. It’s essential for auto enterprises to
                improve product competitiveness while further controlling costs, so as to minimise
                the dependence of the enterprise’s production and operation on subsidy policies,
                and realise a smooth transition after the termination of subsidies. In addition, the
                penetration rate of new energy vehicles continues to increase and thus they will
                occupy more market share. Traditional fuel vehicles will face more intense market
                competition.




62
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2022



 Chapter 4

 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
I.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Group was in strict compliance with relevant corporate governance requirements under the
     Company Law, the Securities Law, the Code of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies, the
     SSE Listing Rules, the Listing Rules and its Appendix 14, the Corporate Governance Code. The
     Group constantly optimised the structure of corporate governance, regulated the operation of
     general meetings, the Board and the Supervisory Committee in an orderly manner, and disclosed
     information in compliance with laws and regulations so as to establish a modern corporate
     governance system with sound scientific norms, effective checks and balances, and efficient
     operation. A total of 21 Board meetings and 15 meetings of special committees of the Board
     were held during the year; in addition, in order to constantly improve governance, the Company
     has reviewed and revised the internal management system from time to time, formulated 8
     systems such as the Regulations for Data Safety Management, and revised 50 systems such as the
     Implementing Rules for the Audit Committee during the reporting period, which further optimised
     the governance structure and improved its governance.


     There was no deviation by the Company’s corporate governance from the requirements as specified
     in the existing laws and regulations, and the listing rules of the SSE and the Stock Exchange during
     the year. The Company was committed to continuous improvements on corporate governance, and
     firmly believed that good governance was crucial for long stability and sustainable development of
     the Company.


     The Company’s structure of corporate governance comprises the general meetings, the Board
     and its special committees, the Supervisory Committee, the management and the employees,
     each of which plays an important role in the corporate governance of the Company. The specific
     information is described below:



     (I)   General Meeting
           The general meeting is the authoritative body of the Company and has legal power to
           decide on significant matters of the Company. The Company carries out policies of open
           and honest communication and fair disclosures. The Company can ensure all shareholders,
           especially minority shareholders enjoy equal status and rights. Pursuant to Article 69 of the
           Articles of Association, if shareholders individually and jointly holding not less than 10% of
           the Company’s issued shares with voting rights request in writing to hold an extraordinary
           general meeting, an extraordinary general meeting shall be held within two months after
           receipt of such written request.




                                                                                                                  63
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Pursuant to Article 71 of the Articles of Association, shareholders individually and jointly
          holding over 3% of the shares of the Company are entitled to propose extraordinary
          motions to the Company and submit them in writing to the convener ten days before the
          general meeting. The convener of the general meeting shall issue supplementary notice
          of the general meeting to announce the content of the extraordinary motions within two
          days after receiving the proposed motions. The Company formulates efficient channels
          of communication with shareholders. All shareholders have the right to be informed and
          to participate in significant events of the Company; shareholders may raise enquiries and
          express their view to the Board in writing at any time (Contact address: The office of the
          Board of GAC Group at Room 2202, GAC Center, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New Town,
          Tianhe District, Guangzhou (Postal code: 510623), Telephone: 020-83151139, Fax: 020-83150319,
          Email: ir@gac.com.cn).


          The Company has formulated the Rules of Procedures of the General Meeting, convened and
          held general meetings in strict compliance with regulatory requirements of listed companies
          so as to ensure that shareholders are able to fully exercise their rights. When the Company
          convenes an annual general meeting, written notice shall be given to all shareholders twenty-
          one days prior to the convening of the meeting. When convening an extraordinary general
          meeting, written notice shall be given to all shareholders fifteen days prior to the convening
          of the meeting. The notice of general meeting containing an agenda, resolutions proposed
          and a voting form are announced in a timely manner and/or sent to all H shareholders
          whose shares are registered in the register of members by post in accordance with the
          requirements. All shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings. All registered
          shareholders on the record date are entitled to attend the general meeting. H shareholders
          who are unable to attend the general meeting can appoint their proxies or the chairman
          of the general meeting as their proxies to attend the general meeting on their behalves
          (the proxy form shall be completed and returned by H shareholders to the Company or the
          Company’s H share registrar). All directors, supervisors and members of management of
          the Company are also requested to try their best to attend the general meetings; results of
          resolutions or poll results of the general meeting shall be timely announced in such manner
          as required by the Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules. Lawyer attended each general
          meeting and issued legal opinion.


          The controlling shareholders and ultimate controller of the Company conscientiously
          fulfilled their obligations in good faith. There was no act that interfered with the decisions
          and operations of the Company directly or indirectly, by-passing the general meeting, nor
          was there any damage to the interest of the Company and other shareholders. The related-
          party transactions of the Company were fair and reasonable, the pricing of which has been
          adequately disclosed and no conduct damaging interests of the Company was found.


          During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 annual general meeting, 2
          extraordinary general meetings and 1 class meeting (for A and H shareholders respectively),
          the procedures of which have complied with the Company Law, and the Articles of
          Association.

64
                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2022




                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(II) Directors and the Board
    1.   Directors and Composition of the Board
         Directors of the Company are elected or rotated at the general meeting. The sixth
         session of the Board consists of 11 directors, including 2 executive directors, namely
         Zeng Qinghong (Chairman), Feng Xingya (General Manager); 5 non-executive directors,
         namely Chen Xiaomu, Chen Maoshan, Ding Hongxiang, Guan Dayuan, Liu Zhijun; and 4
         independent directors, namely Zhao Fuquan, Xiao Shengfang, Wong Hakkun and Song
         Tiebo, accounting for over one-third of the total number of members of the Board.
         Independent directors have diverse professional backgrounds such as automobile
         industry, legal and compliance, audit and finance and strategic management
         respectively, coming from different areas and countries, whereas certain independent
         directors have work experience as senior management in well-established enterprises
         of various countries and areas, thereby achieving the Board diversity of the Company
         in terms of age, professional knowledge, work experience and region. In the future,
         the Company will further enhance the diversity of the Board in more aspects such as
         gender.


         All directors have attended the meetings with an earnest and responsible attitude all
         the time. They are familiar with the relevant laws and regulations and understand their
         rights, responsibilities and obligations as a director. The directors believed that, the
         Company has sufficient resources to continue its business in the foreseeable future and
         there are no material uncertainties which may adversely affect the Company’s ability to
         operate as a going concern.


         During the reporting period, the Company convened 21 Board meetings. The
         convening, holding and resolution procedures of the Board meetings have complied
         with the Company Law, the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the
         Board.


    2.   Powers of the Board
         The Board is accountable to the general meeting and exercises the following powers:


         (1)   To convene general meetings and report its work at the general meetings;


         (2)   To implement the resolutions of the general meetings;


         (3)   To decide on the business plans and investment plans of the Company;


         (4)   To decide on the mid-term and long-term development plans of the Company;


         (5)   To formulate annual financial budgets and financial accounts of the Company;


                                                                                                          65
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



            (6)    To formulate the profit distribution plans and plans on making up losses of the
                   Company;


            (7)    To formulate proposals for increase or reduction of the registered capital of the
                   Company and issue and listing of bonds or other securities of the Company;


            (8)    To formulate plans for major acquisitions, purchase of shares of the Company
                   or plans for merger, division, dissolution or alteration of corporate form of the
                   Company;


            (9)    To determine external investments, purchases and sales of assets, pledge of
                   assets, external guarantees, loans, entrusted asset management, disposal of
                   assets, connected transactions and external donations of the Company, save for
                   the matters that are required to be resolved at the general meeting pursuant to
                   the law, regulations, the Articles of Association and other regulatory documents;


            (10)   To determine the establishment of the Company’s internal management
                   structure and manpower deployment;


            (11)   To appoint or remove the general manager and the secretary to the Board based
                   on the nomination by the chairman of the Board; to appoint or remove the
                   deputy general manager, chief financial officer and other senior management
                   of the Company based on the nomination by the general manager and to
                   determine their remunerations and rewards and penalties;


            (12)   To formulate the basic management system of the Company;


            (13)   To formulate proposals for amendment to the Articles of Association;


            (14)   To formulate the information disclosure system of the Company and to manage
                   information disclosure (including handling of inside information) of the Company;


            (15)   To propose the appointment or removal of the Company’s auditors at the general
                   meeting;


            (16)   To receive the work report and inspect the work of the general manager of the
                   Company;


            (17)   To formulate share incentive schemes;


            (18)   To be responsible for the establishment, refinement and effective implementation
                   of risk management, compliance management, internal control and other
                   systems, and make decisions on major issues related to risk management,
                   compliance management and internal control;

66
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2022




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     (19)   To review and resolve other matters required to be decided by the Board
            pursuant to the laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules, the
            requirements of the place where the Company’s shares are listed and the Articles
            of Association.


     The exercise of power by the Board on the aforesaid matters or any transactions or
     arrangements of the Company shall be proposed for consideration and approval at the
     general meeting should the listing rules of the place where the shares of the Company
     are listed so require.


3.   Responsibilities of Directors
     The directors acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of annual financial
     statements and true and fair presentation of the Company’s business results and
     financial conditions. The Board, which is responsible for overseeing the preparation of
     annual financial statements, receives the Company’s monthly management accounts
     in respect of operation and updates on the Group’s performance, financial position
     and prospects. In preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
     2022, the Board adopted appropriate accounting policies consistently, made prudent
     and reasonable judgements and estimates, and ensured that the financial statements
     were prepared on a going concern basis and show a true and fair view of the financial
     position of the Company and of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and of the financial
     performance and cash flows for the year.


4.   Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board of the Company has adopted the terms of reference for directors to perform
     its corporate governance functions, which include the formulation and review of the
     Company’s corporate governance policy and practices; review and oversee the training
     and continuous professional development of the directors and senior management;
     review and oversee the Company’s policy and practices on compliance with law and
     regulations; formulate, review and oversee the Code of Conduct and Compliance
     Manual for employees and directors, and review the Company’s observance of
     the Corporate Governance Code and disclosures made in Chapter 4 – “Corporate
     Governance” of this report.


     For the year 2022, the Board has performed the above corporate governance functions.
     During the year, the Company has complied with the code provisions in the Corporate
     Governance Code, the Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                      67
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          5.   Director Training
               During the reporting period, the directors of the Company actively participated
               in the relevant trainings of corporate governance, directors’ duties and operation
               management. The secretary to the Board and company secretary, Ms. Sui Li and
               joint company secretary, Mr. Leung Chong Shun have complied with the professional
               training requirement under rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules during the year. All directors
               have also provided their relevant training records during the reporting period. Details
               regarding the training of directors during the reporting period are as follows:


                                          Zeng     Feng      Zhao      Xiao    Wong    Song     Chen      Chen     Ding     Guan
               Directors               Qinghong   Xingya   Fuquan Shengfang   Hakkun   Tiebo   Xiaomu Maoshan Hongxiang   Dayuan Liu Zhijun

               Training participated       ABC      ABC      ABC       ABC      ABC     ABC       BC       BC        BC      ABC        BC


               Notes:
               A:          Trainings on corporate governance of listed companies, directors’ duties and the relevant
                           trainings organised by stock exchanges or securities regulatory authorities;
               B:          Special training, seminars and conferences on aspects of economics, finance and corporate
                           management;
               C:          Reading materials related to corporate governance, directors’ duties and regulations of
                           internal control and risk management; and attending seminars, forums and conferences,
                           etc.


               All directors of the Company can timely access the relevant laws, regulations and other
               information relating to their continuing obligations through the secretary to the Board
               and the office of the Board. The Company ensures that all directors keep abreast of
               business development of the Company, the competitive and regulatory environment,
               as well as the development trend of the industry through provision of materials,
               conferences and seminars, which help directors understand their responsibilities and
               make right decisions and conduct effective supervision. The Company has adopted the
               Model Code as the code of conduct for securities transactions by directors. There is no
               financial, business, family or other material or related relationship existing among the
               directors.


               After making specific enquiries with all directors, all directors have confirmed that they
               have fully complied with the rules as required by the Model Code throughout the year
               of 2022.




68
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2022




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



6.   Independence of the Independent Directors


     The Company has established a mechanism (including the Rules for the Independent
     Directors) to ensure that the Board can receive independent views and opinions.
     Pursuant to this mechanism, the independent directors of the Company attend the
     meetings of the board of directors and its respective committees, where discussions
     are raised and decisions are made regarding important matters. With professional
     knowledge and experience, the independent directors provide opinions on the
     Company’s standardized operations, carefully review the fairness and objectivity of
     the terms of related transactions, express their opinions and perform their duties
     independently without being influenced by the Company’s controlling shareholder or
     other units and individuals that have an interest in the Company. During the reporting
     period, independent directors were able to faithfully perform their duties of integrity
     and diligence in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations.
     During the reporting period, the Board has reviewed the implementation and
     effectiveness of the relevant mechanism.


     Additionally, apart from regular meetings of the Board, the Chairman will also meet
     the independent directors without the presence of other directors to obtain their
     independent opinions on different matters of the Company. During the year ended
     31 December 2022, the Chairman has conducted such meetings with independent
     directors.


     The Company’s independent directors have knowledge of the rights and obligations of
     the directors and independent directors of listed companies. In accordance with Rule
     3.13 of the Listing Rules on the Stock Exchange, the Company has received the annual
     confirmation of independence from each of the independent directors. The Company
     considers that they are independent.


     The Company has reported to the independent directors the production and operation
     situation of the Company and the progress of significant events, submitted the
     annual reports and audit work schedule in compliance with the relevant requirements
     of the CSRC and the SSE concerning annual reports. Independent directors have
     communicated with the Company’s auditors in respect of the related issues of the
     audit process.


     During the reporting period, the independent directors did not hold dissenting views
     regarding resolutions of the Board and other resolutions not considered by the Board.




                                                                                                     69
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          7.   Special Committees of the Board


               The Board has set up Strategy Committee, Audit Committee, Remuneration and
               Assessment Committee and Nomination Committee. Compositions of each of the
               committees of the Board are as follows:


               (1)   Strategy Committee comprises 6 directors, namely Zeng Qinghong, Feng Xingya,
                     Zhao Fuquan, Song Tiebo, Guan Dayuan and Ding Hongxiang, among whom,
                     Zhao Fuquan and Song Tiebo are independent directors and Zeng Qinghong
                     is the chairman of the committee. The committee is mainly responsible
                     for conducting research and making recommendations on the long-term
                     development strategy and major investment decision of the Company. During
                     the reporting period, 4 meetings of the Strategy Committee were held and
                     all members attended the meetings, at which the matters with respect to the
                     energy conservation and emission reduction plans, the ESG plans, and the ESG
                     Report were considered and reviewed.


               (2)   Audit Committee comprises 3 independent directors, namely Wong Hakkun,
                     Xiao Shengfang and Song Tiebo, among whom Wong Hakkun is the chairman of
                     the committee. Their primary duties are to supervise and review the annual audit
                     work and internal audit system of the Company, the financial information and
                     disclosure of the Company, and compliance supervision. During the reporting
                     period, 7 meetings of the Audit Committee were held and all members attended
                     the meetings. The Audit Committee mainly reviewed and deliberated the annual,
                     interim and quarterly reports and results, profit distribution and appointment of
                     auditing institution and also timely reviewed the internal control system at the
                     meetings.


               (3)   Remuneration and Assessment Committee comprises 3 directors, namely Xiao
                     Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang, among whom, Xiao Shengfang
                     and Song Tiebo are independent directors and Xiao Shengfang is the chairman
                     of the committee. Their primary duties are to formulate the assessment criteria
                     and appraise the directors and senior management of the Company, formulate
                     and review the remuneration policies and proposals of directors and senior
                     management of the Company, approve the terms of the executive directors'
                     service contracts and review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes
                     under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. During the year, 3 meetings of the
                     Remuneration and Assessment Committee were held in total and all members
                     attended the meetings. The Remuneration and Assessment Committee reviewed
                     the remuneration and appraisal proposal of senior management for the year
                     2021 and the appraisal plan relating to the share option incentive schemes of the
                     Company, and recommendations were provided to the Board.

70
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2022




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     (4)   Nomination Committee comprises 3 directors, namely Xiao Shengfang, Song
           Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang, among whom, Xiao Shengfang and Song Tiebo are
           independent directors and Xiao Shengfang is the chairman of the committee.
           Their duties are to make recommendations regarding the candidates of
           senior management, the selection standards and procedures as well as being
           responsible for reviewing the principle of diversified selection in nomination
           of directors, assisting and maintaining the diversified visions and various
           educational backgrounds and professional knowledge. During the year, 1 meeting
           of the Nomination Committee was held in total and all members attended the
           meeting, at which the matters with respect to the appointment and dismissal of
           senior management were considered and reviewed and recommendations were
           provided.


8.   Board Diversity Policy
     According to the Board diversity policy of the Company (the “Diversity Policy”), when
     determining the composition of the Board, the Company will consider board diversity
     in terms of, among other things, age, gender, educational background, ethnicity,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and term of service. All Board appointments
     will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective
     criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Nomination
     Committee of the Company will disclose the composition of the Board annually
     in the annual report and monitor the implementation of the Diversity Policy. The
     Nomination Committee will review the Diversity Policy, when appropriate, to ensure
     the effectiveness of the Diversity Policy, and will recommend any such revisions to
     the Board for consideration and approval. During the reporting period, the Board has
     reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Diversity Policy.


     In order to comply with Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules, the Company is considering
     adding one or more female director(s) to the Board to achieve the gender diversity of
     members before 31 December 2024, through various channels (including appointing
     an independent professional recruitment agency to assist in identifying potential
     candidates, referring to the nomination policy, or inviting existing directors, senior
     management or shareholders of the Company to recommend appropriate candidate
     referrals), and establish a potential director succession pipeline that empowers gender
     diversity in the long run.


     The Group strictly adheres to the Rules for Recruitment and Employment and the Rules
     for Management of Employee Salary and Benefit, treats employees of different races,
     genders, and beliefs equally, and conducts recruitment of staff and salary management
     in a fair and objective manner, thereby achieving diversity in all employees (including
     senior management) in terms of gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     professional experience, skills and knowledge. As of 31 December 2022, the number of

                                                                                                     71
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



               female employees in the Group was 17,792, accounting for approximately 17.8% of the
               total number of employees; the number of male employees was 82,329, accounting
               for approximately 82.2% of the total number of employees. The Group will continue to
               promote and achieve gender diversity within its employees.


          9.   Nomination Policy
               According to the nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) of the Company, in
               evaluating and selecting candidates for directorship, the Nomination Committee shall:


               (1)    review the structure and composition (including the skills, knowledge and
                      experience) of the Board, with reference to the operations, assets scale and
                      shareholding structure of the Company, annually and make recommendations
                      to the Board on any proposed changes concerning the directors in line with the
                      implementation of the Company’s strategy;


               (2)    study the selection criteria and procedures of the directors and senior
                      management and to make recommendations to the Board;


               (3)    search extensively for the qualified candidates of the directors and senior
                      management;


               (4)    review and make recommendations to the Board on the candidates of the
                      directors and senior management;


               (5)    review and make recommendations on the other senior management who
                      would be submitted to the Board for appointment;


               (6)    assess the independence of independent directors;


               (7)    give due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board against objective criteria
                      with reference to the Diversity Policy when performing the duties set out above;


               (8)    review the Diversity Policy where appropriate, review the measurable objectives
                      and the progress of attainment under the Diversity Policy, and to disclose its
                      review in the annual report each year to ensure effective implementation;


               (9)    recommend to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of directors
                      and the succession plan for directors, in particular the chairman and the general
                      manager; and


               (10)   other matters conferred by the Board.



72
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2022




                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          The selection procedures of the directors and senior management are as follows:


          (1)   the Nomination Committee shall actively communicate with the relevant
                departments of the Company to study the demand of the Company for new
                directors and senior management and to produce the result in writing;


          (2)   the Nomination Committee may extensively look for candidates of the directors
                and senior management within the Company and its controlling (investee)
                enterprises as well as in the labour market;


          (3)   to obtain information about the occupation, education background, job title,
                detailed information in relation to the work experience and all the part-time
                positions of the preliminary proposed candidates and to produce the result in
                writing;


          (4)   to seek the nominees’ approval on the nomination, otherwise he/she shall not be
                nominated as the candidates of the directors and senior management;


          (5)   to convene meetings of the Nomination Committee and to review the
                qualification of the preliminary proposed candidates according to the job criteria
                of the directors and senior management;


          (6)   to recommend and to provide materials about the candidates of the directors
                and senior management to the Board one to two months prior to the election of
                new directors and the appointment of new senior management;


          (7)   to conduct other follow up work according to the decisions and feedbacks of the
                Board.



(III) Supervisors and Supervisory Committee
    The Supervisory Committee strictly performed its supervisory function in accordance with
    the requirements of relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association in a diligent
    and responsible manner.


    At present, the Supervisory Committee comprises 6 supervisors, namely Chen Tian, Cao
    Xiandong, Huang Cheng, Wang Yuan, Wang Lu and Huang Zhuo, among whom Wang Yuan
    (who took office on 27 February 2023 to succeed Shi Lei), Wang Lu and Huang Zhuo are staff
    representative supervisors.


    Constitution of such committee was in compliance with requirements of laws and
    regulations and the Articles of Association.

                                                                                                            73
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee convened 6 meetings, the
          convening, holding and procedures of which are in compliance with relevant requirements
          under the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the Supervisory Committee.
          All supervisors attended the meetings of the Supervisory Committee held this year and
          performed their duties conscientiously.



       ‫ـ‬Xß‫˚ ف‬ƵwƊȁƊǐƵǿƵȁɈ
          The appointment, dismissal of and rewards and punishment for the senior management of
          the Company were in strict compliance with the provisions of relevant laws, regulations and
          the Articles of Association. The Company has clearly defined the roles and division of work
          between the Board and the management as well as the respective responsibilities of the
          chairman of the Board and the general manager in its Articles of Association, ensuring the
          independence of the Board in decision-making and the independence of the management
          in managing the daily operations. The management of the Company mainly exercises the
          following daily operation rights under the authorisation of the Board:


          (1)   to be responsible for the Company’s production, operation and management, to
                organise resources to carry out the Board’s resolutions, and to report to the Board;


          (2)   to organise the implementation of the Company’s annual business plan and
                investment plan;


          (3)   to draft plans for the establishment of the Company’s internal management structure;


          (4)   to formulate the Company’s basic management system;


          (5)   to formulate the specific rules and regulations of the Company;


          (6)   to propose the appointment or dismissal of the Company’s deputy general manager(s)
                and chief financial officer;


          (7)   to decide on the appointment or dismissal of management personnel and staff other
                than those required to be appointed or dismissed by the Board;


          (8)   to propose the convening of extraordinary board meeting; and


          (9)   to exercise other powers conferred by the Articles of Association or the Board.




74
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2022




                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, the remuneration of the
    members of the senior management by band for the year 2022 is set out below:


                                                                                          Number of
    Remuneration bands (RMB)                                                                  persons

    1,000,001 to 2,000,000                                                                             6
    2,000,001 to 3,000,000                                                                            0
    3,000,001 to 4,000,000                                                                             6
    Total                                                                                             12




(V) Company Secretary
    During the reporting period, the company secretaries of the Company are Ms. Sui Li, senior
    management of the Company, and Mr. Leung Chong Shun, a practicing solicitor in Hong
    Kong and external service provider. The primary contact person of the Company is Ms. Sui
    Li, the secretary to the Board. The company secretaries have received relevant professional
    training which fulfilled the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.



(VI) Appointment and Remuneration of External Auditor
    The external auditor appointed by the Company is PricewaterhouseCoopers. The auditor’s
    remuneration is disclosed in the paragraph titled “Appointment or Dismissal of Accountants”
    under Chapter 8 – “Significant Events” of this report.



(VII) Investor Relations
    The Group has formulated relevant systems such as the Investor Relations Management System
    and the Working System for Investor Complaint Handling to ensure a sound communication
    with the shareholders. The Group communicates with its investors through multiple channels
    and at multiple levels. The communication method should be as convenient and effective as
    possible for investors and shareholders to express their opinions on various matters affecting
    the Group, and for the Group to seek and understand the opinions from shareholders and
    stakeholders. Above-mentioned methods include: general meetings, SSE E-interactive,
    investor relations column on the Company’s official website, open day for investors, investor
    hotline, email, visiting survey, performance briefing, roadshow, reverse roadshow activities,
    etc.




                                                                                                             75
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



           In 2022, the Group received a total of 2,007 person-times of surveys, including 1,103 person-
           times of investor teleconferencing surveys, 145 person-times of offline communications such
           as investor exchange summits/roadshows, and 759 person-times of performance briefing
           communications. In view of the growing tendency of minority shareholders and investors of
           the Company, the Group ensures smooth dialogue with minority shareholders and individual
           investors through the SSE E-interactive platform, hotline, IR mailbox, and the company’s
           official website. In 2022, the Group responded to more than 128 investor inquiries through the
           SSE E-interactive platform and more than 144 investor consultations through the hotline. In
           view of the various channels for communicating with investors and shareholders, the Group
           believes that the implementation and effectiveness of relevant systems during the year are
           effective and sufficient.



       (VIII) Amendments to the Articles of Association
           There was no amendment during the reporting period.


           In order to comply with the core shareholder protection standards set out in Appendix III
           to the Listing Rules as amended on 1 January 2022, the Company has made corresponding
           amendments to its Articles of Association according to the Plan for Institutional Reform
           of the State Council (《國務院機構改革方案》), the Guidelines on the Articles of Association for
           Listed Companies (Revised in 2022) (《上市公司章程指引》(2022年修訂）) issued by the CSRC, the
           SSE Listing Rules (Revised in 2022) and the actual situation of the Company. The relevant
           amendments have been passed by way of special resolution on the 2023 first extraordinary
           general meeting convened by the Company on 20 January 2023. For details, please refer to
           the circular of the Company published on 4 January 2023.




76
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022




                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



II.   GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                          Enquiry index of the
                                                          designated website for    Date of disclosure
                                                          the publication of the    of the publication   Resolutions of
      Session of the meeting            Date              resolutions               of the resolutions   meetings

      2021 annual general meeting       27 May 2022       Websites of SSE and the   27 May 2022          Resolutions of the
        and 2022 first class meetings                       Stock Exchange                                  2021 annual general
        for A and H shareholders                                                                            meeting and the
                                                                                                            2022 first class
                                                                                                            meetings for A and
                                                                                                            H shareholders
      2022 first extraordinary          19 August 2022    Websites of SSE and the   19 August 2022       Resolutions of
        general meeting                                     Stock Exchange                                  the 2022 first
                                                                                                            extraordinary
                                                                                                            general meeting
      2022 second extraordinary         14 October 2022   Websites of SSE and the   14 October 2022      Resolutions of the
        general meeting                                     Stock Exchange                                  2022 second
                                                                                                            extraordinary
                                                                                                            general meeting


      Convening of the general meetings of the Company were in strict compliance with the
      requirements of the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the General Meeting. The
      proposal and voting procedures were in compliance with the relevant requirements of laws and
      regulations. General meetings held during this reporting period were all witnessed by lawyers who
      issued legal opinions. The Company disclosed the announcement on general meetings’ resolutions
      in a timely, complete and accurate manner after the general meetings.




                                                                                                                                   77
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     III. P R O F I L E S O F D I R E C T O R S , S U P E R V I S O R S A N D S E N I O R
          MANAGEMENT

         (I)   Particulars of Changes in the Shareholding and Remuneration
               of Incumbent and Resigned Directors, Supervisors and Senior
               Management During the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                        Unit: A share

                                                                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                                                                                                remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                     obtained
                                                                                                                                                                                   payable by
                                                                                                           Number of shares                         Increase/                   the Company Remuneration
                                                                                                                 held at the Number of shares     decrease in                      during the from related
                                                                   Commencement Expiry date                 beginning of the held at the end number of shares Reason for the reporting period parties of the
               Name             Position (Note)         Gender Age date of term of term                                year       of the year during the year increase/decrease   (RMB0'000) Company

               Zeng Qinghong  Chairman and Party Secretary Male 61     8 October 2021   8 October 2024           531,000           398,300              -132,700 Share Option Scheme       122.14 No
               Feng Xingya    Director and General Manager Male 53     8 October 2021   8 October 2024          766,533            574,933              -191,600 Share Option Scheme      398.08 No
               Zhao Fuquan    Independent Director         Male 59     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                 0                 0                     – –                             15 No
               Xiao Shengfang Independent Director         Male 53     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                 0                 0                     – –                             15 No
               Wong Hakkun    Independent Director         Male 56     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                 0                 0                     – –                             15 No
               Song Tiebo     Independent Director         Male 57     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                 0                 0                     – –                              15 No
               Chen Xiaomu    Director and Deputy          Male 47     8 October 2021   8 October 202497,367 (A shares) 97,367 (A shares)                      0 –                         112.02 No
                                Party Secretary                                                       98,000(H shares) 98,000 (H shares)
               Chen Maoshan Staff Representative Director Male 58      8 October 2021 11 August 2024 586,868 (A shares) 684,868 (A shares)      98,000 (A shares) Share Option Scheme     301.03 No
                                and chairman of the labour                                            111,274 (H shares) 111,274 (H shares)
                                union
               Ding Hongxiang Director                     Male 56     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                    0                 0                – –                               0 No
               Guan Dayuan Director                        Male 59     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                    0                 0                – –                               0 No
               Liu Zhijun     Director                     Male 59     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                    0                 0                – –                               0 No
               Chen Tian      Supervisor                   Female 45   8 October 2021   8 October 2024                    0                 0                – –                               0 No
               Cao Xiandong Supervisor                     Male 42     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                    0                 0                – –                               0 No
               Huang Cheng Supervisor                      Male 48     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                    0                 0                – –                               0 No
               Shi Lei        Staff Representative         Male 49     8 October 2021   27 February 2023            120,395           120,395                0 –                           92.95 No
                                Supervisor
               Wang Yuan      Staff Representative         Female 43   27 February 2023 8 October 2024                   –                 –                  – –                             – No
                                Supervisor
               Wang Lu        Staff Representative         Female 54   8 October 2021 8 October 2024                     0                 0                  – –                         88.80 No
                                Supervisor
               Huang Zhuo Staff Representative             Male 42     8 October 2021 8 October 2024                     0                 0                  – –                          78.64 No
                                Supervisor
               Yan Zhuangli Deputy General Manager Male 54             8 October 2021 8 October 2024               260,000           260,000                  0 –                         310.45 No
               Wang Dan       Chief accountant and person Female 52    8 October 2021 8 October 2024                715,868          739,868             24,000 Share Option Scheme       351.07 No
                                in charge of accounting
                                function
               Gao Rui        Deputy General Manager Male 43           8 October 2021   8 October 2024             160,000           224,000            64,000 Share Option Scheme        325.76 No
               Jiang Xiuyun Deputy General Manager Female 55           20 June 2022     8 October 2024                   0                 0                 – –                          319.46 No
               Yu Jun         Deputy General Manager Male 56           20 June 2022     8 October 2024             245,000           343,000            98,000 Share Option Scheme        162.92 No
               Zheng Heng Deputy General Manager Male 52               20 June 2022     8 October 2024             350,979           350,979                 – –                          162.92 No
               Xia Xianqing Deputy General Manager Male 49             20 June 2022     8 October 2024             245,000           245,000                 – –                          177.73 No


78
                                                                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




                                                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                                                                                remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                     obtained
                                                                                                                                                                   payable by
                                                                                           Number of shares                         Increase/                   the Company Remuneration
                                                                                                 held at the Number of shares     decrease in                      during the from related
                                                        Commencement Expiry date            beginning of the held at the end number of shares Reason for the reporting period parties of the
    Name            Position (Note)          Gender Age date of term of term                           year       of the year during the year increase/decrease   (RMB0'000) Company

    Sui Li          Secretary of the Board and Female 54   8 October 2021 26 August 2023            295,353           368,353          73,000 Share Option Scheme       308.33 No
                      company secretary
    Wu Song         Standing Deputy General Male 59        8 October 2021 20 June 2022              595,800          447,200          -148,600 Share Option Scheme      168.60 No
                      Manager                                                                                      see Note 3
    Li Shao         Deputy General Manager Male 60         8 October 2021 20 June 2022              595,767           595,767              0 –                          159.45 No
                                                                                                                   see Note 3
    Chen Hanjun     Deputy General Manager   Male    60    8 October 2021 20 June 2022              274,220           274,220              0 –                           159.15 No
                                                                                                                   see Note 3
    Total           /                        /       /     /               /                              /                                                            3,859.20 /


    Note:
    1.            The number of shares held at the end of the reporting period includes the granted restricted
                  shares.
    2.            From 20 June 2022, Ms. Wang Dan ceased to be the Deputy General Manager and person in
                  charge of accounting function, and was re-designated as the chief accountant and person in
                  charge of accounting function; Ms. Jiang Xiuyun ceased to be the chief accountant, and was re-
                  designated as the Deputy General Manager.
    3.            From 20 June 2022, Mr. Wu Song, Mr. Li Shao and Mr. Chen Hanjun ceased to be the senior
                  management of the Company. The respective number of Shares held by Mr. Wu Song, Mr. Li
                  Shao and Mr. Chen Hanjun at the end of the year is the number of Shares they held as at 20 June
                  2022, being the last day of their appointment and the last day which the Company was able to
                  ascertain their interest in the Company.
    4.            The remuneration of Mr. Yu Jun, Mr. Zheng Heng, Mr. Xia Xianqing, Mr. Wu Song, Mr. Li Shao, and
                  Mr. Chen Hanjun represents the total amount of remuneration received during their tenure as the
                  Deputy General Manager of the Company.



(II) Interests Required to be Disclosed under the SFO
    The following are the interests or short positions of the current and resigned directors,
    supervisors and chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and
    debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the SFO)
    as at 31 December 2022, which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
    Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
    positions which he/she was deemed or taken to have under such provisions of the SFO)
    or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register
    referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the
    Company and the Stock Exchange:

                                                                                                                                                                                               79
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                              interests in
                                                                                                              underlying                Percentage in
                                                                                                              shares held                 the class of   Percentage
                                                                Class of                      Number of      under equity                issued share of total share
          Name            Position                              shares     Capacity           shares held     derivatives      Total           capital       capital

          Zeng Qinghong   Chairman and Party Secretary          A shares   Beneficial owner       398,300               0    398,300          0.0054%       0.0038%
          Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager          A shares   Beneficial owner       574,933         290,000    864,933          0.0118%       0.0082%
          Chen Xiaomu     Director and Deputy Party Secretary   A shares   Beneficial owner        97,367               0     97,367          0.0013%       0.0009%
                                                                H shares   Beneficial owner        98,000               0     98,000          0.0032%       0.0009%
          Chen Maoshan    Staff Representative Director and     A shares   Beneficial owner       684,868         147,000    831,868          0.0114%       0.0079%
                             chairman of the labour union
                                                                H shares   Beneficial owner        111,274              0     111,274         0.0036%        0.0011%
          Shi Lei         Staff Representative Supervisor       A shares   Beneficial owner       120,395               0    120,395          0.0016%        0.0011%
                             (Resigned on 27 February 2023)
          Wang Yuan       Staff Representative Supervisor       A shares   Beneficial owner             –                –         –                 –             –
          Wang Lu         Staff Representative Supervisor       A shares   Beneficial owner             0               0          0         0.0000%        0.0000%
          Huang Zhuo      Staff Representative Supervisor       A shares   Beneficial owner             0               0          0         0.0000%        0.0000%
          Yan Zhuangli    Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner       260,000         260,000    520,000          0.0071%       0.0050%
          Wang Dan        Chief accountant and person in        A shares   Beneficial owner       739,868         156,000    895,868          0.0122%       0.0085%
                             charge of accounting function
          Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner       224,000          96,000    320,000         0.0044%         0.0031%
          Jiang Xiuyun    Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner             0               0          0         0.0000%        0.0000%
          Yu Jun          Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner       343,000         147,000    490,000          0.0067%       0.0047%
          Zheng Heng      Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner       350,979         245,000    595,979          0.0081%        0.0057%
          Xia Xianqing    Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner       245,000         245,000    490,000          0.0067%       0.0047%
          Sui Li          Secretary to the Board                A shares   Beneficial owner       368,353         147,000     515,353        0.0070%        0.0049%
          Wu Song         Standing Deputy General Manager       A shares   Beneficial owner      447,200*         260,000    707,200          0.0097%       0.0067%
                             (resigned on 20 June 2022)
          Li Shao         Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner      595,767*         260,000    855,767           0.0117%      0.0082%
                             (resigned on 20 June 2022)
          Chen Hanjun     Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner      274,220*         260,000    534,220          0.0073%        0.0051%
                             (resigned on 20 June 2022)


          *           see Note 3 at page 79 of this Report


          Note: In view of good practice of corporate governance, interests of senior management (other than the
                      chief executive) in the Company are also disclosed in the above table.




80
                                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022




                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(III) Share Options Granted to Directors and Senior Management during
      the Reporting Period
    A share options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme (as defined on page 134 of this
    report)


                                                                                                   Unit: share (A share)              Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                        Number of                     Shares       Shares                                average
                                                       outstanding Number of           under        under      Number       Number closing price     Number
                                                           A share new A share       A share      A share   of A share   of A share immediately of A share
                                                           options     options       options      options      options      options before the       options
                                                        held at the    granted   exercisable    exercised    cancelled       lapsed      exercise held at the
                                                      beginning of during the     during the   during the   during the   during the date of the A end of the
                                                     the reporting   reporting     reporting    reporting    reporting    reporting share options reporting
    Name            Position                                period      period        period       period       period       period        (RMB)      period

    Zeng Qinghong Chairman and Party Secretary                  0           0              0           0            0            0           N/A            0
    Feng Xingya Director and General Manager              290,000           0        116,000           0            0            0           N/A      290,000
    Chen Xiaomu Director and Deputy Party                       0           0              0           0            0            0           N/A            0
                    Secretary
    Chen Maoshan Staff Representative Director and        245,000           0        98,000        98,000           0            0          11.42     147,000
                    chairman of the labour union
    Yan Zhuangli Deputy General Manager                   260,000           0        104,000            0           0            0           N/A      260,000
    Wang Dan      Chief accountant and person in          260,000           0        104,000      104,000           0            0          11.33      156,000
                    charge of accounting function
                    (redesignated on 20 June 2022)
    Gao Rui       Deputy General Manager                  160,000           0        64,000        64,000           0            0          11.76      96,000
    Jiang Xiuyun Deputy General Manager                         0           0             0             0           0            0           N/A            0
                    (redesignated on 20 June 2022)
    Yu Jun        Deputy General Manager                  245,000           0        98,000        98,000           0            0          11.66     147,000
    Zheng Heng Deputy General Manager                     245,000           0        98,000             0           0            0           N/A      245,000
    Xia Xianqing Deputy General Manager                   245,000           0        98,000             0           0            0           N/A      245,000
    Sui Li        Secretary of the Board and              245,000           0        98,000        98,000           0            0          11.80     147,000
                    company secretary
    Wu Song       Standing Deputy General                 260,000           0        104,000      104,000           0            0          12.10     156,000
                    Manager
                    (resigned on 20 June 2022)
    Li Shao       Deputy General Manager                  260,000           0        104,000      104,000      156,000           0          12.10           0
                    (resigned on 20 June 2022)
    Chen Hanjun Deputy General Manager                    260,000           0        104,000      104,000      156,000           0          12.10           0
                    (resigned on 20 June 2022)


    Note:


    For the grant date, validity period, exercise period and the exercise price of the above A share options,
    please refer to the paragraph titled “X. Share Option Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or
    Other Staff Incentives of the Company and Their Impact” under Chapter 8 – “Significant Events” of this
    report. During the reporting period, the A share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme (as defined on
    page 139 of this report) are yet to be granted or exercised.

                                                                                                                                                                 81
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Restricted A shares under the 2020 Incentive Scheme


                                                                                                              Unit: share (A share)                 Currency: RMB

                                                                   Number of Number of                                                            Weighted
                                                                     unvested locked-up Number of          Number of     Number of                average         Number of
                                                                    restricted restricted restricted A      restricted    restricted Number of closing price      locked-up
                                                                     A shares      A shares shares newly     A shares      A shares restricted A immediately    restricted A
                                                                  held at the held at the        granted     unlocked     cancelled shares lapsed before the    shares held
                                                                 beginning of beginning of during the      during the    during the during the vesting date of at the end of
                                                                the reporting the reporting reporting       reporting     reporting reporting the restricted the reporting
          Name            Position                                     period        period       period        period       period        period A share (RMB)       period

          Zeng Qinghong   Chairman and Party Secretary                     0             0            0              0           0            0           N/A              0
          Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager                     0       290,000            0        116,000           0            0           N/A        174,000
          Chen Xiaomu     Director and Deputy Party Secretary              0             0            0              0           0            0           N/A              0
          Chen Maoshan    Staff Representative Director and                0       245,000            0        98,000            0            0           N/A        147,000
                            chairman of the labour union
          Yan Zhuangli    Deputy General Manager                           0       260,000            0       104,000            0            0           N/A        156,000
          Wang Dan        Chief accountant and person in                   0       260,000            0       104,000            0            0           N/A        156,000
                            charge of accounting function
                            (redesignated on 20 June 2022)
          Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager                           0       160,000            0        64,000            0            0           N/A         96,000
          Jiang Xiuyun    Deputy General Manager                           0             0            0             0            0            0           N/A
                            (redesignated on 20 June 2022)
          Yu Jun          Deputy General Manager                           0       245,000            0        98,000            0            0           N/A        147,000
          Zheng Heng      Deputy General Manager                           0       245,000            0        98,000            0            0           N/A        147,000
          Xia Xianqing    Deputy General Manager                           0       245,000            0        98,000            0            0           N/A        147,000
          Sui Li          Secretary of the Board and company               0       245,000            0        98,000            0            0           N/A        147,000
                            secretary
          Wu Song         Standing Deputy General Manager                  0       260,000            0       104,000            0            0           N/A        156,000
                            (resigned on 20 June 2022)
          Li Shao         Deputy General Manager                           0       260,000            0       104,000            0            0           N/A        156,000
                            (resigned on 20 June 2022)
          Chen Hanjun     Deputy General Manager                           0       260,000            0       104,000            0            0           N/A        156,000
                            (resigned on 20 June 2022)


          Note:


          For details of the grant date, grant price, validity period, vesting period and repurchase price of the
          above-mentioned restricted A shares, please refer to the paragraph titled “X. Share Option Scheme,
          Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other Staff Incentives of the Company and Their Impact” under
          Chapter 8 – “Significant Events” of this report.




82
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name            Main work experiences

Zeng Qinghong   Mr. Zeng is a senior engineer and a Ph.D. candidate in management science
                and engineering. Currently, Mr. Zeng is the Chairman and party secretary of the
                Company and chairman of the Strategy Committee of the Board. He is also the
                chairman and party secretary of GAIG. He first joined the Company in 1997. He
                had served as the vice chairman of the Company from June 2005 to October
                2016, general manager of the Company from June 2005 to November 2016,
                and director of the Executive Committee of the Company from June 2013 to
                November 2016. Mr. Zeng was the vice chairman of GAIG from August 2008 to
                October 2016, general manager of GAIG from July 2013 to October 2016. He has
                been serving the current positions since October 2016. He was the chairman
                of GAC Toyota and vice chairman of GAC Toyota Engine from June 2013 to
                December 2016. He acted as a chairman of GAMC from August 2008 to June
                2013, chairman of GAC Gonow Automobile Co., Ltd. from January 2011 to June
                2013 and chairman of GAC FCA from January 2010 to June 2013. Prior to this, he
                held positions as chairman of GAC Business, GAC Component and GAC Hino,
                director and executive deputy general manager of GAC Honda and deputy
                general manager of GAIG and GAC Group. Mr. Zeng is a delegate of the 10th,
                11th and 13th National People’s Congress.


Feng Xingya     Mr. Feng is currently a director, general manager, director of the
                Executive Committee of the Company and member of the Strategy
                Committee of the Board. He is also a director of GAIG, chairman of
                GAMC, and chairman of GAC AION. Mr. Feng joined the Group in 2004,
                he has held positions as a deputy head of sales department, deputy
                general manager, executive deputy general manager and a director
                of GAC Toyota, a director of GAC Mitsubishi and vice chairman of
                Tong Fang Logistics. He has been the deputy general manager of the
                Company since 2008. Since 25 March 2015, he has been a director of the
                Company. He was the chairman of GAC FCA, GAC FCA Sales, Guang Ai
                Insurance Brokers Limited, Urtrust Insurance and Da Sheng Technology.
                Mr. Feng served as a deputy general manager in Zhengzhou Nissan
                Automobile Company Limited from June 1998 to June 2004. Mr.
                Feng graduated from Xi’an Jiaotong University with a bachelor’s
                degree in engineering in July 1988 and a master’s degree in business
                administration in July 2001. Mr. Feng is a delegate of the 14th National
                People’s Congress and the 16th People’s Congress in Guangzhou.




                                                                                                       83
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name             Main work experiences

          Zhao Fuquan      Mr. Zhao is currently an independent non-executive director of the
                           Company and a member of the Strategy Committee of the Board.
                           He is a professor and PhD supervisor of the School of Vehicle and
                           Mobility of Tsinghua University, dean of Tsinghua Automotive Strategy
                           Research Institute (TASRI), Chairman of the International Federation of
                           Automotive Engineering Societies (FISITA) (2018-2021). He has served
                           as the research director of USA DaimlerChrysler, the vice president
                           and general manager of the R&D center of Shenyang Brilliance Jinbei
                           Automobile Co., Ltd., vice president of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co.,
                           Ltd. and an executive director of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited, a
                           director of BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd., chairman of the board of
                           Australia DSI Holdings Ltd., a director of Manganese Bronze Holdings
                           and an independent director of BAIC Motor Corporation Limited. Mr.
                           Zhao graduated from Jilin University of Technology as an undergraduate
                           with a bachelor’s degree in Internal Combustion Engine in July 1985. He
                           graduated from Hiroshima University as a postgraduate with a master’s
                           degree in mechanical engineering in March 1989, and graduated from
                           Hiroshima University as a postgraduate with a doctorate degree in
                           mechanical engineering in March 1992.

          Xiao Shengfang   Mr. Xiao is currently an independent non-executive director of the
                           Company, chairman of the Remuneration and Assessment Committee
                           of the Board, chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Board and
                           a member of the Audit Committee of the Board. He is the supervisor
                           of Guangdong Sino-Win Law Firm, an expert in complicated civil and
                           commercial dispute resolution, a representative of the 13th National
                           People’s Congress, vice president of the All China Lawyers Association,
                           chairman of the Guangdong Lawyers Association, a special supervisor of
                           the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procuratorate,
                           vice chairman of the Guangdong Province Law Society, a member of the
                           Guangdong Provincial Judges and Prosecutors Disciplinary Committee,
                           an arbitrator of the Guangzhou Arbitration Commission, and the vice
                           chairman of the Guangzhou Law Society; and an independent director
                           of Guangzhou Lingnan International Enterprise Group Co., Ltd. (廣州嶺
                           南國際企業集團有限公司), Guangzhou Municipal Construction Group Co.,
                           Ltd. (廣州市建築集團有限公司), Guangdong Fenghua High-tech Co., Ltd. (廣
                           東風華高新科技股份有限公司), Kingfa Scientific and Technological Co., Ltd.
                           (金發科技股份有限公司) and Guangzhou Port Co., Ltd.. He once served as
                           the vice president of Guangzhou Lawyers Association and the deputy
                           director of the Labor Law Professional Committee of All China Lawyers
                           Association. He obtained a master’s degree in business administration
                           from Jinan University in 2002.



84
                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                         Annual Report 2022




                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name          Main work experiences

Wong Hakkun   Mr. Wong is currently an independent non-executive director of the
              Company and chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board. He
              is a member of each of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
              Accountants, the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, the
              Institute of Chartered Management Accountants and the Institute of
              Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, an independent director and
              chairman of audit committee of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. (a company
              listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 6690), an independent
              non-executive director and chairman of audit committee of Yue
              Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited (a company listed on the Stock
              Exchange, stock code: 0551), an independent non-executive director and
              chairman of audit committee of Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited
              (a company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 255), and an
              independent non-executive director and chairman of audit committee
              of Hangzhou SF Intra-city Industrial Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
              the Stock Exchange, stock code: 9699). He served as an independent
              non-executive director and chairman of audit committee of Zhejiang
              Cangnan Instrument Group Company Limited from June 2018 to 24
              July 2021. He was an audit partner of Deloitte China from 1992 to 2013
              and a national audit and assurance leading partner and a member
              of the management leadership team of Deloitte China from 2013 to
              2017. Mr. Wong has extensive experience in auditing, assurance and
              management. He graduated from the Faculty of Social Sciences of the
              University of Hong Kong as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree
              in social sciences majoring in economics and management in May 1980.

Song Tiebo    Mr. Song is currently an independent non-executive director of
              the Company, a member of the Strategy Committee of the Board,
              the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board, the
              Nomination Committee of the Board and the Audit Committee of the
              Board. He is a professor and doctoral tutor of the China Enterprises
              Strategic Management Research Center of the South China University
              of Technology. He has been focusing on teaching and researching in
              the field of enterprise strategic management for a long time. He has
              recently focused on the research on the collaborative evolution of
              Chinese enterprises strategies and institutional environment. Mr. Song
              currently serves as an independent director of Guangdong Xinbao
              Electrical Appliances Holdings Co., Ltd. and Guangdong Sky Dragon
              Technology Group Co., Ltd, and a former independent director of
              Guangzhou Zhujiang Brewery Group Co., Ltd.. He graduated from South
              China University of Technology as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s
              degree in inorganic nonmetallic materials science and engineering in
              June 1988. In December 1993, he graduated from South China University
              of Technology as a postgraduate with a master’s degree in management
              science and engineering, and graduated from South China University
              of Technology as a postgraduate with a doctorate degree in enterprise
              management in July 2005.

                                                                                               85
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name             Main work experiences

          Chen Xiaomu      Mr. Chen is currently a non-executive director, deputy party secretary
                           and the head of party work department of the Company. Mr. Chen
                           is also a director of GAIG. He served as the head of human resources
                           department of the Company, the party secretary, secretary to the
                           disciplinary committee, chairman of labour union and the director
                           of GAC Mitsubishi, and the director of GAC Mitsubishi Motor Sales
                           Co., Ltd.. He graduated from Jilin University of Technology majoring
                           in international trade in 1999 as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s
                           degree in engineering. In 2011, Mr. Chen graduated from the School of
                           Business Administration, South China University of Technology majoring
                           in business administration as a postgraduate with a master’s degree in
                           business administration. He graduated from Jilin University majoring
                           in business administration in 2018 as a postgraduate with a doctorate
                           degree in management.

          Chen Maoshan     Mr. Chen is currently a non-executive director of the Company (staff
                           representative) and chairman of the labour union of the Company.
                           Mr. Chen is also a director (staff representative), general manager and
                           chairman of the labour union of GAIG, chairman of GAC Mitsubishi,
                           chairman of GAC Mitsubishi Sales and chairman of Wuyang-Honda.
                           He acted as deputy general manager of the Company from March
                           2011 to June 2013, and deputy director of the Executive Committee of
                           the Company from June 2013 to February 2015. Prior to this, Mr. Chen
                           acted as the head of general affair department of GAC Honda, deputy
                           general manager of Honda (China) Co., Ltd., deputy general manager of
                           Guangzhou Motorcycle Group Co., Ltd., managing director and standing
                           deputy general manager of Wuyang-Honda and the chairman of GAC
                           Component.

          Ding Hongxiang   Mr. Ding is currently a non-executive director of the Company, a
                           member of the Strategy Committee of the Board, the Remuneration
                           and Assessment Committee of the Board, and the Nomination
                           Committee of the Board, and a director and the deputy party secretary
                           of China National Machinery Industry Corporation Limited (中 國 機 械 工
                           業集團有限公司). Mr. Ding is the vice president of China Association of
                           Automobile Manufacturers, vice president of Society of Automotive
                           Engineers of China, and the former deputy general manager of China
                           National Machinery Industry Corporation Limited (中 國 機 械 工 業 集 團 有
                           限公司). Mr. Ding graduated from Huazhong University of Science and
                           Technology (undergraduate) in 1986, and obtained a master’s degree
                           and a doctoral degree in western economics from Huazhong Institute of
                           Technology in 1989 and Huazhong University of Science and Technology
                           in 2011, respectively.


86
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Annual Report 2022




                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name          Main work experiences

Guan Dayuan   Mr. Guan is currently a non-executive director of the Company, a
              member of the Strategy Committee of the Board. Mr. Guan is currently
              the general manager of Wanxiang 123 Holdings Co., Ltd., chairman of
              the board of supervisors of Shunfa Hengye Co., Ltd. (順發恒業股份公司),
              and chairman of Wanxiang Resources Co., Ltd. (萬 向 資 源 有 限 公 司). He
              once served as the chairman of Wanxiang Qianchao Co., Ltd. (萬向錢潮
              股份公司), an assistant to general manager and director of the general
              manager’s office of Wanxiang Group Corporation Ltd. (萬 向 集 團 公 司),
              general manager of Shenzhen Wanxiang Investment Co., Ltd. (深圳萬向
              投資有限公司), and senior executive vice president of Wanxiang Group
              Corporation Ltd. (萬向集團公司).


Liu Zhijun    Mr. Liu is currently a non-executive director of the Company. Mr. Liu
              currently serves as deputy party secretary of Guangzhou Industrial
              Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣州產業投資基金管理有限公司).
              He once served as head of the social, science and technology division,
              head of the industry division and head of the investment division of the
              Guangzhou Statistics Bureau, deputy director of Guangzhou Productivity
              Promotion Center, general manager of Guangzhou Keda Industrial
              Development Co., Ltd. (廣州市科達實業發展公司), chairman of Guangzhou
              Science and Technology Venture Capital Co., Ltd. (廣 州 科 技 風 險 投 資 有
              限 公 司), deputy general manager of Guangzhou Industrial Investment
              Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣州產業投資基金管理有限公司), chairman of
              Guangzhou Financial Innovation Investment Holding Co., Ltd. (廣州科技
              金融創新投資控股有限公司), general manager and legal representative of
              Guangzhou Industrial Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣 州 產
              業投資基金管理有限公司). Mr. Liu is a doctoral student at the Guangzhou
              Institute of Geochemistry, Chinese Academy of Sciences.


Chen Tian     Ms. Chen is currently a supervisor of the Company. She was a designated
              supervisor of Guangzhou Communication Investment Group Co., Ltd., a
              senior staff of the supervision office, office and legal department of the
              Guangzhou Municipal Commission of Commerce (Guangzhou Foreign
              Trade and Economic Cooperation Bureau). She graduated from Sun Yat-
              sen University majoring in law (undergraduate) in 2002 and a master’s
              degree in economic law from Sun Yat-sen University in 2008.




                                                                                                  87
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name           Main work experiences

          Cao Xiandong   Mr. Cao is currently a supervisor of the Company. Mr. Cao is currently
                         the party secretary, general manager and legal representative of Wanli
                         Tire Co., Ltd. (萬力輪胎股份有限公司), and also deputy head of the auto
                         parts division of Guangzhou Industrial Investment Holding Group Co.,
                         Ltd, (廣 州 工 業 投 資 控 集 團 有 限 公 司). He once served as deputy general
                         manager of the strategic planning department and deputy director of
                         the general office of Guangzhou Industrial Investment Holding Group
                         Co., Ltd, (廣州工業投資控集團有限公司), and deputy party secretary, director
                         and general manager of Wanli Tire Co., Ltd. (萬力輪胎股份有限公司).


          Huang Cheng    Mr. Huang is currently a supervisor of the Company. He currently serves as
                         general manager of the investment management department of Guangzhou
                         Finance Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (廣州金融控股集團有限公司), chairman and
                         legal representative of Guangzhou Jinkong Fund Management Co., Ltd.
                         (廣州金控基金管理有限公司), and a director of Guangdong Equity Exchange
                         Co., Ltd. (廣東股權交易中心股份有限公司). He graduated from the School of
                         Business Administration, South China University of Technology majoring in
                         management science and engineering as a postgraduate with a doctorate
                         degree in management.


          Shi Lei        Mr. Shi is currently the secretary of the party branch and Chairman
                         of the labor union of GAC Finance Company. He previously served as
                         a staff representative supervisor of the Company (until 27 February
                         2023), deputy secretary of the disciplinary committee, and general
                         officer of the disciplinary committee and the office of the ombudsman
                         of GAC Group, the deputy secretary of the party committee, secretary
                         of the disciplinary committee and chairman of the labor union of
                         GAMC (Hangzhou) and the assistant to the general manager, director
                         of the party committee office and director of the office of GAMC. Mr.
                         Shi graduated from the Department of Business Administration of
                         Huazhong University of Science and Technology with a bachelor’s
                         degree in engineering, majoring in industrial engineering and
                         management in July 1996, and obtained a master’s degree in business
                         administration from Sun Yat-sen University in July 2002.




88
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Annual Report 2022




                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name           Main work experiences

Wang Lu        Mr. Wang is currently a staff representative supervisor, deputy
               chairwoman of the labour union, auditing officer and chairwoman of
               the headquarters of the labour union of the Company. With a bachelor’s
               degree, she joined the Group in 1992 and had been a member of the
               public relations division of the general manager’s office of Guangzhou
               Peugot Automobile Company (廣 州 標 緻 汽 車 有 限 公 司) and Guangzhou
               Sedan Co., Ltd. (廣州轎車有限公司) and an officer of the labour union, a
               member and the chairwoman of the branch of the labour union, a party
               branch member and secretary and the head of the female workers
               union of GAC Honda, the deputy head of the office of the labour union
               of the Company, chairwoman of the labour union of the headquarter, a
               general party branch member and secretary of the headquarters.


Huang Zhuo     Mr. Huang is currently a staff representative supervisor, deputy head
               of compliance department and head of each of the audit department
               and the risk control department of the Company. He concurrently acts
               as chairman of the supervisory committee of GAC Finance Company, a
               supervisor of GAC Capital, GAC Honda Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽本
               田汽車銷售有限公司), GAC BYD, GAC Business, Da Sheng Technology and
               GAC International. Mr. Huang previously served as chief financial officer
               of GAEI and audit manager of KPMG Huazhen LLP Guangzhou branch.
               In 2007, he graduated from the University of Wollongong majoring in
               accounting and obtained a postgraduate degree and a master’s degree
               in accounting.


Yan Zhuangli   Mr. Yan is currently the deputy general manager of the Company, and
               a director of GAMC. He previously served as a director and the deputy
               party secretary of the Company, a director of GAIG, the chairman of GAC
               FCA, Guangzhou Motor (now known as Guangzhou Zhicheng Industry
               Co., Ltd.) and GAC Business, the party secretary of GAC Toyota, a director
               of GAC Honda, the chairman of GAC Component and a director of GAC
               Hino. He has successively studied in the department of social sciences
               of Central South Industrial University and the master of business
               administration in the School of Management of Sun Yat-sen University,
               and obtained a university diploma, a bachelor’s degree in law and a
               master’s degree in business administration, respectively. He is a senior
               economist.




                                                                                                   89
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name       Main work experiences

          Wang Dan   Ms. Wang is currently the deputy general manager, chief financial officer,
                     and a member of the Executive Committee of the Company. She is also
                     the chairwoman of GAC Finance Company and a director of GAMC. Ms.
                     Wang joined GAC Group in March 1999, and has been the Company’s chief
                     financial officer and financial controller since 2005. Prior to this, Ms. Wang
                     served in the financial audit department of Guangzhou Junda Automobile
                     Enterprise Group (廣州駿達汽車企業集團) and was the deputy head of the
                     financial audit division of Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Limited,
                     the chairwoman of the supervisory committees of GAMC and GAC Energy,
                     the chairwoman of Guangzhou Guangyue Assets Administration Co., Ltd.
                     (廣 州 廣 悅 資 產 管 理 有 限 公 司), Guangzhou Zhicheng Industry Co., Ltd. and
                     GAC-SOFINCO, and the deputy general manager of GAC Group. Ms. Wang
                     graduated from the Sun Yat-Sen University with a bachelor’s degree in July
                     1992 and the School of Management of Zhongshan University with a senior
                     executive master’s degree in business administration in June 2005. She is a
                     senior accountant and non-practicing registered accountant.


          Gao Rui    With a MBA degree, Mr. Gao is currently the deputy general manager,
                     a member of the Executive Committee and the head of the public
                     relations and publicity department of the Company. He also acts as
                     the chairman of GAC Honda, Guangzhou Chenqi Mobility Technology
                     Co., Ltd. (廣州宸祺出行科技有限公司) and Guangzhou Chenqi Automobile
                     Service Co., Ltd. (廣州宸祺汽車服務有限公司). He served as the head of the
                     assets management department of the Company, the chairman and
                     general manager of China Lounge Investments and Guangzhou Auto
                     Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a director and general manager of Denway
                     Motors Limited.




90
                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                           Annual Report 2022




                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name           Main work experiences

Jiang Xiuyun   Mr. Jiang is currently the deputy general manager, general legal
               counsel, head of the compliance department of the Company, and a
               director of GAC Toyota, a subsidiary of the Company. She once served
               as the chief accountant, a staff representative supervisor, deputy
               head of compliance department, head of risk control department and
               head (senior assistant level) of the audit department of the Company,
               chairman of the supervisory committees of Guangzhou Zhicheng
               Industry Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Guangyue Assets Administration Co.,
               Ltd. (廣州廣悅資產管理有限公司), director of the financial tax audit office
               of the Audit Bureau of Guangzhou Municipality (廣州市審計局財政稅務審
               計 處). In 1988, she graduated with specialisation in auditing from the
               school of accounting of Guangdong University of Business Studies (廣東
               商學院) and obtained a diploma. In 2002, she graduated with a major in
               economics from Xiamen University and obtained a bachelor’s degree.
               She is a delegate of the 17th People’s Congress in Yuexiu District,
               Guangzhou..


Yu Jun         Mr. Yu is currently the deputy general manager, a member of the
               Executive Committee, and the head of the international business
               department of the Company. He is also the chairman of China Lounge
               Investments, Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited, GAC MOTOR
               INTERNATIONAL LIMITED, GAC International and GAC-SOFINCO. Mr. Yu
               previously served as a director and general manager of GAMC, a director
               and executive deputy general manager of GAC Honda, a director of
               GAC FCA, a director and chairman of GAC AION. He graduated from the
               Department of Economics and Management of Wuhan University with a
               bachelor’s degree in economics, and Guanghua School of Management
               of Peking University with a EMBA degree.




                                                                                                 91
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name           Main work experiences

          Zheng Heng     Mr. Zheng is currently the deputy general manager, a member of the
                         Executive Committee of the Company, and a director of GAMC. He
                         previously served as the deputy general manager of GAC Toyota, a
                         director of GAC Business, a director of GAC-SOFINCO, a director of GAC
                         AION, a director and executive deputy general manager of GAC Honda,
                         and a director and executive deputy general manager of GAC Honda
                         Automobile Sales Co., Ltd.. Mr. Zheng graduated from China University
                         of Petroleum as a bachelor in economics, majoring in economics with a
                         university degree.


          Xia Xianqing   Mr. Xia is currently the deputy general manager, a member of the
                         Executive Committee, and the head of the strategic development
                         department of the Company. He is also the chairman of GAC Honda,
                         the vice chairman of GAC Toyota Engine, a director of GAMC and GAC
                         AION. Mr. Xia previously served as the chairman and general manager
                         of GAC Business, the deputy general manager and head of the sales
                         department of GAC Honda, and a director of Wuyang-Honda. He
                         graduated from the Mechanical Engineering Department of Tongji
                         University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering.




92
                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                     Annual Report 2022




                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name     Main work experiences

Sui Li   Ms. Sui is currently a member of the Executive Committee, the Secretary
         of the Board (H-share company secretary) and the head of the financing
         business department of the Company, and chairwoman of GAC Capital,
         a subsidiary of the Company. Prior to this, she had served as the head
         of the securities department, head of the investment department and
         head (senior assistant level) of the office of the Board of the Company
         and a director of GAC Changfeng. She had served as regional managing
         director of Guangzhou district in the investment banking department of
         GF Securities Co., Ltd. (廣發證券股份有限公司) and the Office Secretariat of
         Guangzhou City People’s Government (廣州市人民政府辦公廳秘書處). She
         graduated from Jinan University in March 2001 with a master’s degree
         in business administration and graduated from the Macau University of
         Science and Technology in June 2011 as a postgraduate with a doctorate
         degree in business administration. She is a senior economist and a
         Guangzhou high-level financial talent (senior management talent).
         She is currently the vice chief supervisor of the China Association of
         Public Companies, the director and chairman of the fourth council of
         the Listed Companies Branch of the China Association of Automobile
         Manufacturers, a fellow member of The Hong Kong Chartered
         Governance Institute. She is also a member of the Technology
         Consulting Group in Mainland China and the deputy director of the
         Mainland Board Secretary Professional Committee thereunder; an off-
         campus part-time master tutor at Guangdong University of Technology.




                                                                                           93
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (IV) Terms of Office of Incumbent and Resigned Directors, Supervisors
            and Senior Management during the Reporting Period
           1.   Term of Office in Shareholders’ Units


                                                                              Position held in          Commencement Expiry date
                Name of staff           Name of shareholders’ unit            shareholders’ unit        date of term       of term

                Zeng Qinghong           GAIG                                  Chairman                  October 2016
                Feng Xingya             GAIG                                  Director                  August 2017
                Chen Xiaomu             GAIG                                  Director                  March 2020
                Chen Maoshan            GAIG                                  Director and Chairman March 2015
                                                                                of the Labour Union
                Chen Maoshan            GAIG                                  General Manager           June 2019
                Ding Hongxiang          China Industry National               Deputy General            August 2011        July 2022
                                          Corporation Machinery Limited         Manager
                Ding Hongxiang          China Industry National               Director and Deputy       July 2022
                                          Corporation Machinery Limited         Party Secretary
                Liu Zhijun              Guangzhou Industrial Investment       General Manager and       December 2018      July 2022
                                          Fund Management Co., Ltd.             legal representative
                Liu Zhijun              Guangzhou Industrial Investment       General Manager           December 2018
                                          Fund Management Co., Ltd.             and Deputy Party
                                                                                Secretary
                Cao Xiandong            Guangzhou Industrial Investment       Vice Minister of          December 2020
                                          Holdings Group                        Autopart Division
                Huang Cheng             Guangzhou Jinkong Fund                Chairman                  June 2021
                                          Management Co., Ltd.
                Term of office in       If expiry date of term is not stated, the appointment of the staff will continue and there is
                  shareholders’ units     no fixed expiry date of term.




94
                                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



2.   Term of Office in Other Units


                                                                                    Position held                Commencement Expiry date
     Name of staff       Name of other unit                                         in such unit                 date of term         of term

     Zeng Qinghong       Energy-saving and New energy Automotive                    Member                       November 2016
                            Technology Roadmap Steering Committee
     Zeng Qinghong       Guangzhou Headquarters Economy Association                 President                    November 2016
     Zeng Qinghong       China Association of Automobile Manufacturers              Vice President               March 2015
     Zeng Qinghong       Society of Automotive Engineers of Guangdong               Honorary President           February 2015
                            Province
     Zeng Qinghong       China Tendering and Bidding Association                    Standing Director            February 2015
     Feng Xingya         Guangdong Automobile Industry Association                  President                    September 2020
     Xiao Shengfang      Guangdong Lawyers Association                              President                    December 2016
     Xiao Shengfang      Guangzhou Lingnan International Enterprise Group           Independent Director         March 2015
                            Co., Ltd.
     Xiao Shengfang      Guangzhou Municipal Construction Group Co., Ltd.           Independent Director         January 2020
     Xiao Shengfang      Guangdong Fenghua High-tech Co., Ltd.                      Independent Director         November 2021
     Xiao Shengfang      Kingfa Technology Co., Ltd                                 Independent Director         January 2021
     Wong Hakkun         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.                                 Independent Director         June 2020
     Wong Hakkun         Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited                     Independent Director         June 2018
     Wong Hakkun         Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited                        Independent Director         June 2018
     Wong Hakkun         Hangzhou SF Intra-city Industrial Co., Ltd.                Independent Director         November 2021
     Song Tiebo          Guangzhou Zhujiang Brewery Group Co., Ltd.                 Independent Director         October 2016         January 2023
     Song Tiebo          Guangdong Sky Dragon Technology Group Co., Ltd.            Independent Director         July 2019
     Song Tiebo          Guangdong Xinbao Electrical Appliances Co., Ltd.           Independent Director         August 2020
     Guan Dayuan         Wanxiang Qianchao Co., Ltd.                                Chairman of the Board        November 2017        March 2022
     Guan Dayuan         Shunfa Hengye Corporation                                  Chairman of the              May 2021
                                                                                       Supervisory Committee
     Guan Dayuan         Wanxiang 123 Holdings Co., Ltd.                            General Manager              March 2022
     Guan Dayuan         Wanxiang Resources Co., Ltd.                               Chairman of the Board        April 2019
     Liu Zhijun          Guangzhou Financial Innovation Investment Holding          Chairman of the Board        April 2016
                            Co., Ltd.
     Liu Zhijun          Guangzhou Private Equity Council                           Co-chairman                  May 2019
     Cao Xiandong        Wanli Tire Co., Ltd.                                       Director, Party Secretary    April 2021
                                                                                       and General Manager
     Huang Cheng         Guangdong Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd.                 Director                     June 2021
     Term of office in   If expiry date of term is not stated, the appointment of the staff will continue and there is no fixed expiry date of term.
        other units




                                                                                                                                                       95
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (V) Remuneration for Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
           Decision-making           The Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board
            procedures for fixing    conducted appraisal of the remuneration of the senior
            the remuneration         management of the Company and formulated the incentive
            of the directors,        program, which shall be implemented after the approval of the
            supervisors and          Board. The allowance for independent directors is implemented
            senior management        after the approval of the Board and the general meeting. The
                                     remuneration of other directors and supervisors is determined in
                                     accordance with the related remuneration policy of the Company.


           Basis for determination   The remuneration of independent directors of the Company is
            of the remuneration      implemented in accordance with the plan approved at the general
            of the directors,        meeting; the remuneration of other directors and supervisors are
            supervisors and          determined by both the formulated remuneration policy of the
            senior management        Company and the yearly assessment results. The remuneration of
                                     senior management of the Company is determined in accordance
                                     with the relevant assessment program combined with the annual
                                     results of the Company and their individual performance.


           Actual payment of         The remuneration of independent directors is paid in accordance
            the remuneration         with the plan approved at the general meeting; no other
            of the directors,        directors or supervisors have received remuneration from the
            supervisors and          Company merely in their capacity as directors or supervisors;
            senior management        the remuneration of senior management is paid upon review
                                     and consideration by the Board and in accordance with relevant
                                     regulatory policies.


           Total remuneration        RMB38.5920 million
            paid to all directors,
            supervisors and
            senior management
            as at the end of the
            reporting period




96
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2022




                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(VI) Changes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the
     Company
    Name              Position                       Way of Change           Reason for change

    Wang Dan          Chief accountant               Appointment             Re-designation
    Jiang Xiuyun      Deputy General Manager         Appointment             Re-designation
    Wu Song           Standing Deputy General        Resignation             Age
                        Manager
    Li Shao           Deputy General Manager         Resignation             Age
    Chen Hanjun       Deputy General Manager         Resignation             Age
    Wang Yuan         Supervisor                     Assumption of office    Election
    Shi Lei           Supervisor                     Resignation             Change of position


    Note:     On 27 February 2023, Ms. Wang Yuan was elected as the staff representative
              supervisor of the sixth session of the supervisory committee at the Company’s staff
              representative meeting, with the term of office until the expiration of the term of
              the sixth session of the supervisory committee; whereas Mr. Shi Lei ceased to be a
              staff representative supervisor due to his re-designation.



(VII) Interests of Directors or Supervisors in Contracts
    None of the directors or supervisors has entered into any service contract with the Company
    or any of its subsidiaries, which is not determinable by the Group within one year without
    payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


    No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business
    to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director or
    a supervisor and a connected entity of a director or a supervisor had a material interest,
    whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.



(VIII) Punishments Imposed by Securities Regulatory Authorities in the
       mƊȺɈ˚ȲƵƵæƵƊȲȺ
     Applicable    3N/A




                                                                                                             97
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     IV. BOARD MEETINGS HELD DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
        Session of the meeting     Date            Resolutions of the meeting

        The 10th meeting of the    17 March 2022   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        6th session of the Board                    the resolution announcement published on the
                                                    SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.

        The 11th meeting of the    22 March 2022   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        6th session of the Board                    the resolution announcement published on the
                                                    SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.

        The 12th meeting of the    30 March 2022   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        6th session of the Board                    the resolution announcement published on the
                                                    SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.

        The 13th meeting of the    8 April 2022    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        6th session of the Board                    the resolution announcement published on the
                                                    SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.

        The 14th meeting of the    14 April 2022   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        6th session of the Board                    the resolution announcement published on the
                                                    SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.

        The 15th meeting of the    27 April 2022   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        6th session of the Board                    the resolution announcement published on the
                                                    SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.

        The 16th meeting of the    6 May 2022      For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        6th session of the Board                    the resolution announcement published on the
                                                    SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.



98
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2022




                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Session of the meeting     Date              Resolutions of the meeting

The 17th meeting of the    20 June 2022      For details about the resolutions, please refer to
6th session of the Board                      the resolution announcement published on the
                                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                              designated media for information disclosure on the
                                              same day.

The 18th meeting of the    8 July 2022       For details about the resolutions, please refer to
6th session of the Board                      the resolution announcement published on the
                                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                              designated media for information disclosure on the
                                              same day.

The 19th meeting of the    27 July 2022      For details about the resolutions, please refer to
6th session of the Board                      the resolution announcement published on the
                                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                              designated media for information disclosure on the
                                              same day.

The 20th meeting of the    11 August 2022    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
6th session of the Board                      the resolution announcement published on the
                                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                              designated media for information disclosure on the
                                              same day.

The 21st meeting of the    25 August 2022    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
6th session of the Board                      the resolution announcement published on the
                                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                              designated media for information disclosure on the
                                              same day.

The 22nd meeting of the    30 August 2022    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
6th session of the Board                      the resolution announcement published on the
                                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                              designated media for information disclosure on the
                                              same day.

The 23rd meeting of the    23 September 2022 For details about the resolutions, please refer to
6th session of the Board                      the resolution announcement published on the
                                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                              designated media for information disclosure on the
                                              same day.




                                                                                                            99
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



      Session of the meeting     Date               Resolutions of the meeting

      The 24th meeting of the    29 September 2022 For details about the resolutions, please refer to
      6th session of the Board                      the resolution announcement published on the
                                                    SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.

      The 25th meeting of the    10 October 2022    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
      6th session of the Board                       the resolution announcement published on the
                                                     SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                     designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                     same day.

      The 26th meeting of the    27 October 2022    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
      6th session of the Board                       the resolution announcement published on the
                                                     SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                     designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                     same day.

      The 27h meeting of the     31 October2022     For details about the resolutions, please refer to
      6th session of the Board                       the resolution announcement published on the
                                                     SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                     designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                     same day.

      The 28th meeting of the    7 November2022     For details about the resolutions, please refer to
      6th session of the Board                       the resolution announcement published on the
                                                     SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                     designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                     same day.

      The 29th meeting of the    21 November2022    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
      6th session of the Board                       the resolution announcement published on the
                                                     SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                     designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                     same day.

      The 30th meeting of the    12 December 2022   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
      6th session of the Board                       the resolution announcement published on the
                                                     SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                     designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                     same day.




100
                                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022




                                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



V. DIRECTORS’ PERFORMANCE OF THEIR DUTIES

   (I)   Directors’ Attendance in Board Meetings and General Meetings
                                                                                                                                                 General
                                                                                       Board meeting(s)                                        meeting(s)
                                                 Mandatory                                                                    Absent in
                                             attendance in                                                                    person for two   Attendance
         Name of          Independent       Board meetings    Attendance in     Attendance by   Attendance by                 consecutive       in general
         directors        director or not   during the year         person telecommunication            proxy       Absence   times or not       meetings

         Zeng Qinghong    No                             21               21               19              0              0   No                        5
         Feng Xingya      No                             21               21               19              0              0   No                        5
         Zhao Fuquan      Yes                            21               21               21              0              0   No                        1
         Xiao Shengfang   Yes                            21              20                19              1              1   No                        4
         Wong Hakkun      Yes                            21               21               21              0              0   No                        5
         Song Tiebo       Yes                            21               21               19              0              0   No                        1
         Chen Xiaomu      No                             21               21               19              0              0   No                        5
         Chen Maoshan     No                             21               21               19              0              0   No                        5
         Ding Hongxiang   No                             21               21               21              0              0   No                        0
         Guan Dayuan      No                             21               21               21              0              0   No                        3
         Liu Zhijun       No                             21               21               19              0              0   No                        0


         Explanation on absence in person in Board meetings for two consecutive times
          Applicable 3N/A

         Number of Board meetings held during the year                                                                                                  21
         Of which: Number of physical meetings                                                                                                           2
         Number of meetings held via telecommunication                                                                                                  19
         Number of meetings held by way of combination of both                                                                                           2


   (II) Directors’ Objections to Relevant Matters of the Company
            Applicable          3N/A



VI. SPECIAL COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

   (I)   Members of Special Committees of the Board
         Types of committee                                   Name

         Audit Committee                                      Wong Hakkun, Xiao Shengfang and Song Tiebo
         Nomination Committee                                 Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang
         Remuneration and                                     Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang
           Assessment Committee
         Strategy Committee                                   Zeng Qinghong, Feng Xingya, Zhao Fuquan, Song Tiebo,
                                                               Guan Dayuan and Ding Hongxiang

                                                                                                                                                             101
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



      (II) Audit Committee’s Seven Meetings during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                          Other
                                                                                                          performance
          Date            Contents                                      Important opinions & advices      of duty

          28 January      To review the 2021 Working Reports            All members agreed to submit      Nil
            2022            on Risk Control and Compliance                the matter to the meeting for
                            Management, as well as the 2022 Work          deliberation, and agreed to
                            Plan                                          submit the same to the Board
                                                                          for deliberation.
          28 March 2022   To review on matters such as the annual       All members agreed to submit      Nil
                            financial report, the profit distribution     the matter to the meeting for
                            plan, the annual connected transaction        deliberation, and agreed to
                            report, the internal control evaluation       submit the same to the Board
                            report and internal control audit report,     for deliberation.
                            the appointment of auditor, the report
                            on deposit and use of raised funds,
                            the annual risk management and
                            compliance management report and
                            plan, the annual audit work summary
                            and plan, and the performance of duties
                            of the Audit Committee
          26 April 2022   To review the Q1 Report                       All members agreed to submit      Nil
                                                                          the matter to the meeting for
                                                                          deliberation, and agreed to
                                                                          submit the same to the Board
                                                                          for deliberation.
          26 August       To review on matters such as the interim      All members agreed to submit      Nil
            2022            report, the interim profit distribution       the matter to the meeting for
                            plan, the report on the deposit and use       deliberation, and agreed to
                            of the raised funds, and the amendment        submit the same to the Board
                            to the implementing rules for the Audit       for deliberation.
                            Committee
          24 October      To review the Q3 Report                       All members agreed to             Nil
            2022                                                          revise the Internal Control
                                                                          Management Measures and
                                                                          agreed to submit the same to
                                                                          the Board for deliberation.




102
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                  Other
                                                                                                  performance
    Date            Contents                                   Important opinions & advices       of duty

    28 November     To review and amend the Internal Audit     All members agreed to              Nil
      2022            Management Measures                        revise the Internal Control
                                                                 Management Measures and
                                                                 agreed to submit the same to
                                                                 the Board for deliberation.
    6 December      To review and adjust the 2022 Audit Plan   All members agreed to              Nil
      2022                                                       revise the Internal Control
                                                                 Management Measures and
                                                                 agreed to submit the same to
                                                                 the Board for deliberation.




(III) Nomination Committee’s One Meeting during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                  Other
                                                                                                  performance
    Date            Content                                    Important opinions & advices       of duty

    16 June 2022    To review the appointment and dismissal    All members agreed to the          Nil
                      of senior management (professional         appointment and dismissal
                      managers)                                  of senior management
                                                                 (professional managers) and
                                                                 agreed to submit the same to
                                                                 the Board for deliberation.




‫ـ‬Xß‫ ف‬ªƵǿɐȁƵȲƊɈǞȌȁƊȁƮȺȺƵȺȺǿƵȁɈ!ȌǿǿǞɈɈƵƵٚȺ˚ȲƵƵwƵƵɈǞȁǐȺƮɐȲǞȁǐ
      the Reporting Period
                                                                                                  Other
                                                                                                  performance
    Date            Contents                                   Important opinions & advices       of duty

    15 March 2022   To review the 2021 annual professional     All members agreed to the          Nil
                      managers and senior management              assessment results and
                      remuneration assessment                     agreed to submit the same to
                                                                  the Board for deliberation.
    11 April 2022   To review and amend the Administrative     All members agreed to the          Nil
                      Measures for Salary Assessment of           amendment and agreed to
                      Professional Managers                       submit the same to the Board
                                                                  for deliberation.
                                                                                                                  103
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                           Other
                                                                                                           performance
          Date            Contents                                      Important opinions & advices       of duty

          16 November     To review on matters related to the initial   All members agreed to the          Nil
             2022           excise and unlocking of the 2020 A             initial excise and unlocking
                            Share Option and Restricted Share              of the 2020 A Share Option
                            Incentive Scheme and implement                 and Restricted Share
                            matters related to the Fourth Share            Incentive Scheme and the
                            Option Incentive Scheme                        implementation of matters
                                                                           related to the Fourth Share
                                                                           Option Incentive Scheme and
                                                                           agreed to submit the same to
                                                                           the Board for deliberation.




      (V) Strategy Committee’s Four Meetings during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                           Other
                                                                                                           performance
          Date            Contents                                      Important opinions & advices       of duty

          25 February     To review the “14th Five-Year” energy         All members agreed to the          Nil
            2022            conservation and emission reduction            “14th Five-Year” energy
                            plan                                           conservation and emission
                                                                           reduction plan and agreed to
                                                                           submit the same to the Board
                                                                           for deliberation.
          17 March 2022   To review the “14th Five-Year” social         All members agreed to the          Nil
                            responsibility (ESG) development plan          “14th Five-Year” social
                                                                           responsibility (ESG)
                                                                           development plan and agreed
                                                                           to submit the same to the
                                                                           Board for deliberation.
          29 March 2022   To review the 2021 Social Responsibility/     All members agreed to the 2021     Nil
                            ESG Report                                     Social Responsibility/ESG
                                                                           Report and agreed to submit
                                                                           the same to the Board for
                                                                           deliberation.
          19 September    To review the interim adjustments of “14th    All members agreed to the          Nil
             2022           Five-Year” plan                                interim adjustments of “14th
                                                                           Five-Year” plan and agreed to
                                                                           submit the same to the Board
                                                                           for deliberation.


104
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



   (VI) Details of Any Objections
             Applicable    3N/A



ßXX‫خ‬0å§myÀXy y ªX²j² I ÀR0 !w§yæ (0À0!À0(                                                      æ
     ÀR0²Ç§0ªßX²ªæ!wwXÀÀ00
   The Supervisory Committee has no objection to the supervision matters during the reporting
   period.



VIII.0w§mæ00 XyIªwÀXy I ÀR0 !w§yæ y( whª
      SUBSIDIARIES

   (I)   Employees
         Number of existing employees of the parent company                                                  271
         Number of existing employees of major subsidiaries                                              99,850
         Total number of existing employees                                                              100,121
         Number of employees resigned or retired the pension of which the
             parent company and major subsidiaries had to be responsible for                                339
                                              Professional composition
         Category of professional composition                                        Number of employees
         Production personnel                                                                            60,799
         Salesperson                                                                                      5,906
         Technician                                                                                      14,662
         Financial staff                                                                                   1,787
         Administrative staff                                                                              4,221
         Finance and insurance                                                                             1,793
         Others                                                                                          10,953
         Total                                                                                           100,121
                                                   Education level
         Category of education level                                                 Number of employees
         Doctorate                                                                                           123
         Master’s degree                                                                                  4,782
         Undergraduate (including double bachelor’s degree)                                              23,080
         Tertiary and below                                                                              72,136
         Total                                                                                           100,121

         Note: The number of employees of joint ventures and associated companies are included.




                                                                                                                105
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



      (II) Remuneration Policy
          Based on its development plan, the Group strengthened macro-management of
          remuneration, and attached importance to maintaining the market competitiveness of its
          remuneration level. By studying and analysing the market remuneration data, CPI growth
          rate and industry benchmark, the Group reviewed its remuneration level, so as to ensure that
          the remuneration system plays an incentive role in retaining talents. The Group advocated
          the implementation of performance-linked remuneration policy and continuously improved
          the performance appraisal mechanism, individual performance appraisal measures, and
          employee promotion system, and formulated remuneration policies that provide both
          incentives and restraints.


          The Group will persevere in deepening the reform of the the tripartite institutional
          reforms and anchor at the “triple abilities” goal to surmount the obstacles. The Group will
          also promote the contracting reform over the tenure system to empower the executive
          promotion or demotion. The Group will establish a linkage mechanism between employee’s
          remuneration and the Company’s performance and widen the income distribution gap in a
          rational manner to achieve the flexible fluctuation of revenue. The Group will also strengthen
          the overall management of labour productivity indicators and reinforce the termination of
          incompetent personnel to achieve dynamic officeholding.


          During the reporting period, timely and full contributions to various social insurances were
          made in accordance with the requirements of national and provincial laws and regulations
          on labour and social security to timely safeguard the interests of the employees. The
          Group also purchased supplementary medical and other commercial insurances for its
          staff to further protect and safeguard their interests and health beyond the requirements
          of policies and regulations. During the reporting period, based on the actual operating
          situation of Foundation for Poverty Alleviation, the Group amended its constitution and the
          administrative measures for capital utilisation, so as to improve the efficiency of the proceeds
          of Foundation for Poverty Alleviation to achieve targeted supports.


          The Group will further improve the Company’s remuneration system in terms of incentive
          and retaining talents. Timely and full contributions to pension insurance, medical insurance,
          employment injury insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance, housing fund
          and other statutory benefits schemes will be made. Investee enterprises under the Group are
          encouraged to further enhance the flexibility and protection of staff benefit system.




106
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2022




                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(III) Training Program
    During the reporting period, the training work of employees was based on the guiding
    principle of “improving effectiveness, focusing on results and promoting efficiency”. We
    continuously innovated and enriched our training methods, and carried out various training
    businesses in an orderly manner. In 2022, aggregate number of training attendance was
    1,117,900.


    In 2023, employee training programme and measures are as follow:


    1.     To enhance the implementation of the working methods of GAC and maintain the
           enthusiasm on promotion and training;


    2.     To establish a digital training platform, upgrade and iterate mobile academy to
           connect with relevant corporate training data so as to realise the digital management
           of training;


    3.     To integrate resources into innovative cultivation model to energise the corporate
           development;


    4.     To optimise the operation of projects and strengthen the university-enterprise
           cooperation to ensure the availability of human resources for the development of the
           Group;


    5.     To establish an overall framework for cultivating the talents of digital transformation to
           ensure rapid breakthroughs in key digital knowledge;


    6.     To continuously strengthen the construction of grassroots-level organisations of
           the party and qualities of the party member thereunder; to organise the Fourth
           Preeminent Lecturer Competition to consolidate the curriculum and lecturer resources
           of the Party School;


    7.     To continuously carry out the accreditation of vocational qualification level and the
           independent assessment for professional titles in automotive engineer;


    8.     To strengthen the university-enterprise cooperation to achieve an industry-education
           integration and promote the construction of industrial college and training base;


    9.     To cultivate certified lecturers and develop courses on demand, and improve the
           incentive mechanism for lecturers and the “selection, employment, cultivation and
           retention” system.




                                                                                                         107
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



      (IV) Labour Outsourcing
          Total working hours of labour outsourcing                                          25,080,000
          Total remuneration paid for labour outsourcing                              RMB1,672,870,252

          Note: including joint ventures and associated enterprises.



      (V) Production Safety
          During the reporting period, the Group persisted in following the guidance of Xi Jinping’s
          new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, adhered to General Secretary Xi Jinping’s
          important expositions and instructions in respect of emergency management, production
          safety, disaster prevention, mitigation and relief, and upheld the idea of “To address
          problems on both symptoms and root causes by giving priority to people and safety, so as
          to achieve a scientific development”. In accordance with the annual production safety target
          control indicator plan approved by the Board, the Group closely focused on the annual work
          emphases on safety production in line with the Production Safety Law and other new laws
          and regulations based on the improvement of the safety production responsibility system
          with dual construction of preventive mechanism as the core and the safety production
          management targets as the foothold, and earnestly performed the main responsibility of
          enterprises for production safety and investment. In accordance with the work procedures
          of supervision, guidance and service, the Group will continue to promote the strict
          implementation of the main responsibility of safety production by all investee enterprises,
          and promote the synchronization of enterprise safety production management and business
          development. During the reporting period, the Group and each investee enterprise had
          experienced no major (or above) safety production accidents, and its production safety
          remained generally stable and was in an orderly manner.


          In 2023, in accordance with the requirements under the Production Safety Law and other
          regulations, the Group will promote each investee enterprise to continuously improve and
          implement the safety production responsibility system in accordance with the principle
          of “three managements and three musts”, and strictly perform the main responsibility of
          safety production. The Group will continue to promote safety production responsibility
          target management, with the focus of strengthening management and control over safety
          production process in new industries and new fields. The Group will also conscientiously
          carry out the standardization of safety production of the enterprise, so as to accelerate the
          grading and declaration of the standardization of safety production. The Group will enhance
          its efforts to carry out safety informatization, and implement the construction of the Group’s
          safety informatisation management system platform. The Group will also improve and refine
          the dual prevention mechanism for the hierarchical control of enterprise safety risk, and the
          investigation and rectification of hidden hazards. The Group will strictly handle any accident
          with accountability to prevent the occurrence of major safety accidents.


108
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2022




                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



IX. PROPOSED PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN OR CONVERSION OF
    CAPITAL RESERVES

     (I)   Formulation, Implementation and Adjustments of Cash Dividend
           Policy
           During the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the requirements of the Articles
           of Association and the dividend distribution plans for shareholders (2021-2023) of Guangzhou
           Automobile Group Co., Ltd. During the reporting period, profit distribution plans for the year
           of 2021 and for the interim period of 2022 were implemented, among which the criteria and
           proportion of cash dividend were clear, and the related decision-making procedures and
           mechanisms were complete and in compliance with the regulations. Independent directors
           performed their duties diligently and expressed their independent opinions.



     (II) Reserves Available for Distribution to Shareholders
           According to the Articles of Association, the distributable reserves of the Company are based
           on the profit after taxation determined pursuant to the Generally Accepted Accounting
           Principles of the PRC and Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (whichever is lower).
           As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders
           amounted to RMB43,166,565,000 (2021: RMB35,332,425,000).



X.   APPRAISAL MECHANISM FOR SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND
     THE ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INCENTIVE
     MECHANISM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
     During the reporting period, the Company revised the Administrative Measures for Salary
     Assessment of Professional Managers, which improved the appraisal mechanism as well as
     the mid-term and long-term incentive mechanism for senior management. According to the
     progress of implementation of annual performance contract signed with senior management, the
     Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board performed annual appraisal for the senior
     management, and the resolution in respect of the appraisal results was considered and approved
     by the Board.



XI. C O N S T R U C T I O N A N D I M P L E M E N T A T I O N O F I N T E R N A L
    !yÀªm²æ²À0w(ÇªXyJÀR0ª0§ªÀXyJ§0ªX(
     The Company has formulated the Internal Control Management Measures. During the reporting
     period, the Company also formulated the Management Measures on Internal Audit Quality Control
     and revised the Internal Audit Management System as well as the Implementation Measures for
     Auditing Economic Responsibility of Leading Cadres of Investee Enterprises and other systems
     to further promote the Company’s internal audit work for standardisation, routinisation and
     normalisation.
                                                                                                              109
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



         Explanation on material deficiencies in internal control during the
         reporting period
          Applicable    3N/A



      åXX‫خ‬²0mIّ0ßmÇÀXyª0§ªÀyXyÀ0ªym!yÀªm

         (I)   Risk Management and Internal Control
               The Company has established a risk management framework under which the Board is
               in charge of its overall management, the audit department is responsible for audit and
               internal control matters, and the risk control department is responsible for routine risk
               prevention and control matters. The digital audit model revolves around “overall analysis,
               regular forewarning, discovery of doubts, and precise positioning”, through which a digital
               platform for audit management and big data analysis is established to promote the
               auditorial standardisation and formalisation. This framework assists the Group in identifying
               and preventing different risks (including environmental, social and governance risks), so as
               to manage rather than passively eliminate the risks of failure to achieve business objectives,
               thereby promoting proactively the Group’s stable operations.


               The risk control department prepares the Group’s annual risk management report with
               reference to the annual risk management reports of each investee company and taking into
               account the risk identification, assessment, analysis, and response of each department under
               the Group. Upon approval by the Company’s management, the annual risk management
               report is submitted to the Audit Committee of the Board for review prior to the deliberation
               by the Board.


               In 2022, the Group identified 8 key risks. After evaluation, the four risk levels faced by the
               Group, including core talent retention risk, core component technology R&D and supply
               risk, automobile industry shareholding liberalisation risk and employment integrity risk, are
               lower than those in 2021. However, another four risk levels involving electrification, strategic
               promotion of ICV, Trumpchi brand development, on-going operation of individual enterprise
               and digital strategic transformation are still relatively high. The Group will continue to pay
               attention to and follow up dynamic development, actively implement various risk response
               measures with digital risk control methods, and keep the overall risk within a controllable
               range.




110
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2022




                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control system, and has
    conducted a review at least once a year on the effectiveness of the internal control system of
    the Company and its subsidiaries during the reporting period. The review covered the scope
    and quality of the systems, and also covered all significant control aspects, including financial
    control, operational control and compliance control. During the reporting period, the Board
    did not find any material drawbacks and major defects in the internal control, and considered
    that such systems (including procedures relating to financial reporting and compliance with
    the requirements of the Listing Rules) were effective and adequate.


    The Board also believes that the resources, staff qualifications and experience of the
    Company in terms of accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions and ESG-
    related performance and reporting, as well as the training courses and related budgets
    received by the staff are adequate.



(II) Whistle-blowing policy and system
    The Group has formulated the Working Measures for Disciplinary Supervision, Petition and
    Reporting, which clarifies the responsibilities of the disciplinary supervision department for
    accepting reports, stipulates the procedures for accepting, handling and closing the petition
    complaints together with its completion time, and promotes the standardisation, legalisation
    and datafication of petition reports.


    The Group attaches great importance to protecting the rights and interests of whistle-
    blowers, and stipulates in the Guidelines for Whistle-blowers and Accusations that the
    personal information of whistle-blowers and the contents of reports shall be kept strictly
    confidential. The relevant system also allows anonymous reporting. In 2022, the Group has
    further upgraded the electronic platform for disciplinary inspection and supervision, and
    optimised the sub-module of “online reporting”. After the whistle-blower feeds back the
    relevant situation through the system, only the personnel in the reporting acceptance
    position can access the relevant content. After the report is accepted, it will be reviewed
    by the person in charge of disciplinary supervision, and then transferred to the relevant
    designated handling personnel, all of whom are independent of the Group, thereby
    effectively protecting the safety and privacy of the whistle-blower.




                                                                                                             111
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



         (III) Anti-corruption policy
               The Group is committed to establishing a sound incorruptible employment system for
               combating corruption and upholding integrity, smoothing the internal and external reporting
               channels, and promoting the construction of a more transparent, efficient, objective and
               unprejudiced business environment.


               The Group has formulated certain rules and regulations such as the Code of Conduct for
               Practice Integrity of the Headquarter Employees and the Measures for Disciplinary Inspection
               and Supervision, strictly implemented the Company’s anti-corruption management system,
               and creates an honest culture atmosphere within the Group under which no one dares to or
               can be corrupted or thinks of committing corruption.



      XIII. AUDIT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
         The Company engaged ShineWing Certified Public Accountants (Special General Partnership) for
         independent audit of effectiveness of its internal control in 2022, which issued an opinion that “the
         internal control over financial report of the Company was in compliance with the Basic Principles
         for Internal Control of Enterprises and relevant requirements and was effective in all significant
         aspects as at 31 December 2022” (for full text of the audit report, please refer to the announcement
         disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange in form of overseas regulatory announcement on
         29 March 2023).




112
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



XIV.(XßX(0y(§mX!æ
   Since 2012, the Company has formulated dividend distribution plans for shareholders, which
   have been strictly implemented until now. To further improve the scientific, continuous and
   stable dividend distribution decisions and supervisory mechanism of the Company for higher
   transparency and practicability of profit distribution decisions, and to give guidance to investors to
   establish a concept of long-term and rational investment, pursuant to the “Regulatory Guidelines
   for Listed Companies No. 3 – Cash Dividends Distribution of Listed Companies” issued by the
   CSRC and the requirements of the Company’s dividend distribution policy set out in the Articles
   of Association, the Board has formulated the “Dividend Distribution Plan for Shareholders of
   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (2021-2023)” (the “Distribution Plan”), specific details of
   which are as follows:



   1.    Factors Considered by the Company in Formulating the
         Distribution Plan
         The Company focuses on long term and sustainable development. After considering factors
         such as the profitability, operation planning, returns for shareholders, capital requirement for
         investment in future projects, social capital costs and financing environment, a continuous,
         stable and scientific distribution plan and mechanism for the investors are to be established,
         so that a systematic arrangement can be made for profit distribution in order to ensure
         continuity and stability of the profit distribution policy.



   ׂ‫خ‬   ˚Ƶ§ȲǞȁƧǞȯǶƵȌǏɈǘƵ(ǞȺɈȲǞƦɐɈǞȌȁ§ǶƊȁIȌȲǿɐǶƊɈǞȌȁ
         The formulation of the Distribution Plan shall conform with the relevant national laws
         and regulations and the relevant provisions relating to profit distribution in the Articles of
         Association. The Company shall focus on stable and reasonable returns to the investors
         while at the same time fully consider the actual operation and sustainable development of
         the Company. On the basis of giving full consideration to the interests of shareholders and
         managing the relationship between short-term interests and long-term development of
         the Company, the Company shall determine a reasonable profit distribution proposal, and
         pursuant to which, formulate a plan to implement the profit distribution policy in a certain
         period to ensure continuity and stability of the profit distribution policy.




                                                                                                                    113
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



        ‫خ׃‬   ˚Ƶ IȲƵȱɐƵȁƧɯ ȌǏ ɈǘƵ (ǞȺɈȲǞƦɐɈǞȌȁ §ǶƊȁ IȌȲǿɐǶƊɈǞȌȁ ƊȁƮ ªƵǶƵɨƊȁɈ
              Decision Making Mechanism
              The Board shall formulate the Distribution Plan in accordance with the profit distribution
              policy stipulated in the Articles of Association. In the event that the Company needs to
              adjust the profit distribution policy due to the significant changes in the external operating
              environment and its internal operating conditions, the protection of the interest of
              shareholders (especially the public shareholders) shall be of the first priority and detailed
              argumentation and reasons shall be given. Further, detailed explanation regarding the
              adjustments of the dividend distribution policy shall be given in the regular report of the
              Company with stringent implementation of the decision making procedures. The Board shall
              ensure that the Distribution Plan will be reviewed every three years in order to ensure the
              content of the Distribution Plan conforms with the profit distribution policy as stipulated in
              the Articles of Association.



        ׄ‫خ‬   ˚Ƶ (ǞȺɈȲǞƦɐɈǞȌȁ §ǶƊȁ ɈȌ ²ǘƊȲƵǘȌǶƮƵȲȺ ȌǏ ɈǘƵ !ȌǿȯƊȁɯ IȲȌǿ ׂ‫ׁׂ׀‬
              to 2023
              (a)   The Company may distribute profits by cash, shares, and combination of cash and
                    shares.


              (b)   The Company shall give priority to profit distribution by way of cash, i.e. profit
                    distribution shall be made in the form of cash dividends if the cash dividend conditions
                    subsist.


              (c)   According to the laws and regulations in the Company Law and the provisions in the
                    Articles of Association, provided that the profit and cash of the Company are able to
                    fulfill the needs for continuous operation and long term development of the Company,
                    the profit distributed in cash in each of the years between 2021 to 2023 shall be no less
                    than 10% of the distributable profit realised in such year, whereas the cumulative profit
                    distributed in cash for the three consecutive years shall be no less than 30% of the
                    average distributable profits realised in such three years.


              (d)   In principle, cash dividend shall be distributed by the Company annually from 2021
                    to 2023. The Board may propose to distribute interim cash dividend based on the
                    profitability and the capital requirements of the Company.


              (e)   From 2021 to 2023, depending on the cumulative distributable profits, reserves and
                    the condition of cash flow, the Company may distribute profits by way of shares to
                    match share capital expansion with business growth provided that the minimum
                    cash dividend payout ratio and a reasonable scale of share capital of the Company are
                    maintained.


114
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2022



 Chapter 5

 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
The Board is pleased to submit the report of the directors together with the audited consolidated
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.



DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
The details of the directors and supervisors of the Company for the year are set out in the paragraph
titled “III. Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, and Senior Management – (I) Particulars About Changes
in the Shareholding and Remuneration of Incumbent and Resigned Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management during the Reporting Period” under Chapter 4 – “Corporate Governance” of this report.
Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
Information of the principal activities of the Company for the year is set out in Chapter 2 – “Corporate
Profile and Summary of Business” of this report. Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance cover for its directors and relevant
management personnel during the reporting period. The permitted indemnity provisions were in
force for the benefit of the directors and relevant management personnel of the Company during the
reporting period.



MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company was entered into during the year.



BUSINESS REVIEW

1.    Business Performance, Principal Risks and Uncertainties and Future
      Development
      The discussion on the business performance, principal risks and uncertainties and future
      development of the Group, as well as the analysis of financial key performance indicators of
      the Group are set out in Chapter 3 – “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report. Such
      sections form part of this report of the directors.




                                                                                                                     115
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



      2.   Significant Events Subsequent to the Reporting Period
           Significant events of the Group subsequent to the reporting period are set out in note 42 to the
           consolidated financial statements. Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



      3.   Environmental Policies and Performance
           The Group always adheres to the development concept of green development, energy
           conservation and emission reduction and considers environmental protection as an important
           task for enterprises. The Group strictly complies with various environmental laws and regulations,
           adheres to the scientific development concept as guidance, strengthens the responsibility
           system for environmental protection targets, and increases efforts in energy conservation and
           emission reduction, actively promotes energy conservation and emission reduction from technical
           innovation, production organisation and daily management. The environmental protection facilities
           are in normal, stable and continuous operation with satisfactory treatment results. No major
           environmental pollution incidents occurred.


           The Group strictly abides by various environmental protection laws and regulations stipulated
           by the Government and strictly controls all kinds of pollutants generated. The Group strictly
           implements the environmental impact assessment system and the “Three Simultaneous” system
           during the project construction (the environmental protection facilities must be designed,
           constructed and commenced operation with the construction project simultaneously).


           In order to conscientiously implement the national environmental protection and safety laws
           and regulations, ensure timely control after unexpected environmental incidents, prevent the
           spread and pollution of major accidents, effectively organise post-incident relief and rescue, and
           protect the personal safety of employees and the safety of the Company’s properties, pursuant
           to the relevant documents such as the National Environmental Emergency Plan, and the actual
           situation of the enterprise, in line with the principle of “focus on prevention, focus on self-help,
           unified command, division of labour”, the Group has prepared corresponding emergency plans
           for unexpected environmental incidents, and notified the relevant environmental protection
           departments. The Group organises regular publicity and training within the enterprise and
           annual emergency drills and reviews which would improve the ability of enterprises to respond
           to unexpected environmental pollution accidents and prevent and control the occurrence of
           environmental pollution accidents effectively.


           In order to consciously fulfill the obligations to environmental protection, the Group actively
           accepts social supervision, and develops self-monitoring programs in accordance with the
           requirements of national construction regulations and standards. All the monitoring results have
           met the standard.




116
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



4.    Laws and Regulations that have a Significant Impact on the Company
      The Company strictly complies with domestic and overseas laws and regulations and industrial
      standards such as the Listing Rules, the SSE Listing Rules, the SFO, the Company Law, the
      Securities Law and the Regulations on the Supervision and Administration of Securities Companies.



5.    Key Relationships
      Information regarding the Company’s key relationships with its employees, customers and
      suppliers is set out in the paragraph titled “Employee Information of the Company and Major
      Subsidiaries” under Chapter 4 – “Corporate Governance” and in the paragraphs titled “Sales to
      major customers” and “Major suppliers” under Chapter 3 – “Management Discussion and Analysis”
      of this report.



INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
Save as disclosed in the sections titled “III. Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management – (III)
Share Options Granted to Directors and Senior Management during the Reporting Period” under Chapter
4 – “Corporate Governance” and “X. Share Option Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other
Staff Incentives of the Company and Their Impacts” under Chapter 8 – “Significant Events” of this report,
during the period and at the end of the Company’s financial year, there were no arrangements whose
objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable directors and supervisors of the Company to acquire
benefits in shares or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.



DONATIONS
Details of charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year are set out in the section
titled “III. Details on Performance of Consolidation of Antipoverty Achievements and Rural Revitalisation”
under Chapter 7 – “Environmental and Social Responsibility” of this report.



ISSUE OF SHARES
During the reporting period, as a result of conversion of A share convertible bonds, there was an increase
of an aggregate of 93,364,832 A shares with a total consideration of RMB1,299,670,000 received. At the
same time, starting from 11 December 2022, the 2020 A share option and restricted share incentive
scheme has entered the first exercise period and unlocking period. There was an increase of 23,206,034
A shares due to the cumulative exercise of options, receiving a total consideration of RMB221,617,624.70,
and there were 38,401,047 restricted A shares unlocked, becoming available in the market.




                                                                                                                       117
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



      ISSUE OF DEBENTURES, BONDS AND OTHER DEBT SECURITIES
      The Company did not issue any debentures, bonds or other debt securities during the year.



      0©ÇXÀæّmXyj0(Jª00w0yÀ²
      No equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the year. For the information of
      the equity-linked agreements entered into by the Company in prior financial years, please refer to the
      paragraph titled “Share Option Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other Staff Incentives of
      the Company and Their Impacts” under Chapter 8 – “Significant Events” of this report.



      DIVIDENDS
      During the year, an interim dividend of RMB0.06 per share (2021: RMB0.05) (tax inclusive) was
      distributed, totalling approximately RMB627,837,459.4 (2021: approximately RMB517,816,555.50). The
      Board recommends to distribute a final dividend of RMB0.18 per share (2021: RMB0.17) (tax inclusive)
      for the year ended 31 December 2022, totalling approximately RMB1,888,243,000 (2021: approximately
      RMB1,778,872,801.69).



      REASONS FOR RESIGNATION
      During the year, no director or supervisor of the Company resigned or refused to stand for re-election
      in respect of which the Company had received a notice in writing from such director or supervisor
      specifying that the resignation or refusal is due to reasons relating to the affairs of the Company (whether
      or not other reasons are specified.



      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ MATERIAL INTEREST IN
      TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS THAT ARE
      SIGNIFICANT IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS
      No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to
      which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director or a supervisor and
      a connected entity of a director or a supervisor had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
      subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.




118
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2022




                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to shareholders by reason of their holdings
in the shares.




                                                                        By order of the Board
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Zeng Qinghong
                                                                              Chairman


Guangzhou, the PRC, 29 March 2023




                                                                                                                   119
      Chapter 6

      REPORT OF THE
      SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
  During the reporting period, the supervisory committee of the Company conducted its work with
  the spirit of holding itself accountable to all shareholders and duly performed its various duties and
  obligations. All members of the Supervisory Committee participated in the discussion in respect of the
  major operation decisions of the Company, and supervised the financial conditions and lawful operation
  of the Company and performance of directors and senior management according to law, through
  attending supervisory meetings, general meetings and Board meetings etc., in accordance with the
  Company Law, the Securities Law, the Listing Rules and other laws and regulations and the requirements
  of the Articles of Association, which enhanced the internal control and standardised operation of the
  Company.


  The Supervisory Committee was of the view that during the reporting period, the standardized
  operation of the Company was strictly in compliance with relevant laws and regulations such as the
  Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules and internal control systems such as the Articles of Association,
  while the directors and senior management of the Company performed their duties diligently and in
  compliance with the PRC laws and regulations, the Articles of Association and the system, and effectively
  safeguarded the interests of the Company and its shareholders. The work of the Supervisory Committee
  during the year is reported as follows:



  I.    THE COMPOSITION AND CHANGES OF THE SUPERVISORY
        COMMITTEE
        The sixth session of the Supervisory Committee is currently composed of Chen Tian, Cao Xiandong,
        Huang Cheng, Wang Yuan (staff representative supervisor), Wang Lu (staff representative
        supervisor) and Huang Zhuo (staff representative supervisor), with a vacancy of one supervisor, of
        whom Chen Tian is the tentative convener of the Supervisory Committee. On 27 February 2023,
        the employee representatives’ meeting of the Company elected Wang Yuan as a supervisor of the
        sixth session of the Supervisory Committee, and Shi Lei, the former supervisor, ceased to remain
        in office due to the redesignation of position. The term of office of this session of the Supervisory
        Committee will expire on 8 October 2024.



  II.   BASIC EVALUATION OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE BOARD
        AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT IN 2022
        The Supervisory Committee was of the view that the Board duly performed its operation in strict
        compliance with the requirements under the laws and regulations including the Company Law, the
        Articles of Association, the Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules, etc. during the reporting period.
        During the reporting period, in the face of unprecedented challenges brought about by multiple
        factors such as continuous shortage of chip supply and the soaring price of raw materials which
        compromised the operation and development of the automobile industry and the Company, the
        Company focused on steady growth, supply preservation, structural adjustment, market expansion,
        quality improvement and efficiency enhancement. With the joint efforts of all employees, the
        Company has gained outstanding achievements that outperformed the industry average.

120
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




                           REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



   During the reporting period, the major business decision-making procedures of the Company
   were legitimate and effective. The directors and senior management of the Company duly
   performed their duties seriously as well as in accordance with the PRC laws, regulations, the
   Articles of Association and resolutions of the general meeting and of the Board. The Supervisory
   Committee had not found any acts of directors and senior management being in breach of laws
   and regulations and the Articles of Association or against the interests of the Company and the
   shareholders.



III. MEETINGS OF SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE CONVENED
   During the reporting period, the supervisory committee of the Company convened 6 supervisory
   meetings with the details as follows:


   1.    The 4th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 30 March
         2022, at which the following resolutions were considered and approved:


         (1)    Resolution in respect of the annual report and its summary of 2021;


         (2)    Resolution in respect of the supervisory committee report of 2021;


         (3)    Resolution in respect of the financial report of 2021;


         (4)    Resolution in respect of the profit distribution plan of 2021;


         (5)    Resolution in respect of the self-evaluation report on internal control of 2021;


         (6)    Resolution in respect of internal control audit report of 2021;


         (7)    Resolution in respect of the report of deposit and the actual utilisation of proceeds
                from fund-raising activities;


         (8)    Resolution in respect of the appointment of auditors of 2022;


         (9)    Resolution in respect of the appointment of internal control auditors of 2022;


         (10)   Resolution in respect of the utilisation of the remaining proceeds of certain projects
                raised from non-public issuance of A shares for permanent replenishment to working
                capital.




                                                                                                                    121
  REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



      2.   The 5th meeting of the 6th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 27 April 2022,
           at which the resolution in respect of the first quarterly report of 2022 was considered and
           approved.


      3.   The 6th meeting of the 6th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 30 August 2022, at
           which the following resolutions were considered and approved:


           (1)   Resolution in respect of the interim report of 2022;


           (2)   Resolution in respect of the profit distribution plan for the interim period of 2022;


           (3)   Resolution in respect of the report of deposit and utilisation of proceeds from
                 fundraising activities for the first half of 2022.


      4.   The 7th meeting of the 6th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 27 October 2022,
           at which the following resolutions were considered and approved:


           (1)   Resolution in respect of the third quarterly report of 2022;


           (2)   Resolution in respect of the cash management of part of the temporary idle
                 fund-raising proceeds.


      5.   The 8th meeting of the 6th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 21 November 2022,
           at which the resolution in respect of the initial exercise of A share option and restricted share
           incentive scheme and unlocking related matters was considered and approved.


      6.   The 9th meeting of the 6th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 12 December 2022,
           at which the following resolutions were considered and approved:


           (1)   Resolution in respect of the Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme (draft) and its
                 summary;


           (2)   Resolution in respect of the Appraisal Management Measures of the Fourth Share
                 Option Incentive Scheme.




122
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2022




                         REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



IV. INDEPENDENT OPINIONS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
    ON THE OPERATION OF THE COMPANY

   1.   Operation of the Company in Accordance with Law
        During the reporting period, the various work of the Board and senior management of the
        Company were in compliance with the relevant requirements of the Company Law, the
        Securities Law, the Listing Rules, the SSE Listing Rules, the Articles of Association, the Rules
        of Procedures of the Three Committees and the relevant provisions of various internal control
        systems etc., and the decision-making procedures were legitimate and effective. Directors
        and senior management of the Company performed in a diligent and responsible manner
        and the resolutions of the general meetings and the Board meetings were implemented
        faithfully. No acts were found to be in breach of laws and regulations, the Articles of
        Association and against the interests of the Company. Meanwhile, the Company has timely
        performed its disclosure obligations in strict compliance with the requirements of the Listing
        Rules and the SSE Listing Rules. During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee has
        reviewed and given opinions in relation to the share option incentive schemes.



   2.   Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Management
        Pursuant to the requirements of the Basic Standards for Enterprise Internal Control and
        its referencing guidelines, the Company consistently carried out its self-assessment on
        comprehensive risk management and internal control. During the reporting period, the
        Company continued to strengthen the implementation of internal control, enhance the
        supervision and inspection on internal control by the internal audit team, and make targeted
        internal control diagnosis and improvement in high-risk sectors and fields of business
        management. At the same time, the Company closely tracked key risk areas by conducting
        risk interviews, risk research and industry benchmarking, so as to improve the accuracy of
        risk assessment and formulate targeted risk management measures to enhance the level of
        prevention and response to different types of risks and challenges, and ensure the realisation
        of corporate objectives.


        Evaluation Report on Internal Control of the Company for 2022 comprehensively, truthfully,
        accurately and objectively reflects the construction and operation of the internal control
        system.


        The Company’s compliance management work focuses on “operation and effectiveness”, and
        constantly improves the four major systems including organisation, institution, operation
        and guarantee, so as to continuously improve the compliance management capabilities,
        and to preform well in responding to and preventing the compliance risks. No significant
        compliance risk event occurred during the year.



                                                                                                            123
  REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



      3.   Financial Conditions of the Company
           The Supervisory Committee examined the financial conditions of the Company seriously and
           carefully and reviewed the 2021 annual financial report and the first quarterly report, interim
           report and the third quarterly report of 2022 during the reporting period, and considered the
           profit distribution plan implemented by the Company during the reporting period.


           The Supervisory Committee considered that the Company has a sound financial system,
           standardised financial operations, and healthy financial status; the financial reports of the
           Company gave a full, true and objective view of the operation results and financial conditions
           of the Company, persons participating in the preparation and examination of the annual
           report were not found to have acted in breach of the rules of confidentiality; the audit report
           with unqualified opinions issued by the auditing firm was objective and fair.



      4.   Utilisation and Management of Proceeds
           The Supervisory Committee inspected the utilisation and management of proceeds of the
           Company during the reporting period and was of the opinion that: the Company’s proceeds
           were strictly in compliance with the SSE Listing Rules, the Administrative Measures for Funds
           Raised by Companies Listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Articles of Association
           and Measures for the Management of Proceeds of the Company. Proceeds were deposited in
           designated accounts and were used for designated projects, and there were no changes to
           the use of proceeds. There were no circumstances in which the interests of the shareholders
           had been damaged, and there were no violations regarding the Company’s use of proceeds.



      5.   Related-Party Transactions
           The Supervisory Committee reviewed and audited the report of related-party transactions
           of the year. The Supervisory Committee considered that the Company had strictly abided
           by the relevant provisions of the A shares and H shares listing rules and the Articles
           of Association. The Supervisory Committee also considered that the procedures of the
           transactions were legal and transaction prices were fair and reasonable and was not aware
           of any circumstances which were prejudicial to the interests of the Company and the small-
           and medium-sized and minority shareholders.




124
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2022




                        REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



V. WORKING PLAN
  In 2023, the Supervisory Committee will continue to proactively perform its supervisory
  responsibilities under the laws, the listing rules of Hong Kong and China and the Articles of
  Association. On the basis of corporate governance and focusing on financial supervision and risk
  prevention, the Supervisory Committee will strengthen the follow-up of key projects and continue
  to pay attention to the Company’s business development. The Supervisory Committee will also
  promote construction and perfection of a comprehensive internal control, risk and compliance
  management system of the Company, and implement supervisory functions of the Supervisory
  Committee. The Supervisory Committee will strictly implement the “Rules of Procedures of the
  Supervisory Committee”, organise and convene work meetings of the Supervisory Committee on
  a regular basis, and to attend the general meetings of shareholders, Board meetings and other
  important meetings of the Company according to law. These allow the Supervisory Committee
  to be timely informed of and supervise the legality of the major decisions and decision-making
  procedures of the Company in order to safeguard the legitimate interests of shareholders, staff
  members and the Company. The Supervisory Committee will faithfully and diligently perform
  its supervisory duties, strive to excel in every task, further promote the overall improvement of
  corporate governance of the Company, and facilitate the high-quality and sustainable development
  of the Company.




                                                                                                         125
      Chapter 7

      ENVIRONMENTAL AND
      SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
  I.   ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
       The Company and every enterprise strictly abided by environmental protection laws and
       regulations, and actively took measures to implement the concept of environmental protection
       and green development in order to build a green, low-carbon and environmentally-friendly
       environment.


       (1)   In the field of products, more energy-saving and new energy vehicle models were launched,
             considerably reducing fuel consumption and exhaust emissions per vehicle;


       (2)   In the field of production, the Company continued to increase investment in construction
             of environmental protection, adopted greener and more energy-efficient facilities, and
             introduced more advanced technologies to reduce energy consumption;


       (3)   In the field of energy, various enterprises used clean energy to replace the original choices,
             and developed solar power generation with tremendous efforts through proactively making
             use of resources in our factories so as to boost the “green electricity” share in the production
             link;


       (4)   In the field of supply chain, the Company put forward requirements for environmental
             protection, energy conservation and emission reduction towards suppliers along the whole
             supply chain, and implemented a green low-carbon management on suppliers;


       (5)   In the field of public and employees, the Company actively carried out various advertising
             activities for environmental protection and pollution control in order to raise environmental
             protection awareness and build a green homeland together.


       For details about the policies and measures on the environmental protection of the Group, please
       refer to the full text of the “2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report” disclosed on the
       website of the Stock Exchange on 28 April 2023.




126
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




                      ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



II.   FULFILLMENT OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
      With the goal of “developing into a public company trusted by the society”, the Group always
      advocates green culture, builds a green supply chain, develops green offices, realises sustainable
      development and actively performs social responsibility.


      For details about the fulfillment of social responsibilities by the Group, please refer to the full text
      of the “2022 Social Responsibilities Report” disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange (in form
      of overseas regulatory announcement) on 29 March 2023.



III. D E T A I L S O N P E R F O R M A N C E O F C O N S O L I D A T I O N O F
     ANTIPOVERTY ACHIEVEMENTS AND RURAL REVITALIZATION

      1.    Robust fulfillment of rural revitalisation
            According to the decision-making arrangements, the Group took the lead in pairing
            assistance to Dongshi Town, Pingyuan County, Meizhou, selecting and dispatching an
            outstanding cadre to station at the township and village support team of Dongshi Town
            in 2022. Focusing on the main tasks, the Group has established a dynamic monitoring
            system and mechanism to prevent returning to poverty, and resolutely hold the bottom
            line of avoiding returning to poverty or generating poverty on a large scale. As far as the
            implementation of the assistance planning is concerned, the Group has been committed to
            the construction of beautiful market town, where the Education Road, the town parking lot,
            and the industrial co-construction base, etc. have been completed. In terms of promoting
            consumptive assistance, a wholly-owned subsidiary “GAC Qifu” was established. In order
            to coordinate and promote the consumptive assistance, the leaders of the Group and its
            affiliated investee companies have visited Dongshi Town for 22 times successively for the
            purpose of related alignment work. For the rural revitalisation work in the city, the Group
            continued to promote the assistance to Aotou Town, Conghua District, Guangzhou, and
            comprehensively propelled the rural revitalisation.




                                                                                                                  127
  ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



      2.    In-depth Involvement in the East-West Coordination
            The Group has been thoroughly involved in the east-west cooperation in Bijie, Guizhou,
            including continuing propulsion of the intensive “GAC class” in 2022 to upgrade the training
            base of Bijie Vocational and Technical College. The Group helped 10 villages in 1 township
            in Nayong County, improved the living environment and appearance of Lizi Village as a
            demonstration site for rural revitalisation in collaboration between the east and the west. In
            the field of expanding cooperation, the Group promoted the “Automobiles Full of Fragrance
            and Love” project and built an experience center in which more than 10 products were
            developed with sales volume of RMB3.5 million. Consumptive assistance has been vigorously
            facilitated to promote “Guizhou’s agricultural specialties go out of mountainous areas”. In
            order to further promote the in-depth integration and development with Bijie, on the one
            hand, the Group has strengthened its cooperation with Bijie Transportation Group to build
            new outlets, so as to boost the expansion in local new energy market by Bijie state-owned
            enterprises. On the other hand, taking the opportunity of boosting the development of
            Bijie’s NEV market and propelling the development of the local auto finance and insurance
            industry, Urtrust Insurance set up a branch in Bijie in September 2022.



      3.    Support to the Development and Revitalisation of Eastern
            Guangdong and Northwest China
            The Group proactively advanced industrial assistance to Meizhou in eastern Guangdong
            under the “3+3+3+X” supportive model, striving for optimised “four-in-one” development.
            14 companies have been successfully introduced, including Meizhou Saint-Gobain and
            Dongfeng Yanfeng, two of the world’s top 500 companies. The 14 companies that have
            entered the industrial park have invested about RMB1.05 billion in total, creating 1,200 job
            vacancies.



      ׄ‫خ‬   §ȲȌƊƧɈǞɨƵ ȯȲȌǿȌɈǞȌȁ ȌǏ ٗ˚ȌɐȺƊȁƮȺ ȌǏ 0ȁɈƵȲȯȲǞȺƵȺ RƵǶȯ ˚ȌɐȺƊȁƮȺ
            of Towns and Villages”
            In order to actively respond to the provincial appeal for “Thousands of Enterprises Help
            Thousands of Towns and Villages”, the Group assisted in helping Taoyuan Village, Yaotian
            Town, Shaoguan. Taking the party construction as a driving force, the Group carried
            out activities such as branch co-construction, party members’ participation in visits and
            exchanges, and consumptive supports, so as to facilitate the effective connection between
            the consolidation and expansion of poverty alleviation achievements in Taoyuan Village with
            the rural revitalisation.




128
                                                                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022



 Chapter 8

 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
I.   PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS

     (I)   THE UNDERTAKINGS BY THE ULTIMATE CONTROLLERS,
           SHAREHOLDERS, RELATED PARTIES, PURCHASERS OF THE
           COMPANY, THE COMPANY AND OTHER RELEVANT PARTIES DURING
           THE REPORTING PERIOD OR SUBSISTING DURING THE REPORTING
           PERIOD
                                                                                                                                                                    Whether
                                                                                                                                            Time and Is there a fulfilled
           Background of         Type of                                                                                                    period of   fulfillment strictly in
           undertakings          undertakings Undertaker Contents of undertakings                                                           undertaking time limit time

           Other commitments to Dividends      The Group   Provided that the profit and cash of the Company is sufficient for the continuous 2021-2023     Yes       Yes
            the medium and small                             operation and long term development of the Company, the profit distributed
            shareholders of the                              in cash in each of the years between 2021 and 2023 shall be no less than
            Company                                          10% of the distributable profit realised in such year, whereas the cumulative
                                                             profit distributed in cash for the three consecutive years shall be no less than
                                                             30% of the average distributable profits realised in these three years. Articles
                                                             of Association: Profit distributed in cash shall be no less than 10% of the
                                                             distributable profit realised in such year.




                                                                                                                                                                                  129
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                                                                                                                                    Whether
                                                                                                                                            Time and Is there a fulfilled
       Background of       Type of                                                                                                          period of   fulfillment strictly in
       undertakings        undertakings Undertaker Contents of undertakings                                                                 undertaking time limit time

       Other commitments   Non-           GAIG       (1) Directly or indirectly do or participate in (or assist in doing or participating in) Long-term   Yes        Yes
                            competition                 any business or activities which compete or may compete with the principal
                                                        business of the Company in any manner (including but not limited to investment,
                                                        merger and acquisition, forming associates, joint venture, cooperation,
                                                        partnership, trust, underwriting, operating lease, acquisition of equity or joint
                                                        stock), whether solely or jointly with other parties, in the PRC or overseas; (2)
                                                        support any person other than promoters of the Company or subsidiaries of
                                                        the promoters to do or participate in any business which competes or may
                                                        compete with the principal business of the Company in any manner in the PRC
                                                        or overseas; (3) intervene in any business or activities which compete or may
                                                        compete with the principal business of the Company by other means (whether
                                                        directly or indirectly), provided that the above undertaking shall not be applicable
                                                        where GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its subsidiaries)
                                                        acquire or hold for investment purpose not more than 5% interest in other
                                                        company listed on an internationally recognised stock exchange whose principal
                                                        business competes or may compete with the principal business of the Company;
                                                        or where GAIG or its subsidiaries or investee company hold not more than 5%
                                                        interest in a third party whose principal business competes or may compete
                                                        with the principal business of the Company as a result of the debt restructuring
                                                        of third parties; (4) if GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its
                                                        subsidiaries) come across any new business opportunity which competes or may
                                                        compete with the principal business of the Company, it shall immediately inform
                                                        the Company in writing, and shall use its best endeavours to procure such
                                                        business opportunity be first offered to the Company or its subsidiaries on fair
                                                        and reasonable terms and conditions. The Company shall, within 30 days from
                                                        receiving the aforesaid notification, notify GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than
                                                        the Company and its subsidiaries) in writing whether or not the Company or its
                                                        subsidiaries intend to take up the aforesaid business opportunity. Upon receiving
                                                        notification from the Company that it intends to take up such opportunity,
                                                        GAIG or its subsidiaries shall refer such business opportunity to the Company
                                                        or its subsidiaries; (5) if the Company or its subsidiaries decide not to take up
                                                        such business opportunities for any reason, upon receiving notification from the
                                                        Company of such intention or the Company fails to respond in writing to GAIG or
                                                        its subsidiaries within the said 30-day period, GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than
                                                        the Company and its subsidiaries) may operate such new business on its own;
                                                        (6) in the future, when GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its
                                                        subsidiaries) operate such new business which competes or may compete with
                                                        the principal business of the Company pursuant to paragraph (5) above, or due
                                                        to adjustments in national policies or other force majeure or unexpected events,
                                                        such that competition in the same business occurs or becomes inevitable, GAIG
                                                        or its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) shall offer an
                                                        option to the Company or its subsidiaries, pursuant to which the Company
                                                        or its subsidiaries shall have the right to acquire any equity, asset and other
                                                        interest in the competing business from GAIG or its subsidiaries in accordance
                                                        with statutory processes in one or multiple tranches, or the Company or its
                                                        subsidiaries may elect to operate assets or businesses in the competing business
                                                        by way of entrusted operation, operating lease or underwriting operation in
                                                        accordance with statutory processes, provided that the relevant laws and
                                                        regulations of the PRC and the listing rules of the relevant stock exchange then
                                                        in force are complied with.


130
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2022




                                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      (II) EXPLANATION ON WHETHER THE COMPANY HAS ACHIEVED ITS
           PROFIT FORECAST IN RELATION TO ASSETS OR PROJECTS, IF THERE
           IS ANY PROFIT FORECAST IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S ASSETS
           OR PROJECTS, AND THE REPORTING PERIOD IS WITHIN THE PROFIT
           FORECAST PERIOD

            ӗ Met    ӗ Unmet   ✓ N/A



II.   APPROPRIATION OF FUNDS OF THE COMPANY BY THE
      CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND OTHER RELATED PARTIES
      Iª yyّ§0ªÀXym !ÀXßXÀX0² (ÇªXyJ ÀR0 ª0§ªÀXyJ
      PERIOD

      ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A



III. ILLEGAL GUARANTEE

      ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A



IV. APPOINTMENT OR DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTANTS

      Audit Service
                                                                              Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                   Currently appointed


                                                                             ShineWing Certified Public
      Name of domestic accounting firm                                               Accountants LLP
      Remuneration of domestic accounting firm                                                 970,000
      Audit years of domestic accounting firm                                                         2
      Names of the Certified Public Accountants of domestic accounting
       firm                                                                     Chen Jinqi, Ou Jinguang
      Continuing service years of certified public accountant of domestic
       accounting firm                                                                                 2
      Name of overseas accounting firm                                          PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Remuneration of overseas accounting firm                                                3,100,000
      Audit years of overseas accounting firm                                                         12




                                                                                                                   131
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      Non-Audit Services
                                      Name                                            Remuneration


      Internal control auditor        ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP             400,000




      EXPLANATION ON APPOINTMENT AND DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTING
      FIRMS
      As considered and approved at the 12th meeting of the 6th session of the Board, the 4th
      meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee and the 2021 annual general meeting
      of the Company, the Company appointed ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP and
      PricewaterhouseCoopers as auditors of the Company for the year 2022.



      CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING FIRM DURING THE AUDITING PERIOD
      ӗ Applicable       ✓ N/A



  V. DESCRIPTION OF RISKS OF DELISTING
      ӗ Applicable       ✓ N/A



  VI. MATTERS RELATING TO INSOLVENCY OR RESTRUCTURING
      During the reporting period, on account of its insolvency, the joint venture of the Company, GAC
      FCA, has filed for a court receivership in accordance with relevant requirements of existing laws
      and regulations. On 29 November 2022, Intermediate People’s Court of Changsha, Hunan Province
      issued the Civil Judgement [(2022) Xiang 01 Po Shen No. 139]((2022)崻01滭榼139谜) to formally accept
      its application.




132
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2022




                                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



VII. MATERIAL LITIGATIONS AND ARBITRATIONS
     The Company had no material litigations and arbitrations during the year.



VIII. PUNISHMENT ON THE COMPANY AND ITS DIRECTORS,
      SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING
      SHAREHOLDERS AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLERS AND
      RELEVANT RECTIFICATIONS FOR SUSPECTED VIOLATION OF
      LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A



IX. DESCRIPTION OF INTEGRITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
    SHAREHOLDERS AND ACTUAL CONTROLLERS DURING THE
    REPORTING PERIOD
     ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A



X.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP
     SCHEME OR OTHER STAFF INCENTIVES OF THE COMPANY
     AND THEIR IMPACTS
     A-SHARE OPTION
     A-share option represents the right granted to a participant by the Company to acquire certain
     number of A shares of the Company at a pre-determined price and conditions within a particular
     period of time. The source of the underlying shares shall be the ordinary A shares to be issued by
     the Company to the participants.



     RESTRICTED SHARES
     Restricted shares represent a certain number of A shares of the Company granted to the
     participants by the Company under the conditions and at the price as stipulated in the incentive
     scheme, which are subject to the lock-up period and can only be unlocked for trading when the
     unlocking conditions under the incentive scheme are satisfied. The source of the underlying shares
     shall be the ordinary A shares to be issued by the Company to the participants.




                                                                                                              133
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      (I)   2020 A SHARE OPTION AND RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
            (THE “2020 INCENTIVE SCHEME”)
            1.   Objective
                 In order to further establish and improve the long-term incentive mechanism of the
                 Company, attract and retain talented individuals, fully mobilise the enthusiasm of the
                 directors, senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact
                 on the Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel
                 of the Company, and effectively bond the interests of the shareholders, the Company
                 and individuals of core teams together, making all parties to attend to the long-term
                 development of the Company, on the premise of fully protecting the interests of the
                 shareholders and on the principle of income equivalent to contribution, the 2020
                 Incentive Scheme was formulated by the Company and passed at the 2020 second
                 extraordinary general meeting and the 2020 first class meetings for holders of A and H
                 shares of the Company held on 13 November 2020.


            2.   Scheme Participants
                 The participants under the 2020 Incentive Scheme are all employee participants
                 as defined under Rule 17.03A(1)(a) of the Listing Rules, including the directors,
                 senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact on the
                 Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of the
                 Company.


            3.   Number of Granted Options and Restricted Shares and Exercise Price
                 A total of 102,101,330 A share options were granted to 2,872 participants on 4 December
                 2020, and the exercise price was RMB9.98 per share (prior to the adjustment), which
                 was determined with reference to the highest of the following and shall not be lower
                 than the nominal amount of the A shares:


                 (1)   the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the trading day
                       preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 24 September 2020)
                       which is RMB9.91; and


                 (2)   one of the average trading prices of the A shares of the Company for 20 trading
                       days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the proposal
                       announcement.




134
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Annual Report 2022




                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



A total of 102,101,330 restricted shares were granted to 2,872 participants on 4
December 2020, and the grant price was RMB4.99 per share, which was determined
with reference to the highest of the following and shall not be lower than the nominal
amount of the A shares:


(1)   50% of the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the trading
      day preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 24 September 2020)
      which is RMB9.91; and


(2)   50% of one of the average trading prices of the A shares of the Company for
      20 trading days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the
      proposal announcement.


The adjustment details for the exercise price of share options and the repurchase price
of restricted share since the implementation of the 2020 Incentive Scheme are as
follows:


•     Since 8 June 2021, as a result of the implementation of the final profit distribution
      plan for 2020, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to RMB9.83/
      A share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted share was adjusted
      to RMB4.84/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For details,
      please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
      Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price” (Announcement No.: Lin 2021-
      034) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 26 May 2021.


•     Since 22 September 2021, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
      distribution plan for 2021, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
      RMB9.78/A share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted share was
      adjusted to RMB4.79/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For
      details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of
      the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price” (Announcement No.:
      Lin 2021-066) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 13
      September 2021.




                                                                                               135
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



            •    Since 21 November 2022, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
                 distribution plan for 2021 and the interim profit distribution plan for 2022, the
                 exercise price of share options was adjusted to RMB9.55/A share accordingly
                 and the repurchase price of restricted share was adjusted to RMB4.56/A share
                 accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. At the same time, in terms of the
                 repurchase of restricted shares due to the resignation, retirement, assessment,
                 etc. of incentive participants, the repurchase prices are RMB4.56/A share and
                 RMB4.67172/A share, respectively, depending on the circumstances of incentive
                 participants triggering the repurchase cancellation conditions (plus deposit
                 interest for the same period). For details, please refer to the “Announcement
                 on Adjusting the Equity Price, Equity Quantity and Personnel List of the 2020
                 A Share Options and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme” (Announcement No.:
                 Lin 2022-077) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 21
                 November 2022.


            The closing price of the Company’s A shares on the date immediately before the
            grant date of the 2020 Incentive Scheme was RMB13.29 per share. Within any
            12-month period, the aggregate number of share options to be granted to each above
            participant under all effective share option incentive schemes of the Company and
            held throughout the validity period does not exceed 1% of the total A share capital of
            the Company. Details of the entitlement caps (including A share options and restricted
            shares) that each director and senior management of the Company may be granted
            under the 2020 Incentive Scheme are set out in the Company’s circular disclosed
            on the website of the Stock Exchange on 22 October 2020, where the upper limit of
            interests that can be granted to each other individual participant does not exceed the
            maximum limit of the above-mentioned ones. No amount is payable by the participants
            on application or acceptance of the A share options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme.
            According to the 2020 Incentive Scheme, the grant price of restricted A shares was
            RMB4.99 per share. In other words, after meeting the grant conditions, the participants
            purchased the restricted A shares which were issued and granted by the Company at a
            price of RMB4.99 per share.


       4.   Validity period, vesting period and exercise period
            The 2020 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the share options
            and the restricted shares have been granted and registered, and end on the date
            on which all the share options granted to the participants have been exercised or
            cancelled and all the restricted shares granted to the participants have been unlocked
            or repurchased and cancelled respectively, which shall not exceed 60 months until
            December 2025 with remaining life of approximately two years and eight months.
            The vesting period and the lock-up period of share options and restricted shares
            respectively were 24 months, 36 months, 48 months from the date on which the share
            options were granted and registered.

136
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Annual Report 2022




                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



As at the date of this reporting period, the total number of securities issuable under
the 2020 Incentive Scheme was 64,455,754 shares, representing approximately 0.61% of
the total issued shares of the Company.


The arrangements of exercise period and each period of exercise time for the share
options are as follows:


Exercise                                                                       Exercisable
 arrangement          Exercise period                                           Proportion

First exercise period Commencing from the first trading day after                        40%
                          expiry of the 24-month period from the date
                          of completion of registration of the share
                          options and ending on the last trading
                          day of the 36-month period from the date
                          of completion of registration of the share
                          options
Second exercise       Commencing from the first trading day after                        30%
 period                   expiry of the 36-month period from the date
                          of completion of registration of the share
                          options and ending on the last trading
                          day of the 48-month period from the date
                          of completion of registration of the share
                          options
Third exercise        Commencing from the first trading day after                        30%
 period                   expiry of the 48-month period from the
                          date of completion of registration of the
                          share options and ending on the last trading
                          day of the 60-month period from the date
                          of completion of registration of the share
                          options




                                                                                               137
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          The first exercise period is from 12 December 2022 to 10 December 2023, subject to the
          restriction period from 28 January 2023 to 27 April 2023, during which all participants
          are prohibited to exercise the share options. During the reporting period, 23,206,034
          shares were exercised accumulatively. As of the date of this report, 26,279,976 shares
          have been exercised accumulatively throughout the exercise period.


          The participants shall complete the exercise of the share options within the validity
          period. If the exercise conditions are not satisfied, the A share options for the
          corresponding period shall not be exercised. If the exercise conditions are satisfied
          but not all of the relevant A share options for that period have been exercised, the
          remaining A share options shall lapse automatically and shall be cancelled by the
          Company.


          During the reporting period, the Company cancelled 14,439,542 share options that
          were ineligible for exercise due to reasons such as the resignation and retirement of
          participants.


          The unlocking periods and unlocking schedule for the restricted shares are as follows:


          Unlocking                                                                  Unlocking
           arrangement        Unlocking period                                      proportion

          First unlocking     Commencing from the first trading day after                   40%
           period               expiry of the 24-month period from the date
                                of completion of registration of the restricted
                                shares and ending on the last trading day of the
                                36-month period from the date of completion
                                of registration of the restricted shares
          Second unlocking    Commencing from the first trading day after                   30%
           period               expiry of the 36-month period from the date
                                of completion of registration of the restricted
                                shares and ending on the last trading day of the
                                48-month period from the date of completion
                                of registration of the restricted shares
          Third unlocking     Commencing from the first trading day after                   30%
           period               expiry of the 48-month period from the date
                                of completion of registration of the restricted
                                shares and ending on the last trading day of the
                                60-month period from the date of completion
                                of registration of the restricted shares




138
                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2022




                                                           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



        On 12 December 2022, 38,401,047 restricted shares has been unlocked and become
        available in the market after the expiry of the first lock-up period. After adjustment,
        9,040 shares had become available in the market on 16 January 2023. As of the end of
        the reporting period, a total of 38,410,087 restricted shares have been unlocked and
        available in the market.


        For restricted shares that unlocking has not been applied for or unlocking cannot
        be applied for due to failure to meet the unlocking conditions during the unlocking
        periods, the Company will repurchase and cancel such restricted shares in accordance
        with the rules of the 2020 Incentive Scheme.


        During the reporting period, the Company has repurchased and cancelled 7,327,392
        restricted shares that failed to meet the unlocking conditions due to reasons such
        as the resignation and retirement of participants. The relevant share repurchase and
        cancellation have been officially registered on 13 March 2023.


        The shares obtained by the participants based on the granted restricted shares arising
        from capitalisation issue, bonus issue and share subdivision shall be subject to locking,
        and shall not be sold in the secondary market or otherwise transferred. The unlocking
        periods of such resulting shares are the same as that of the restricted shares. If the
        Company repurchases the restricted shares that are yet to be unlocked, such resulting
        shares shall be repurchased altogether.



(II) 2022 A SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME (THE “2022 INCENTIVE
     SCHEME”)
   1.   Objective
        In order to further establish and improve the long-term incentive mechanism of the
        Company, attract and retain talented individuals, fully mobilise the enthusiasm of
        the senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact on
        the Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel
        of the Company, and effectively bond the interests of the shareholders, the Company
        and individuals of core teams together, making all parties to attend to the long-term
        development of the Company, on the premise of fully protecting the interests of the
        shareholders and on the principle of income equivalent to contribution, the Company
        formulated the 2022 Incentive Scheme, which has been duly approved by way of
        special resolutions passed at the 2023 first extraordinary general meeting and the 2023
        first class meeting for A and H shareholders of the Company respectively held on 20
        January 2023.




                                                                                                      139
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       2.   Scheme Participants
            The participants under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are all employee participants
            as defined under Rule 17.03A(1)(a) of the Listing Rules, including the directors,
            senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact on the
            Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of the
            Company.


       3.   Number of Granted Options and Exercise Price
            A total of 233,896,200 A share options were granted to 3,089 participants on 20 January
            2023, and the exercise price was RMB11.99 per share, which was determined with
            reference to the highest of the following and shall not be lower than the nominal
            amount of the A shares:


            (1)   the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the trading day
                  preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 13 December 2022) which
                  is RMB11.82; and


            (2)   one of the average trading prices of the A shares of the Company for 20 trading
                  days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the proposal
                  announcement.


            The closing price of the Company’s A shares on the date immediately before the
            grant date of the 2022 Incentive Scheme was RMB11.37 per share. Within any
            12-month period, the aggregate number of share options to be granted to each above
            participant under all effective share option incentive schemes of the Company and
            held throughout the validity period does not exceed 1% of the total A share capital
            of the Company. Details of the maximum entitlement (i.e. A share options) that each
            director and senior management of the Company may be granted under the 2022
            Incentive Scheme are set out in the Company’s circular disclosed on the website of the
            Stock Exchange on 4 January 2023, where the maximum interests that can be granted
            to each other individual participant does not exceed the maximum entitlement of the
            aforementioned group. No amount is payable by the participants on application or
            acceptance of the A share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme.




140
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2022




                                                      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



4.   Validity period, vesting period and exercise period
     The 2022 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the share options
     were granted (i.e. 20 January 2023), and end on the date on which all the share options
     granted to the participants have been exercised or cancelled, and for no more than 60
     months, i.e. until January 2028 with four years and nine months remaining. The vesting
     period of the respective portions are 24 months, 36 months and 48 months from the
     date on which the share options were granted.


     As at the date of this reporting period, the total number of securities issuable under
     the 2022 Incentive Scheme was 233,896,200 shares, representing approximately 2.23%
     of the total issued shares of the Company.


     The arrangements of exercise period and the duration of each exercise period for the
     share options are as follows:


     Exercise                                                                    Exercisable
      arrangement         Exercise period                                         Proportion

     First exercise period Commencing from the first trading day after                     20%
                            expiry of the 24-month period from the grant
                            date and ending on the last trading day of the
                            36-month period from the grant date
     Second exercise      Commencing from the first trading day after                      40%
      period                expiry of the 36-month period from the grant
                            date and ending on the last trading day of the
                            48-month period from the grant date
     Third exercise       Commencing from the first trading day after                      40%
      period                expiry of the 48-month period from the grant
                            date and ending on the last trading day of the
                            60-month period from the grant date




                                                                                                     141
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          The participants shall complete the exercise of the share options within the relevant
          exercise period. If the exercise conditions are not satisfied, the A share options for the
          corresponding period shall not be exercised. If the exercise conditions are satisfied, but
          such relevant A share options that are not exercised within the above exercise period
          will automatically lapse and be cancelled by the Company.


          During the reporting period, there were no A share options and restricted shares
          grantable in accordance with the scheme mandate limit and service provider sublimit
          respectively defined under Rule 17.03(3) of the Listing Rules.


          For details of A share options granted to directors and senior management, please refer
          to the paragraph titled “III. Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management –
          (III) Share Options Granted to Directors and Senior Management during the Reporting
          Period” under Chapter 4 – “Corporate Governance” of this report. Details of A share
          options granted to other participants are set out in the following table:


                                                                                                   Unit: share (A share)                 Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                                                                       closing price
                                                                                                                                        immediately
                                                      Number of Number of Number of A                    Number of A                      before the
                                                  outstanding A new A share share options Shares issued share options                       dates on       Number
                                                  share options     options exercisable upon exercise         lapsed/                     which the of A share
                                                     held at the    granted during the        of A share    cancelled Exercise price         A share options held
                                                    beginning of during the     reporting options during during the       of A share   options were at the end of
                                                   the reporting  reporting        period the reporting     reporting options (RMB)        exercised the reporting
          Name               Position                     period     period       (note 2)        period       period       (Note 4)           (RMB)        period

          2020 Incentive Scheme
          /                  Middle level and        99,126,330           0      34,375,227   22,432,034     lapsed: 0         9.55           11.76     62,566,754
                                other core
                                businesses,                                                                 cancelled:
                                technical and                                                               14,127,542
                                management
                                key personnel
                                (i.e. 2,860
                                other
                                employee
                                participants in
                                total)
          Total (together 2,872                      102,101,330          0      35,565,227   23,206,034    14,439,542            /               /     64,455,754
             with that of participants
             the Directors
             and Senior
             Management):


142
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




                                                          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



Note:


1.      All participants must be employed by the Company pursuant to employment contracts
        during the appraisal period of the 2020 Incentive Scheme and no participants are retired
        staff re-employed by the Company. The above participants do not include substantial
        shareholders or controllers of the Company who individually or jointly hold 5% or more of
        the shares, or their spouse, parents or children. All A share options under the 2020 Incentive
        Scheme have been granted to the relevant incentive participants on 4 December 2020 (i.e.
        the grant date). The vesting period for the relevant A share options is set out on page 136 of
        this report.


2.      The relevant 34,375,277 A share options have entered the exercise period from 12 December
        2022.


3.      The aggregate number of share options to be granted to any of the above participants
        within any 12 months under all effective share option incentive schemes of the Company
        and held throughout the validity period does not exceed 1% of the total A share capital of
        the Company.


4.      Corresponding adjustments were made to the exercise prices of the A share options
        in accordance with the Company’s profit distribution plan (please refer to the previous
        paragraphs on pages 135-136).


5.      During the reporting period, the 2022 Incentive Scheme has not yet granted A share
        options or commenced to exercise.




                                                                                                       143
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          For details of restricted A shares granted to directors and senior management,
          please refer to the paragraph titled “III. Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
          Management – (III) Share Options Granted to Directors and Senior Management during
          the Reporting Period” under Chapter 4 – “Corporate Governance” of this report. Details
          of restricted A shares granted to other participants are set out in the following table:


                                                                                                       Unit: share (A share)                  Currency: RMB


                                                                   Number of      Number of                     Number of                      Weighted
                                                                    unvested      locked-up       Number of     restricted    Number of         average    Number of
                                                                    restricted    restricted     restricted A    A shares      restricted closing price     locked-up
                                                                     A shares      A shares shares newly         unlocked       A shares immediately restricted A
                                                                   held at the   held at the         granted    during the     cancelled      before the shares held
                                                                 beginning of beginning of        during the     reporting    during the vesting date at the end of
                                                                 the reporting the reporting       reporting       period      reporting of restricted A the reporting
          Name                       Position                          period         period          period      (note 2)        period     share (RMB)       period

          2020 Incentive Scheme
          /                          Middle level and other                 0      99,126,330              0     37,211,047   cancelled: 0          N/A       61,915,283
                                        core businesses,
                                        technical and
                                        management key
                                        personnel (i.e. 2,860
                                        other employee
                                        participants in total)
          Total (together with that 2,872                                   0      102,101,330             0    38,401,047              0              /     63,700,283
              of the Directors and   participants
              Senior Management):




144
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Annual Report 2022




                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



1.   All participants must be employed by the Company pursuant to employment
     contracts during the appraisal period of the 2020 Incentive Scheme and
     no participants are retired staff re-employed by the Company. The above
     participants do not include substantial shareholders or controllers of the
     Company who individually or jointly hold 5% or more of the shares, or their
     spouse, parents or children. All restricted A shares under the 2020 Incentive
     Scheme have been granted to the relevant incentive participants on 4 December
     2020 (i.e. the vesting date). The vesting period for the relevant restricted A shares
     is set out on page 136 of this report.


2.   The relevant 37,211,047 restricted A shares have entered the unlocking period
     from 12 December 2022.


3.   The aggregate number of share options to be granted to any of the above
     participants within any 12 months under all effective share option incentive
     schemes of the Company and held throughout the validity period does not
     exceed 1% of the total A share capital of the Company.




                                                                                              145
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



  XI. MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

      1.   Certain categories of related party transactions as disclosed in note 41 to the consolidated
           financial statements, including (i) sales of goods (sales of automotive parts and steels, sales
           of passenger vehicles and sales of production facility), (ii) rendering of labour and insurance
           services, (iii) purchases of goods (purchases of automotive parts and materials and purchases
           of passenger vehicles), (iv) rental received from related parties and (v) rental paid to related
           parties, include transactions which also constituted connected transactions under the Listing
           ªɐǶƵȺ‫˚ خ‬Ƶ !ȌǿȯƊȁɯ ƧȌȁǏǞȲǿȺ ɈǘƊɈ ǞɈ ǘƊȺ ƧȌǿȯǶǞƵƮ ɩǞɈǘ ɈǘƵ ƮǞȺƧǶȌȺɐȲƵ ȲƵȱɐǞȲƵǿƵȁɈȺ Ǟȁ
           accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.



      2.   TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES
           (A)   Transactions in relation to principal joint ventures
                 At the time of listing of the Company, the Stock Exchange granted a conditional waiver
                 from strict compliance with the requirements of Chapters 14 and 14A of the Listing
                 Rules in respect of immaterial joint ventures. The Company is required to review
                 whether the immaterial joint ventures met the conditions in the waiver on a yearly
                 basis. For the 2022 financial year, the principal joint ventures of the Company were GAC
                 Toyota, GAC Honda and GAC-SOFINCO.


           (B)   Connected transactions
                 For the year ended 31 December 2022, GAC Group and its associates (as defined in the
                 Listing Rules) had entered into the following connected transactions:


                 On 21 January 2022, Chenqi Technology Limited (the “Target Company”) entered into
                 a subscription agreement with GAIG and the other investors, pursuant to which GAIG
                 agreed to subscribe for 17,258,940 warrants at a total exercise price of approximately
                 US$55,125,054 (equivalent to approximately HK$429,353,020). If such warrants are
                 exercised in full, 17,258,940 series A preferred shares will be issued by the Target
                 Company to GAIG.




146
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Annual Report 2022




                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The total exercise price of the warrants was determined after arm’s length negotiation
between GAIG and the Target Group after having conducted horizontal comparison
with other companies engaged in the mobile transportation business, and with
reference to the valuation of the 12.90% equity interest in the Target Company as at 31
July 2021 per the appraisal by an independent valuer using market approach and on
the basis of the 12.90% shareholding held by GAIG in the enlarged issued share capital
of the Target Company upon the completion of the capital injection, which amounted
to approximately RMB350 million.


As of 24 January 2022, the Group indirectly holds 35% equity interest in the Target
Company. Upon completion of the capital injection, GAIG will hold approximately
12.90% equity interest in the Target Company, and the Company’s indirect equity
interest in the Target Company will be diluted from 35% to approximately 26.15%
accordingly. Upon completion of the capital injection, the Target Company will remain
as an associated company of the Group. The composition of the board of directors of
the Target Company will remain unchanged with three out of the seven members of
the board of directors being appointed by the Group.


Although the then existing shareholders of the Target Company were given the
pre-emptive right to participate in the capital injection, the directors (including the
independent directors) believe that the mobile transportation market still needs time
for cultivation and growth, and at the same time, the Target Company needs external
financing at different stages of its development in order to achieve synergy of resources
and sustainable and stable development. Therefore, according to the non-competition
undertaking entered into by GAIG on 17 May 2010, upon the Board’s receipt of a written
notice issued by GAIG, which stated that it was interested in participating in the capital
injection, the Board had resolved not to participate in the capital injection and to
consent to GAIG’s participation in it, which is fair and reasonable and in the interests of
the Company and the shareholders of the Company as a whole.




                                                                                               147
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             According to the Listing Rules, GAIG is the controlling shareholder of the Company and
             therefore a connected person of the Company. Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing
             Rules, the non-participation in the capital injection and transfer of such opportunity
             to GAIG, which will result in the dilution of the Company’s equity interest in the Target
             Company, constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of
             the Listing Rules. As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios (as defined in the
             Listing Rules) are more than 0.1% but all are less than 5%, according to Rule 14A.76(2)
             (a) of the Listing Rules, such transaction is subject to the reporting and announcement
             requirements, but exempt from the circular and independent shareholders’ approval
             requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


       (C)   Continuing connected transactions
             For the year ended 31 December 2022, GAC Group and its associates (as defined in the
             Listing Rules) had entered into the following continuing connected transactions:


             1.   Provision of transport and logistics services in respect of vehicle products and
                  vehicle parts and components
                   For the year ended 31 December 2022, each of the JV Partner Group provided
                   transport and logistics services (the “JV Partner Logistics Services”) in respect
                   of vehicle products and vehicle parts and components to the Company,
                   its subsidiaries and the principal joint ventures (including GAC Toyota and
                   GAC Honda) according to the following pricing terms on a regular basis. The
                   Company’s principal joint ventures purchase raw materials and components
                   from the relevant joint venture partners, as well as selling some products to the
                   relevant joint venture partners. The relevant joint venture partners will provide
                   transportation and logistics services to complete the entire process. Such service
                   will continue during the term of the joint ventures.




148
                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                        Annual Report 2022




                                               SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



On 8 April 2022:


(i)     GAC Toyota Logistics Co., Ltd. (䊷婎雧榹擻孲僗꡿⪝⺚) (“GAC Toyota Logistics”)
        (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group entered into an agreement
        in writing (the “Framework Agreement(s) of JV Partner”) with Guangzhou
        GAC Commercial Logistics Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸䊷婎ら鞥擻孲僗꡿⪝⺚), Hunan Shun
        Jie Logistics Co., Ltd. (崷 ⶟ ꯂ 䪇 擻 孲 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚) and Guangzhou Automobile
        Hunan NYK Logistics Co., Ltd. (崷⶟䊷婎ら鞥仼鼽擻孲僗꡿⪝⺚)of the Group, so
        as to continue with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period
        from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. Upon the expiration of the
        validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the parties
        of the agreement.


(ii)    GAC Toyota Logistics (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group
        entered into an agreement in writing (the “New Agreement(s) of JV
        Partner”) with Guangzhou GAC Commercial Changrun Automobile Sales
        Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸䊷婎ら鞥ꝏ弞婎髪ꊷす僗꡿⪝⺚), Guangzhou GAC Commercial
        Changning Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸䊷婎ら鞥ꝏ㴪婎髪ꊷす僗꡿⪝⺚),
        Guangzhou Guangyou Logistics Development Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸䊷為擻孲氪㷤僗
        ꡿⪝⺚), and Guangzhou Business Railway Logistics Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸らꖹ擻孲
        僗꡿鞊♳⪝⺚) of the Group, so as to proceed with the JV Partner Logistics
        Services, with validity period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024.
        Upon the expiration of the validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual
        agreement of the parties of the agreement.


(iii)   Tong Fang Logistics (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group
        entered into the Framework Agreement of JV Partner with GAC Toyota
        and GAC Toyota Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (䊷婎雧榹婎髪ꊷす僗꡿⪝⺚) of the
        Group, so as to continue with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity
        period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. Upon the expiration of
        the validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the
        parties of the agreement.


(iv)    GAC Honda Logistics Co., Ltd. (䊷婎儗榹擻孲僗꡿⪝⺚) (as the service provider)
        of the JV Partner Group entered into the Framework Agreement of JV
        Partner with Guangzhou GAC Commerical Renewable Resources Co., Ltd. (䊷
        䃸䊷婎ら鞥⫋榟鞳嶏僗꡿⪝⺚) and GAC Honda of the Group, so as to continue
        with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period from 1 January
        2022 to 31 December 2024. Upon the expiration of the validity period, renewal
        is subject to the mutual agreement of the parties of the agreement.




                                                                                          149
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             (v)   GAC Honda Logistics Co., Ltd. (䊷婎儗榹擻孲僗꡿⪝⺚) (as the service provider)
                   of the JV Partner Group entered into the New Agreement of JV Partner
                   with GAC Honda Automobile Sales Co., Ltd.(䊷婎儗榹婎髪ꊷす僗꡿⪝⺚)of the
                   Group, so as to proceed with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity
                   period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. Upon the expiration of
                   the validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the
                   parties of the agreement.


             Pursuant to the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements
             of JV Partner, all service providers and all service recipients have agreed that,
             they shall enter into individual agreement(s) in relation to the provision of
             the JV Partner Logistics Services within the validity period of the Framework
             Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements of JV Partner based on the
             terms, conditions and principles of the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and
             the New Agreements of JV Partner.


             The remunerations or service fees charged by all service providers to all service
             recipients for the JV Partner Logistics Services are determined according to
             the prices in the contract determined with reference to (i) the prevailing prices
             of the same or same type of services in the market provided by independent
             third parties; and (ii) the volume of the logistics services provided to all service
             recipients. The parties shall compare the prices for the provision of the same
             or same type of services by independent third parties in respect of the logistics
             services from time to time to ensure that the payment received by all service
             providers for the logistics services shall be the prevailing market price for
             the logistics services. To ensure that products or services are obtained at the
             most favorable price, the Group will consider the market price for at least
             two equivalent services to ensure that the price will remain a reasonable and
             competitive one prior to selecting the service providers for the logistics services,
             and to ensure that the amount of payment by the Group to the JV Partner Group
             will not exceed the amount paid to independent third parties. In addition, the
             Group will determine the relevant price by taking into account the profit margin
             that can be achieved by the Group to ensure that the price will be set at a level
             that the Group will be able to generate a profit margin that is within the industry
             standard or even better.


             In view of the above, the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New
             Agreements of JV Partner between the Group and joint venture partners were
             entered into on normal commercial terms that are fair and reasonable and are
             no less favourable to the Group than those provided by independent third parties
             to the Group in respect of the logistics services.



150
                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                       Annual Report 2022




                                             SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



For the year ended 31 December 2022, the total amount of the consideration
paid by the Group for the JV Partner Logistics Services was RMB3,472,011,016.


In relation to the transactions, the directors consider that the annual transaction
amount of each transaction under the JV Partner Logistics Services should
not be disclosed. The provision of transportation and logistics services is an
important part of entering into cooperation arrangements with joint venture
parties and their associates. They are a key part of the supply chain management
and sales business of automobile production. Disclosing the annual transaction
amount for each transaction under the JV Partner Logistics Services will disclose
commercially sensitive information relating to the operation of the relevant joint
ventures, which is not in the interest of the Group or the related joint ventures.


The Company has applied to the Stock Exchange for and was granted a waiver
from compliance with the annual cap requirement relating to the above
transactions for the duration of the terms of the respective transactions. The
Company has also reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that only
disclosure of the annual aggregate dollar value of the transactions made each
year would be made. However, the exemption expired before the Framework
Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements of JV Partner were entered
into.


During the reporting period, the Company has applied for, and was granted by
the Stock Exchange a revised waiver from strict compliance with the annual
reporting and annual caps requirements under the Listing Rules in respect
of such transactions to the extent that the Company is still required to set
aggregate caps for the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New
Agreements of JV Partner and disclose the total annual consideration of such
transactions in the annual report.


For details, the annual cap and the basis for determination of the Framework
Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements of JV Partner, please refer to
the Company’s announcement dated 8 April 2022.




                                                                                             151
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          2.   Sale of vehicle products, parts and components, production equipment and
               vehicles related products (including its after-sales services)
               (a)   For the year ended 31 December 2022, members of the Group sold raw
                     materials, parts and components and vehicles to the JV Partner Group
                     according to the following pricing terms on a regular basis. Such service
                     will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


                     The Group will take into account market prices of the relevant products
                     and services offered by independent third parties in determining the price
                     of the services to make sure that the price offered to the JV Partner Group
                     are fair and reasonable and on normal commercial terms.


                     The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that
                     the transactions above are exempted from written agreement and annual
                     cap requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required
                     to disclose the nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is
                     because the disclosure of separate transactions between the contracting
                     parties would constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive information
                     relating to the operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not be
                     in the interest of the Company or the relevant joint ventures.




152
                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                        Annual Report 2022




                                               SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



(b)   For the year ended 31 December 2022, members of the JV Partner Group
      provided the sale of raw materials, parts and components and production
      equipment to the principal joint ventures according to the following
      pricing terms on a regular basis. Such service will continue during the term
      of the joint ventures.


      In relation to this type of transactions, where there are other local
      suppliers, members of the Group will obtain quotes for equivalent
      products or services that may be available from other local PRC suppliers
      in order to determine whether viable alternatives of comparable quality
      can be obtained in a timely manner and at the most competitive price. If
      alternatives are available, the Group would go through a tender process
      before selecting the supplier for such alternatives. In such a tender process,
      JV Partner Group is treated no differently from any other third-party
      supplier. Consequently, the purchase of auto parts by Group from the JV
      Partner Group would not be made if the Group could obtain better terms
      from any other suppliers. Over time, fewer vehicle products, parts and
      components will be sourced from the JV Partner Group as cheaper viable
      alternatives are found in the PRC. Such process of “localisation” is widely
      regarded as key means of cost reduction in the PRC automotive industry
      and is also the priority of the principal joint ventures.


      As a business reality, given the additional transportation and tax costs
      of purchasing vehicle products, parts and components and production
      equipment from a foreign supplier, it is neither in the Company’s nor the
      joint venture partners’ interest to purchase the vehicle products, parts and
      components and production equipment from the foreign joint venture
      partners if viable alternatives are available from local suppliers on more
      favourable terms.




                                                                                          153
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                In determining the price for the products and/or service, the Company will
                also consider the market price for equivalent products or services in order
                to make sure that the price will remain a reasonable and competitive one.
                However, unlike normal consumer products, some of the vehicle products,
                parts and components provided by the JV Partner Group are specific to
                the car models produced by the principal joint ventures and there is no
                alternative but to source the vehicle products, parts and components
                from the JV Partner Group for the duration of the relevant principal joint
                ventures and market prices for these vehicle parts are not readily available.
                The Company’s representatives will rely heavily on their knowledge of
                the industry standards and their prior experience gained from similar
                negotiations in determining the price. In order to ensure that the price is
                fair and reasonable, the Group will also obtain quotes for similar products
                or services, though not specific to the car models produced by the principal
                joint ventures, as reference.


                The Group will also determine the price by taking into account the profit
                margin that could be achieved by the Group to ensure that the price will
                be set at a level that the Group will still be able to generate a profit margin
                that is within the industry standard or even better taking into account the
                international and PRC benchmark raw materials costs.


                The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that
                the transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual
                cap requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and is only required to
                disclose the nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because
                the disclosure of separate transactions between contracting parties would
                constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive information relating to the
                operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not be in the interest
                of the Company or the relevant joint ventures.




154
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Annual Report 2022




                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



3.   Provision of technical support, research and development support and
     information enquiry (including production preparation support, local support,
     advisory services, and provisions of software)
     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the JV Partner Group provided technical
     support, research and development support and information enquiry (including
     production preparation support, local support, advisory services, and provisions
     of software) to the Group according to the following pricing terms on a regular
     basis. The Company’s joint venture partners are the proprietors of the technology
     involved in the production of vehicle models manufactured by the principal joint
     ventures and they are primarily responsible for the research and development of
     all new models. The provision of technical support by the joint venture partners
     is to ensure that the latest technology is applied in the manufacturing process of
     the principal joint ventures and to ensure that the products remain competitive
     in the market. Such service will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


     Generally, the pricing for technology license and technical assistance between
     the principal joint ventures and the joint venture partners and their associates
     is that the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed for its
     research and development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle model
     and such research and development costs should be spread evenly over the
     entire operations of the party providing the technology and the PRC automotive
     joint venture should only bear its fair share of such costs.


     In accordance with normal industry practice, the terms (including the price) of
     the technology licenses and transactions relating to technical support are fixed
     with reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models, which are generally
     between 5 and 10 years, and also with reference to the industry benchmark for
     similar technological assistance. The Company’s representatives will also rely
     heavily on their knowledge of the industry standards and their prior experience
     gained from similar negotiations in order to determine the price and to make
     sure that the price remains a reasonable and competitive one. Also the Group
     (including the principal joint ventures) will also determine the price by taking
     into account the profit margin that could be achieved by the Group and to
     ensure that the price will be set at a level that the Group will still be able to
     generate a profit margin that is within the industry standard or even better.




                                                                                              155
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



               The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the
               transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap
               requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the
               nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because the disclosure
               of separate transaction value between contracting parties would constitute
               disclosure of commercially sensitive information relating to the operations of the
               relevant joint ventures and would not be in the interest of the Company or the
               relevant joint ventures.


          4.   Provision of the right to use intellectual property (in relation to production and
               sales of vehicles)
               For the year ended 31 December 2022, the joint venture partners of the principal
               joint ventures provided the use of intellectual property rights (in relation to
               production and sales of vehicles) to the principal joint ventures according to the
               following pricing terms on a regular basis. The right to use intellectual property
               is key to the long-term profitability and competitiveness of the principal joint
               ventures and their products. The Group entered into several technology license
               agreements and trademark license agreements with the Company’s joint
               venture partners during the track record period in the past. Such agreements
               will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


               The joint venture partners and its associates are primarily responsible for the
               research and development of the new vehicle models and it is therefore essential
               for the principal joint ventures to enter into technology license with its joint
               venture partners. The relevant intellectual property rights that are specific to
               the car models produced by the relevant principal joint ventures and are thus
               fundamental to the production of the Group. Without them, the businesses
               of the principal joint ventures could not have been established and cannot
               operate. The Group therefore has no alternative but to source the intellectual
               property rights from the joint venture partners for the duration of the principal
               joint ventures. It is therefore standard practice in the PRC automotive industry
               for Sino-foreign automotive manufacturing joint ventures to provide royalties
               to the proprietor of the relevant technology licence, technological know-how or
               intellectual property right, which is very often, the joint venture partners.




156
                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                       Annual Report 2022




                                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The purpose of sino-foreign automotive manufacturing joint ventures is that the
PRC manufacturer will be able to benefit from the technological expertise and
product portfolio of its foreign joint venture partner, whilst the foreign partner
is able to participate in the domestic PRC market. The joint venture relationship
is therefore founded on the foreign joint venture partner contributing its
technological expertise to the joint ventures and the PRC partner contributing its
manufacturing capabilities and facilities, labour and local market and regulatory
knowledge.


A key reason for the PRC Government’s encouragement of sino-foreign
automotive manufacturing joint ventures is to rapidly enhance technological and
product standards in the PRC automotive industry.


Generally, the pricing principle for technology license and technical assistance
between the principal joint ventures and the joint venture partners and their
associates is that the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed
for its research and development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle
model and such research and development costs should be spread evenly
over the entire operations of the party providing the technology and the PRC
automotive joint venture should only bear its fair share of such costs.


In accordance with normal industry practice, the terms (including the price) of
the technology licences and transactions relating to technical support are fixed
with reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models, which are generally
between 5 and 10 years, and also with reference to the industry benchmark for
similar technological assistance. The Company’s representatives will also rely
heavily on their knowledge of the industry standards and their prior experience
gained from similar negotiations in order to determine the price and to make
sure that the price remains a reasonable and competitive one. Also the Group
(including the principal joint ventures) will also determine the price taking into
account of the profit margin that could be achieved by the Group and to ensure
that the price will be set at a level that the Group will still be able to generate a
profit margin that is within the industry standard or even better.




                                                                                         157
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                   The Company also believes that the primary purpose of international
                   automotive manufacturers in establishing joint ventures with the Company is
                   the establishment of a strong presence in the PRC automotive industry, the
                   gaining of market share for their brand of vehicles and long term investment
                   returns from the principal joint ventures, rather than any short term gains from
                   intellectual property rights on terms which may be prejudicial to the principal
                   joint ventures’ long term profitability and competitiveness. Such short-term gains
                   would be eclipsed by the potential losses to the joint venture partners if the
                   principal joint ventures were to prove unsuccessful.


                   The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the
                   transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap
                   requirements set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the
                   nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because the disclosure of
                   separate transactions between contracting parties would constitute disclosure of
                   commercially sensitive information relating to the operations of the relevant joint
                   ventures and would not be in the interest of the Company or the relevant joint
                   ventures.


       (C)   Control Mechanism
             In relation to the connected transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries
             on one hand and the joint venture partners and their associates on the other hand as
             described above, negotiations will be conducted by the Company and/or the relevant
             subsidiary directly on an arm’s length basis and the Company is able to control the
             negotiations between the subsidiaries and the joint venture partners and/or their
             associates. The joint venture partners and/or their associates will not be in a position to
             influence the Company and/or its subsidiaries to agree to terms which may not be in
             its and the Company’s interest.




158
                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                           Annual Report 2022




                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



In relation to the connected transactions between the principal joint ventures on
the one hand and the joint venture partners and their associates on the other hand
as described in paragraphs (C) 2 to 4 above, it is provided under the respective joint
venture agreements, articles of association and memoranda of the principal joint
ventures that negotiations between the principal joint ventures and the joint venture
partner and its associates should always be conducted directly by the relevant principal
joint ventures’ senior management nominated by the Company on behalf of the
Company or by representative of the Company as a joint venture partner and will thus
be conducted on an arm’s length basis. No joint venture partners or their associates is
in a position to influence the principal joint ventures to agree to terms which may not
be in the principal joint ventures’ and therefore the Company’s interest. The Company
also confirms that negotiations of transactions between the principal joint ventures
and the relevant joint venture partners were all conducted by the relevant principal
joint ventures’ senior management nominated by the Company.


Also, the principal joint ventures have implemented internal control and reporting
mechanisms which enable business developments and transactions that may be
subject to applicable continuing obligations under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules to
be reported to their respective boards and/or designated persons enabling both the
Company and its relevant joint venture partners, through representatives on the board
of the relevant principal joint ventures and/or designated persons to decide whether to
consent to and approve the relevant transactions.


Further, there are also established procedures under the respective joint venture
agreements, articles of association and memorandum of the principal joint ventures
that the entering into of any contract of material importance/material transaction with
a joint venture partner and its associates shall either be approved by a majority of the
directors present at the board meeting or be mutually agreed/signed off by the general
manager and the deputy general manager of the relevant principal joint ventures (as
the case may be). It is provided under the respective joint venture agreements, articles
of association and memoranda of the principal joint ventures that the Group and the
joint venture partner will be entitled to nominate the general manager and deputy
general manager respectively in turn and when the general manager is nominated by
the Group, the deputy general manager will be nominated by the joint venture partner
and vice versa.




                                                                                             159
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       (D)   Confirmation by the Independent Non-executive Directors
             The independent non-executive directors of the Company confirm that for the year
             ended 31 December 2022, the above continuing connected transactions entered into
             by the Company as one of the parties are:


             (1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;


             (2)   on normal commercial terms or, if there are not sufficient comparable
                   transactions to judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, or on
                   terms no less favourable to the Company than terms available to or from (as
                   appropriate) independent third parties; and


             (3)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are
                   fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders as a whole.


       (E)   Auditor’s Letter
             The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
             transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
             3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical
             Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on
             Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by
             the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued his
             unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the aforesaid
             continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.
             Auditor of the Company confirmed in such letter that for the year ended 31 December
             2022, in respect of the above continuing connected transaction to which the Company
             is one of the parties:




160
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2022




                                                                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



              (1)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions have not been
                    approved by the Board;


              (2)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions did not follow the
                    pricing policy of the Company in all material respects if the transactions involved
                    provision of goods or services by the Company;


              (3)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions were not carried out
                    in accordance with the agreements of such transactions in all material aspects;
                    and


              (4)   the annual caps (in respect of the Framework Agreement of JV Partner and the
                    New Agreement of JV Partner) have not been exceeded.


              A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock
              Exchange.



XII. MATERAL CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFOREMANCE

   (I)   TRUSTS, CONTRACTS AND LEASE ARRANGMENTS

         1.   Trusts
              ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A


         2.   Contracts
              ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A


         3.   Lease arrangements
              ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A




                                                                                                                161
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      (II) GUARANTEE
                                                                             Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


             External Guarantee of the Company (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)
         Total guarantee incurred during the                                                         0
          reporting period (excluding those
          provided to subsidiaries)
         Total balance of guarantee as at the end                                                    0
          of the reporting period (A) (excluding
          those provided to subsidiaries)


                Guarantee provided to subsidiaries by the Company and its subsidiaries
         Total guarantee provided to subsidiaries                                          331,000,000
          of the Company during the reporting
          period
         Total balance of guarantee provided to                                            251,000,000
          subsidiaries of the Company as at the
          end of the reporting period (B)


               Total guarantee of the Company (including those provided to subsidiaries)
         Total guarantee (A+B)                                                             251,600,000
         Proportion of total guarantee in the net                                                  0.22
          assets of the Company (%)
         Including:
         Amount of guarantees provided to                                                            0
          shareholders, beneficial controllers and
          their related parties (C)
         Amount of debt guarantees directly or                                                       0
          indirectly provided for guaranteed
          parties with the gearing ratio
          exceeding 70% (D)
         Amount of the total guarantees                                                              0
          exceeding 50% of net assets (E)
         Total amount of above three guarantees                                                      0
          (C+D+E)
         Description on unexpired guarantees                                                       N/A
          that may be subject to joint liability
         Description of guarantee                         Guarantee provided to subsidiaries during the
                                                     reporting period mainly represented the guarantee
                                                        for customs duty issued to Guangzhou Qisheng
                                                         Powertrain Co., Ltd. by GAC Finance Company


162
                                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022




                                                                                     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



(III) ENTRUSTED CASH ASSETS MANAGEMENT
   1.   Entrusted wealth management


        ӗ Applicable            ✓ N/A


   2.   Entrusted loans
        As at 31 December 2022, details of the undue entrusted loans are shown in the table
        below.


                                                                                           Unit: 0’000 Yuan             Currency: RMB


                                                                     Commencement
                                                      Amount of      date of entrusted Termination date     Annualised rate
        Name of the borrower                          entrusted loan loans             of entrusted loans         of return   Actual recovery

        Hangzhou HAVECO Automobile Transmission       8,000.00       2021-11-9         2022-9-5                       4.35%   Expected to be
          Technology Co., Ltd. (关䃸❤禵刷婎髪⥉Ⳃ䤗轰僗                                                                                     recovered by
          ꡿⪝⺚)                                                                                                                   the end of June
                                                                                                                                 2023
        Hangzhou HAVECO Automobile Transmission       16,000.00      2022-4-8          2022-10-7                      4.35%   Expected to be
          Technology Co., Ltd. (关䃸❤禵刷婎髪⥉Ⳃ䤗轰僗                                                                                     recovered by
          ꡿⪝⺚)                                                                                                                   the end of June
                                                                                                                                 2023
        Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior Decoration 735.00         2021-10-16        2022-10-16                     3.85%   Repaid
          Co., Ltd. (ꝏ婻뜴劲硰婎髪㛚굞僗꡿⪝⺚)
        Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior Decoration 490.00         2021-4-12         2022-4-12                      3.85%   Repaid
          Co., Ltd. (ꝏ婻뜴劲硰婎髪㛚굞僗꡿⪝⺚)
        Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior Decoration 980.00         2021-11-4         2022-11-4                      3.85%   Repaid
          Co., Ltd. (ꝏ婻뜴劲硰婎髪㛚굞僗꡿⪝⺚)
        Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior Decoration 490.00         2021-4-12         2022-11-4                      3.85%   Repaid
          Co., Ltd. (ꝏ婻뜴劲硰婎髪㛚굞僗꡿⪝⺚)
        Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior Decoration 980.00         2021-11-4         2022-11-4                      3.85%   Repaid
          Co., Ltd. (ꝏ婻뜴劲硰婎髪㛚굞僗꡿⪝⺚)
        Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior Decoration 3,675.00       2022-10-14        2023-10-14                     3.65%   Undue
          Co., Ltd. (ꝏ婻뜴劲硰婎髪㛚굞僗꡿⪝⺚)




                                                                                                                                                   163
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      (IV) OTHER MATERIAL CONTRACTS
            ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A



  XIII.ÇÀXmX²ÀXy I §ª!00(² Iªw yyّ§Ç mX! X²²Çy!0 I
        A SHARES
      The non-public issuance of A shares of the Company was completed in November 2017 (details of
      which are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 17 November 2017).


      The shares issued under the non-public issuance of A shares are RMB denominated ordinary shares (A
      shares) with a nominal value of RMB1.00 per share listed on the SSE. The number of shares issued
      was 753,390,254 shares with an issue price of RMB19.91/A share. The net price to the Company of
      each security was RMB19.80. The five target subscribers for the non-public issuance of A shares
      are Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd, Guangzhou State-
      owned Assets Development Holdings Co., Ltd., GFHAM Wealth Management Select No.3 Private
      Investment Fund, Guangzhou Light Industry and Trade Group Co., Ltd. and Suiyong Holdings
      Co., Ltd. The closing price of A shares under the non-public issuance of A shares on 17 October
      2017, being the date on which the Company received the relevant approval from the CSRC, was
      RMB19.03.


      The actual amount of gross proceeds raised was RMB14,999,999,957.14 and the actual amount
      of net proceeds raised, after deducting the issuance expenses of RMB83,050,000.00 was
      RMB14,916,949,957.14.


      Proceeds from non-public issuance of A shares facilitated the comprehensive and sustainable
      development of the Company’s business. The implementation of the investment projects using the
      proceeds from the non-public issuance, on the one hand, further strengthened the research and
      development capability of the Company’s self-developed brands, promoted the establishment of
      its range of self-developed brands and enriched the product mix under such brands, while on the
      other hand, enabled the Company to keep abreast of future trend in new energy development of
      the vehicle industry, laying a solid foundation for the Company to seize a share in the new energy
      vehicle market. In addition, the proceeds from the non-public issuance optimised the Company’s
      capital structure and lowered the gearing ratio, which reduced the Company’s financial risk and
      cost of debt financing.


      Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised as at 31 December 2022 are set out below.




164
                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




                                                                                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



As at 31 December 2022
As at 31 December 2022, the amount of proceeds brought forward was RMB1,705,453,316.42
whereas the total cumulative amount of utilised proceeds was RMB12,938,048,194.51 (inclusive of
issuance expenses). There was no inconsistency between the utilisation of the proceeds and the
original intended use.


Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised are set out below:


                                                                                    Unit: 0’000 Yuan            Currency: RMB


                                                                        Total
                                                                   amount of
                                                                  investment
                                                                 commitment
                                                                    from the        Amount      Cumulative
                                                                    proceeds    invested for        amount        Estimated time
No. Investment project                                                 raised      this year       invested       of completion



1     New energy vehicles and R&D of prospective technology       480,000.00            0.00      479,422.30      Completed
        project
2     GAEI phase 1 base expansion project                           60,000.00       2,760.09       47,857.48      December 2023
3     GAEI phase 2 base construction project                       100,000.00        6,147.95      76,518.68      Completed
4     GAC proprietary brand project of Xinjiang                     80,000.00           0.00       22,782.95      Completed
5     GAC improvement project of Hangzhou                          220,000.00           0.00       152,350.38     Completed
6     GAC proprietary brands technological reformation project     250,000.00           0.02       212,165.22     Completed
7     GAC proprietary brands vehicle models projects               215,000.00           0.00      201,784.36      Completed
7.1   GAMC A16 project                                              20,000.00           0.00       18,780.34      Completed
7.2   GAMC A35 project                                              35,000.00           0.00       32,329.64      Completed
7.3   GAMC A5H project                                              30,000.00           0.00       30,547.98      Completed
7.4   GAMC A10 project                                              40,000.00           0.00        36,841.51     Completed
7.5   GAMC A30 project                                              15,000.00           0.00       15,000.00      Completed
7.6   GAMC A32 project                                              10,000.00           0.00       10,000.00      Completed
7.7   GAMC A06 project                                              35,000.00           0.00       35,140.89      Completed
7.8   GAMC A7M project                                              30,000.00           0.00       23,144.00      Completed
8     GAMC engine project                                           50,000.00           0.00       48,581.73      Completed
9     GAMC gearbox project                                          30,000.00           8.54       29,036.72      Completed
10    P6 gearbox development project                                15,000.00           0.00       15,000.00      Completed
      Issuance expenses                                                     –           0.00        8,305.00      –
      Total                                                      1,500,000.00       8,916.60    1,293,804.82




                                                                                                                                   165
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      The Group expects to continue to invest the unused proceeds raised from the non-public issuance
      in each of the above unfinished projects in accordance with the respective amount of investment
      commitment and expected time of completion, and in order taking into account the importance
      and urgency of each project.


      For further information on the utilisation of proceeds raised from the non-public issuance, please
      refer to the “2022 Annual Specific Report on the Deposit and Utilisation of the Proceeds by
      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.” published by the Company on 29 March 2023 by way of
      overseas regulatory announcement.




166
                                                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022



 Chapter 9

 Changes in Shares and
 Information on Shareholders
I.   CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

     (I)   STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHARES
                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: share


                                                           Before change                       Increase/decrease in the change (+,-)                             After change
                                                                                                          Conversion
                                                                                                                from
                                                                                                         contributed
                                                                     Percentage    Issue of                   capital                                                    Percentage
                                                         Number             (%) new shares Bonus issue        surplus         Others      Subtotal          Number               (%)

           I. Restricted Shares                        102,101,330          0.98                                          -38,401,047    -38,401,047      63,700,283             0.61
              1. State-owned Shares
              2. Shares held by state-owned
                      legal person
              3. Shares held by other domestic
                      entities
                                                       102,101,330                                                                       -38,401,047      63,700,283             0.61
                  Including: Shares held by
                      domestic non-state-owned
                      legal persons
                  Shares held by domestic natural
                      persons                          102,101,330                                                                       -38,401,047      63,700,283
              4. Shares held by foreign entities
                  Including: Shares held by
                      overseas legal persons
                  Shares held by overseas natural
                      persons
           II. Non-restricted tradable shares       10,268,491,495         99.02                                           154,971,913                 10,423,463,408           99.39
              1. RMB-denominated ordinary
                      shares                         7,169,871,190         69.14                                           154,971,913                  7,324,843,103           69.85
              2. Domestically-listed foreign
                      shares
              3. Overseas listed foreign shares     3,098,620,305          29.88                                                                       3,098,620,305            29.55
              4. Others
           III. Total shares                        10,370,592,825          100                                            116,570,866                  10,487,163,691           100




                                                                                                                                                                                        167
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



         Explanation on changes in shares
         During the reporting period, as a result of the conversion of convertible corporate bonds,
         there was an increase of 93,364,832 A shares; meanwhile, as a result of 2020 A share option
         and restricted share incentive scheme entering the first exercise period and unlocking period
         on 11 December 2022, an aggregate of additional 23,206,034 A shares have been issued upon
         exercise of share options, and 38,401,047 restricted A shares were unlocked, available for
         trading in the market.


         Effect of changes in shares on financial indicators such as earnings per share and net
         assets per share for the most recent year and most recent period (if any)


         ӗ Applicable            ✓ N/A


         Other disclosure deemed necessary by the Company or required by securities
         regulatory authorities


         ӗ Applicable            ✓ N/A



      (II) CHANGES IN SHARES SUBJECT TO TRADING MORATORIUM
                                                                                                                                      Unit: share


                                                 Number of                         Increase in      Number of
                                              shares subject      Number of     the number of    shares subject
                                                  to trading shares released    shares subject       to trading
                                              moratorium at     from trading        to trading   moratorium at Reasons            Date of
                                              the beginning     moratorium        moratorium     the end of the for trading       lifting trading
         Name of shareholder                     of the year during the year during the year              year moratorium         moratorium

         2020 A share option and restricted       102,101,330      38,401,047               0        63,700,283 Share incentive   12 December 2022
            share incentive scheme of the
            Company
         Total                                    102,101,330      38,401,047               0        63,700,283 /                 /


         Note: During the reporting period, shares subject to trading moratorium were restricted shares granted
                  to the participants pursuant to the 2020 A share option and restricted share incentive scheme of
                  the Company; of which certain restricted shares will be cancelled in accordance with procedures
                  due to its failure to comply with unlocking conditions.




168
                                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022




                 Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



II.   ISSUE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES


      (I)   ISSUE OF SECURITIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                   Unit: share     Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                           Number of
                                                                            Issue price                                 shares traded
            Class of shares and their derivative                            (or interest     Number of Date of            with listing   Expiration date
              securities stock                             Date of issue          rate)    shares issued listing             approval         of trading



            Corporate Bonds (Phase one) of Guangzhou
              Automobile Group Co., Ltd. In 2012 (10 years) 20 March 2013         5.09%    3,000,000,000 9 April 2013    3,000,000,000    20 March 2023




      (II) CHANGES IN TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS
           STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY AND CHANGES IN ASSETS AND
           LIABILITIES STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY
            ӗ Applicable           ✓ N/A




                                                                                                                                                           169
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



  III. I N F O R M A T I O N O N S H A R E H O L D E R S A N D U L T I M A T E
       CONTROLLER

      (I)   TOTAL NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS
            Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end of the
             reporting period                                                            141,551
            Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end of the month
             prior to the disclosure of the annual report                                161,222




170
                                                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




           Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



(II) S H A R E H O L D I N G O F T O P T E N S H A R E H O L D E R S , T O P T E N
     SHAREHOLDERS OF CIRCULATING SHARES (OR HOLDERS OF
     SHARES NOT SUBJECT TO TRADING MORATORIUM) AS AT END OF
     THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                                                    Unit: Share


                                                                       Shareholding of top ten shareholders
                                                Increase/                                           Number of
                                                decrease          Number of                        shares held
                                               during the      shares held at                          subject
                                                reporting the end of the                             to trading   Pledged, tagged or frozen
    Name of shareholder(Full name)                period               period Percentage (%)       moratorium         Status         Number Nature of shareholder

    GAIGNote 1                                  8,220,000        5,508,160,069           52.52                0           Nil                  State-owned legal person
    HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITEDNote 2                  284,608        3,095,083,326           29.51                0           Nil                  Foreign legal person
    Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity
        Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd.
        (䊷䃸ⵜ㑲㛿瞪罆垶䤸鞳㓹ꄌ留杼僗 ꡿⪝⺚)                   -1,196,784        396,030,558             3.78                0           Nil                  State-owned legal person
    Guangzhou Industrial Investment and
        Capital Operation Holding Group Ltd.    -8,102,047         143,973,553            1.37                0           Nil                  State-owned legal person
    Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets
        Management Co, Ltd. – GFHAM Wealth
        Management Select No. 3 Private
        Investment Fund (䊷䃸ꄌ䫝鞳榣留杼僗꡿⪝
        ⺚–䊷ꄌ鞳榣靸㳫 留杼⨣鹠3谜熗ⳓ䤸鞳㓹ꄌ)                           ‫ٶٶى‬       140,738,735            1.34                0           Nil                  Other
    Shanghai Pu-Xing Energy Limited (俋佔纺耇                                                                                                      Domestic non-state-owned
        罆♷⪝⺚)                                   2,809,974         105,999,974              1.01               0           Nil                     legal person
    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company
        Limited                                 52,781,643         74,842,927             0.71                0           Nil                  Foreign legal person
    Guangzhou Light Industry & Trade Group
        Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸魌䄄䄄鞥꥘㎯僗꡿⪝⺚)                -1,652,628          51,084,691            0.49                0           Nil                  State-owned legal person
    Yuan He                                       416,100           25,202,341            0.24                0           Nil                  Domestic natural person
    National Social Insurance Fund 502
        Package                                          –         23,802,097             0.23                0           Nil                  Other




                                                                                                                                                                          171
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



                            Particulars of shareholdings of the top ten holders of tradable shares not subject to trading moratorium
                                                                                       Number of tradable                Class and number of shares
                                                                                      shares not subject to
        Name of shareholder                                                            trading moratorium Class                                         Number

        GAIG Note 1                                                                             5,508,160,069 A shares, H shares                   5,508,160,069
        HKSCC Nominees Limited   Note 2
                                                                                                3,095,083,326 Overseas listed foreign shares       3,095,083,326
        Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (䊷                  396,030,558 RMB ordinary shares                     396,030,558
           䃸ⵜ㑲㛿瞪罆垶䤸鞳㓹ꄌ留杼僗꡿⪝⺚)
        Guangzhou Industrial Investment and Capital Operation Holding Group Ltd. (䊷               143,973,553 RMB ordinary shares                    143,973,553
           䃸榣哅䤸鞳䫝罆꥘㎯僗꡿⪝⺚)
        Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets Management Co., Ltd. – GFHAM Wealth                     140,738,735 RMB ordinary shares                    140,738,735
           Management Select No. 3 Private Investment Fund (䊷䃸ꄌ䫝鞳榣留杼僗꡿⪝
           ⺚–䊷ꄌ鞳榣靸㳫留杼⨣鹠3谜熗ⳓ䤸鞳㓹ꄌ)
        Shanghai Pu-Xing Energy Limited (俋佔纺耇罆♷⪝⺚)                                                105,999,974 RMB ordinary shares                    105,999,974
        Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                                             74,842,927 RMB ordinary shares                      74,842,927
        Guangzhou Light Industry & Trade Group Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸魌䄄䄄鞥꥘㎯僗꡿⪝⺚)                            51,084,691 RMB ordinary shares                      51,084,691
        Yuan He                                                                                    25,202,341 RMB ordinary shares                     25,202,341
        National Social Security Fund 502 (⪓㎜炙⟊㓹ꄌ◑ꦻ◅磞⺭)                                           23,802,097 RMB ordinary shares                      23,802,097
        Related relationship or concerted party relationship among the above          GAIG, the largest shareholder of the Company, is not related to any of the
           shareholders                                                                  above shareholders, nor is it a party acting in concert with any of them,
                                                                                         and it is not known to the Company whether other shareholders are
                                                                                         related to each other or whether they are parties acting in concert.


        Note 1:       GAIG held 5,206,932,069 A shares of the Company in total, representing approximately 70.47%
                      of the A share capital of the Company. At the same time, during the reporting period, GAIG
                      increased its holding of 8,220,000 H Shares through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong
                      Kong Stock Connect, and as of the end of the reporting period, it held 301,228,000 H shares
                      of the Company in total through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
                      and Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary), representing
                      approximately 9.72% of the H share capital of the Company. The total number of A and H
                      shares of the Company held by GAIG was 5,508,160,069 shares, representing approximately
                      52.52% of the total share capital of the Company;


        Note 2:       H shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited were held on behalf of a number of clients.
                      H shares of the Company held by Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited are also
                      registered in trust with HKSCC Nominees Limited.




172
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2022




            Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



        Number of shares subject to trading moratorium held by top 10 shareholders and
        conditions of trading moratorium


        ӗ Applicable    ✓ N/A



  (III) STRATEGIC INVESTOR OR ORDINARY LEGAL PERSON BECOMING
        TOP 10 SHAREHOLDERS AFTER PLACING OF NEW SHARES
        ӗ Applicable    ✓ N/A



IV. STATUS OF CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND ULTIMATE
    CONTROLLER

  (I)   CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
        1    Legal person
             Name                                    Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd.
             Responsible person of the institution   Zeng Qinghong
               or legal representative
             Date of establishment                   18 October 2000
             Principal business                      Investment in the research and development,
                                                       manufacturing and marketing of automobile,
                                                       motorcycle and components, automobile
                                                       service trade and other relevant industries;
                                                       Investment in automobile finance and other
                                                       financial sectors; Investment in self-owned
                                                       land development projects and related real
                                                       estate projects and property management.
             Equity interests in other controlled    Nil
               and invested companies whose
               shares were listed in the PRC or
               overseas during the reporting
               period
             Other matters                           Nil

        2    Natural person
             ӗ Applicable       ✓ N/A


        3    Special explanation on absence of a controlling shareholder of the Company
             ӗ Applicable       ✓ N/A




                                                                                                          173
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



         4   Explanation of changes of the controlling shareholder during the reporting
             period
             ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A


         5   Chart showing the ownership and controlling relationship between the
             Company and the controlling shareholder (as of the date of this report)


               Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd.

                                      52.52%

              GuangZhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.



      (II) ULTIMATE CONTROLLER
         1   Legal person
             The ultimate controller of the Company is Guangzhou State-Owned Assets
             Administration Bureau, which is a department directly under the Guangzhou Municipal
             People’s Government, and as authorised by the Guangzhou Municipal People’s
             Government. It performs the obligation of the investor on behalf of the Guangzhou
             Municipal People’s Government and is responsible for the supervision of municipal
             state-owned assets.


         2   Natural person
             ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A


         3   Special explanation on absence of an ultimate controller of the Company
             ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A


         4   Details about changes of control over the Company during the reporting period
             ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A




174
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2022




            Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



        5     Chart showing the ownership and controlling relationship between the
              Company and the ultimate controller (as of the date of this report)


              Stale-Owned Assets Administration
                                                                %FQBSUNFOUPG'JOBODF
               Bureau of Guangzhou Municipal
                                                                PG(VBOHEPOH1SPWJODF
                     People's Government

                     90%                                                    10%


                                          Guangzhou Automobile
                                          Industry Group Co., ltd.


                                                       52.52%

                                          Guangzhou Automobile
                                              Group Co., ltd.


        6     The ultimate controller controlled the Company through a trust or other asset
              management company
              ӗ Applicable        ✓ N/A



   (Ill) OTHER INFORMATION OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND
         THE ULTIMATE CONTROLLER
        ӗ Applicable      ✓ N/A



V. OTHER CORPORATE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING MORE THAN
   10% SHARES OF THE COMPANY
   ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A



VI. RESTRICTION ON REDUCTION IN SHAREHOLDING
   ӗ Applicable   ✓ N/A




                                                                                                          175
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



  VII. SPECIFIC IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE REPURCHASE DURING
       THE REPORTING PERIOD
      ӗ Applicable      ✓ N/A



  VIII. INTERESTS REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE SFO
      As at 31 December 2022, the names of the persons (other than directors and supervisors) entitled to
      exercise 5% or more of the voting rights at any general meeting of the Company and the number
      of shares, as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336
      of the SFO are set out below:


                                                                                          Percentage in
                                                                          Number of         the class of   Percentage
                                                                               shares      issued share of total share
      Name                      Class of shares   Capacity                   (Note 1)        capital (%)   capital (%)

      GAIG (Note 2)             A shares          Beneficial owner      5,206,932,069             70.47          49.65
                                                                                    (L)
                                H shares          Interest of a        301,228,000 (L)              9.72          2.87
                                                    controlled
                                                    corporation
      FMR LLC                   H shares          Interest of a        247,893,556 (L)             8.00           2.36
                                                    controlled
                                                    corporation
      JPMorgan Chase & Co.      H shares          Investment manager    183,243,531(L)              5.91          1.75
                                                                          14,122,461(S)            0.46           0.13
                                                                       40,875,580 (P)               1.32          0.39
      BlackRock, Inc.           H shares          Interest of a        180,331,295 (L)              5.82          1.72
                                                    controlled
                                                    corporation




176
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022




                Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



   Notes:


   1.       (L) – Long Position, (S) – Short Position, (P) – Lending Pool


   2.       As at 31 December 2022, the total number of A shares of the Company actually held by GAIG was
            5,206,932,069 shares, representing approximately 70.47% of the A share capital of the Company. At the
            same time, GAIG increased its holdings of 8,220,000 H shares of the Company through Southbound
            Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect during the reporting period. As of the end of reporting
            period, through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Guangzhou Auto
            Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary) GAIG held 301,228,000 H shares of the Company
            in total, representing approximately 9.72% of the H share capital of the Company. The total number of A
            and H shares of the Company held by GAIG was 5,508,160,069 shares, representing approximately 52.52%
            of the total share capital of the Company.



IX. PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF
    THE COMPANY
   The Company has not redeemed any of its listed securities during the year. Neither the Company
   nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of the listed securities of the Company
   during the year. On 13 March 2023, with reference to the unusual changes in the participants of
   the Company’s 2020 A share option and restricted share incentive scheme (such as retirement,
   resignation, assessment, etc.), the restricted shares granted to ineligible participants have been
   repurchased and cancelled on SSE. A total of 7,327,392 restricted shares have been repurchased,
   with the aggregate price paid being RMB33,779,078.31.



å‫§ خ‬ª0ّ0w§ÀXß0ªXJRÀ²y(§Ç mX!ImÀ
   There is no provision for pre-emptive rights of the shareholders in the Articles of Association and
   the relevant laws, and they are not entitled to ask the Company to issue shares to them pre-
   emptively in proportion to their shareholding.


   Based on the information publicly available and to the knowledge of the directors, as at the latest
   practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, the Company has met the minimum
   requirement on public float of H shares under the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                     177
      Chapter 10

      BONDS
  I.   BASIC INFORMATION OF CORPORATE BONDS
                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan              Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                    Method of
                                                                                                                                    repayment of
                                                                           Interest                                   Interest rate principal and        Trading
       Name of bond                      Abbreviation Code    Date of issue accrual date Due date         Balances             (%) interest              place

       Corporate Bonds (Phase one) of    12GAC02     122243   2013-03-20   2013-03-20    2023-03-20   3,000,000,000          5.09% Simple interest per   SSE
          Guangzhou Automobile Group                                                                                                   annum
          Co., Ltd. in 2012 (10 years)


       Note: The principal and interest of the corporate bonds 12GAC02 have been fully settled and delisted upon its
                   expiry on 20 March.


       INTEREST PAYMENT OF BONDS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD


       Name of bond                                               Description of interest payment

       Corporate Bonds (Phase one) of                             During the reporting period, the interest on “12GAC02”
          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co.,                            was timely paid in accordance with the terms set out in
          Ltd. in 2012 (10 years)                                    the prospectus. The coupon rate is 5.09%, one board lot
                                                                     of “12GAC02” with par value of RMB1,000 was entitled to
                                                                     interest of RMB50.90 (tax inclusive).




178
                                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022




                                                                                                                                     BONDS



      INTERMEDIARIES PROVIDING SERVICES FOR ISSUANCE OF BONDS AND BUSINESS DURING
      ITS DURATION


                                                                                                      Name of signatory
      Name of intermediary                   Office address                                           accountant             Contact number



      China International Capital            27th Floor and 28th Floor, China World Office 2, 1       Cheng Daming           010-6505 1166
        Corporation Limited                      Jianguomenwai Avenue, Beijing




II.   USE OF FUNDS RAISED AS AT END OF REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                      Is there
                                                                                                                                      consistency with
                                                                                                                        Rectification the purpose, using
                                                                                                        Operation (if      (if any) of plan and other
                                                                                                          any) of the   violations for commitments
                                                      Gross funds                                     special account     using funds promised in the
      Name of bond                                         raised    Amount used Amount unused for funds raised                raised prospectus

      Corporate Bonds (Phase one) of Guangzhou       3,000,000,000   3,000,000,000                0                 –              – Yes
        Automobile Group Co., Ltd. in 2012 (10
        years)




                                                                                                                                                         179
  BONDS



      PROGRESS AND OPERATING EFFICIENCY OF RAISED FUNDS USED FOR CONSTRUCTION
      PROJECTS
      The proceeds were fully utilised to supplement cash flow of the Company in accordance with the
      use of proceeds as set out in the prospectus.


      DESCRIPTION ON CHANGES OF USE OF FUNDS RAISED FROM THE ABOVE BONDS DURING
      THE REPORTING PERIOD
      ӗ Applicable    ✓ N/A



  III. ADJUSTMENTS TO CREDIT RATING RESULTS
      ӗ Applicable    ✓ N/A



  IV. IMPLEMENTATION AND CHANGES ON GUARANTEE, DEBT
      REPAYMENT PLANS AND OTHER DEBT REPAYMENT
      PROTECTIVE MEASURES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
      AND THEIR IMPACTS
      ӗ Applicable    ✓ N/A



  V. OTHER INFORMATION OF CORPORATE BONDS
      ӗ Applicable    ✓ N/A



  VI. INFORMATION ON CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS
      On 22 January 2016, the Company completed the issue of A share convertible bonds amounting
      to RMB4,105.58 million. The conversion period started on 22 July 2016. As of 21 January 2022 (the
      maturity date), an aggregate of RMB3,033,860,000 of such bonds have been converted into
      shares of the Company, resulting in the cumulative number of shares converted from such bonds
      reaching 178,207,257 shares. The principal amount of the redemption for the matured bonds during
      the reporting period is RMB1,071,717,000, and the total amount of the redemption for the matured
      bonds is RMB1,136,020,020.00 (tax inclusive), the payment of which has been completed on 24
      January 2022.




180
                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022




    INDEPENDENT
    AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the shareholders of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are set out on pages 192 to 352, comprise:


•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2022;


•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and


•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies, and other
      explanatory information.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.




                                                                                                                            181
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  Basis for Opinion
  We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit
  of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.


  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
  opinion.


  Independence
  We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
  (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.



  Key Audit Matters
  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
  of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
  our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
  not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


  Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


  •     Warranty provisions


  •     Impairment assessment of capitalised development costs


  •     Impairment assessment on the goodwill included in investment in a joint venture




182
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matter                                           How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Warranty provisions


Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates                We have met management of the Company, the Major
and judgements) and Note 27 (Provisions) to the               Joint Ventures, GAC Motor and GAC AION and have
consolidated financial statements.                            discussed with them and evaluated the impact on the
                                                              Group’s financial statements of warranty provisions
As at 31 December 2022, the warranty provisions of the        relating to Major Joint Ventures, GAC Motor and
Group amounted to approximately RMB935,727,000                GAC AION.
(Note 27).
                                                              Procedures performed on warranty provisions of
The Group mainly produced and sold passenger                  Major Joint Ventures, GAC Motor and GAC AION,
vehicles through its joint ventures GAC Honda                 included:
Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC Honda”), GAC Toyota
Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Toyota”) and GAC Mitsubishi             – We understood and evaluated management’s
Motors Co., Ltd. (“GAC Mitsubishi”) (collectively “Major        process and controls over recording provisions
Joint Ventures”) and its subsidiaries, GAC Motor                for product warranties and assessed the inherent
Co., Ltd. (“GAC Motor”) and GAC AION New Energy                 risk of material misstatement by considering the
Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC AION”).                              degree of estimation uncertainty and other inherent
                                                                risk factors.
The Group’s joint ventures were accounted for using
the equity method. The warranty provisions relating to        – We evaluated management’s warranty provision
the Major Joint Ventures were considered significant            model and tested the calculations therein. This
to the Company’s consolidated financial statements.             included evaluating the key assumptions through
                                                                reviewing the legal and contractual terms,
                                                                comparing the assumptions to the historical data,
                                                                analysing the expected unit cost of repair and
                                                                returns of each vehicle type at each year of the
                                                                warranty period, testing sales volume of each
                                                                vehicle type to the supporting documents and
                                                                recalculating the warranty provisions.




                                                                                                                       183
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  Key Audit Matter                                           How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


  Warranty provisions (continued)


  Provisions for warranties granted by the Group’s Major        – In respect of the provisions for warranties previously
  Joint Ventures, GAC Motor and GAC AION for the                  recorded and subsequently settled during the
  passenger vehicles sold are recognised based on                 year, we compared the provision amount with the
  sales volume and past experience of the level of                settlement amount and investigated, if significant
  repair and returns, discounted to their present values          variance existed, the reasonableness of the
  as appropriate.                                                 reassessment of the adequacy of the provisions for
                                                                  warranties previously made by the management.
  We focused on auditing the warranty provisions                  We discussed with management the existence
  because the estimation of costs in respect of future            of any indicators of significant product defect
  warranty claims is subject to high degree of estimation         occurred during the year and subsequent to year
  uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to warranty          end that would significantly affect the estimates
  provisions is considered significant due to subjectivity        of the year-end warranty provisions.
  of significant assumptions used in determining the
  costs.                                                        – We also considered whether the judgements made
                                                                  in selecting the significant assumptions would give
                                                                  rise to indicators of possible management bias.


                                                                We found that management judgements and
                                                                estimates associated with GAC Motor’s and GAC
                                                                AION’s warranty provisions were supported by
                                                                available evidence.


                                                                We found that, in the context of our audit of
                                                                consolidated financial statements of the Company,
                                                                Major Joint Ventures’ management judgements and
                                                                estimates associated with their respective warranty
                                                                provisions in respect of the Group’s share of the profit
                                                                or loss and net assets of Major Joint Ventures were
                                                                supported by available evidence.




184
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment assessment of capitalised development costs


Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and           We understood and evaluated management’s process
judgements) and Note 10 (Intangible assets) to the           and controls to identify the impairment indicators
consolidated financial statements.                           for capitalised development costs in use and
                                                             assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement
As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of               by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
the Group’s capitalised development costs, after             and other inherent risk factors.
considering the impairment provision, which arose
from development expenditure on the Group’s                  The recoverable amount of the capitalised development
various types of self-developed passenger vehicle            costs subject to impairment testing was determined
projects and were classified as intangible assets            based on value in use, which was the present value
on the consolidated balance sheet, amounted to               of the future cash flows expected to be derived, and
approximately RMB12,967,474,000. An impairment               we performed the following procedures:
charge of approximately RMB1,088,471,000 has
been recognised for capitalised development costs of         We obtained and understood management’s
certain types of passenger vehicles in the consolidated      calculations of value in use and assessed the
statement of comprehensive income for the year               methodology applied.
ended 31 December 2022.
                                                             We tested the consistency and assessed the
Capitalised development costs not yet in use are tested      reasonableness of the data used and management’s
for impairment annually. Capitalised development             key assumptions adopted in the future cash flow
costs in use are reviewed for impairment whenever            projections, mainly in relation to:
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount may not be recoverable.                      – the budgeted sales and gross margin, by
                                                               comparing them with actual performance and
                                                               historical financial data, if any. For the budgeted
                                                               sales, we also compared to the Group’s strategic
                                                               plan, and future market growth as forecasted and
                                                               sourced from independent parties;




                                                                                                                      185
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


  Impairment assessment of capitalised development costs
  (continued)


  Management has assessed the recoverable amount               – the growth rate of revenue, by comparing it with
  of capitalised development costs for each type of              the relevant economic and industry forecasts,
  passenger vehicles to be their value in use in order           including certain forecasts sourced from
  to determine the impairment charge, if any.                    independent parties; and


  We focused on auditing the impairment assessment of          – discount rate, by comparing it with the cost of
  capitalised development costs because management’s             capital of comparable companies.
  assessment of impairment involved complex and
  subjective judgements and assumptions, such as               We performed sensitivity analysis on the key
  future cash flow projections using revenue, gross            assumptions of the cash flow forecasts by considering
  margin, growth rate of revenue and discount rate. The        the likelihood of such a movement in those key
  estimation of the recoverable amount is subject to high      assumptions arising.
  degree of estimation uncertainty. The inherent risk in
  relation to the impairment assessment of capitalised         We also considered whether the judgements made in
  development costs is considered significant due              selecting the significant assumptions and data would
  to subjectivity of significant assumptions used by           give rise to indicators of possible management bias.
  management and significant judgements involved in
  selecting data.                                              We found the key assumptions made by the
                                                               management in relation to the value in use calculations
                                                               to be reasonable based on the available evidence.




186
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment assessment on the goodwill included in
investment in a joint venture (the “Goodwill Impairment
Assessment”)


Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and           We assessed the competency, capabilities and
judgements) and Note 11 (Investments in joint                objectivity of the External Valuer.
ventures and associates) to the consolidated financial
statements.                                                  We obtained an understanding of the management’s
                                                             internal controls and assessment process of the
As at 31 December 2022, the Group has goodwill of            Goodwill Impairment Assessment and assessed the
approximately RMB2,895,293,000 in relation to its            inherent risk of material misstatement by considering
investment in a joint venture, GAC Mitsubishi.               the degree of estimation uncertainty and other
                                                             inherent risk factors.
Management assessed the recoverable amount of the
investment in GAC Mitsubishi with the assistance of an       We evaluated the outcome of prior period assessment
independent external valuer (the “External Valuer”) and      of the Goodwill Impairment Assessment to assess the
recognized an impairment charge of approximately             effectiveness of management’s estimation process.
RMB1,506,000,000 for the investment in GAC
Mitsubishi. This conclusion was based on fair value          We evaluated and tested the key controls over the
less cost of disposal model, applying discounted cash        Goodwill Impairment Assessment.
flow method, which involved significant management
judgements with respect to the discount rate and the         We obtained and understood the Goodwill Impairment
underlying cash flows, in particular future revenue          Assessment to assess whether or not the recoverable
growth.                                                      amount of the investment in GAC Mitsubishi was
                                                             below its carrying value.


                                                             We assessed the methodology applied and the
                                                             appropriateness of the key assumptions used in
                                                             the management’s cash flow forecast, including
                                                             comparing the revenue growth rates with historical
                                                             results and published industrial forecasts issued by
                                                             recognised third party industry analysts.




                                                                                                                      187
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


  Impairment assessment on the goodwill included in
  investment in a joint venture (the “Goodwill Impairment
  Assessment”) (continued)


  We focused on auditing the Goodwill Impairment                  We assessed the discount rate by evaluating the cost
  Assessment because the estimation of recoverable                of capital for the investment in GAC Mitsubishi and
  amount is subject to high degree of estimation                  selected comparable companies with the involvement
  uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to the Goodwill      of our internal valuation specialists.
  Impairment Assessment is considered significant due
  to subjectivity of significant assumptions used by              We performed sensitivity analysis on the key
  management and significant judgements involved in               assumptions of the cash flow forecasts by considering
  selecting data.                                                 the likelihood of such a movement in those key
                                                                  assumptions arising.


                                                                  We also considered whether the judgements made in
                                                                  selecting the significant assumptions and data would
                                                                  give rise to indicators of possible management bias.


                                                                  We found the key assumptions made by the
                                                                  management in relation to the fair value less cost of
                                                                  disposal calculations to be reasonable based on the
                                                                  available evidence.




188
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of
the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                                       189
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
  whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
  includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not
  assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
  assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
  HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
  and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
  the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


  As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
  scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


  •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
        due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
        evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
        material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
        collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


  •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
        are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
        of the Group’s internal control.


  •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
        and related disclosures made by the directors.


  •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
        based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
        that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
        that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
        disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
        opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
        However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




190
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
      and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
      responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible
      for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lam, Wai Nang.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, 29 March 2023




                                                                                                                           191
      CONSOLIDATED
      BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                      2022             2021
                                                                          Note     RMB’000          RMB’000

      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                       7       20,760,618       19,475,570
      Right-of-use assets                                                 8        7,014,484        6,817,666
      Investment properties                                               9        1,019,895        1,871,624
      Intangible assets                                                   10      14,471,175       13,581,219
      Investments in joint ventures and associates                        11      37,810,779       36,926,987
      Deferred income tax assets                                          13       3,715,494        2,833,925
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   14       1,713,626        1,597,702
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               15       2,169,235        1,945,627
      Prepayments and other long-term receivables                         16       9,607,293        8,008,623


                                                                                  98,282,599       93,058,943


      Current assets
      Inventories                                                         17      12,361,830        8,110,960
      Trade and other receivables                                         18      31,596,519       25,110,073
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   14       4,089,676          709,064
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               15       4,219,724        3,225,636
      Time deposits                                                       19       3,325,724        5,176,560
      Restricted cash                                                     20       1,976,589        1,624,390
      Cash and cash equivalents                                           21      34,222,113       17,234,963


                                                                                  91,792,175       61,191,646


      Total assets                                                               190,074,774      154,250,589


      LIABILITIES
      Non-current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                            25       1,010,027          773,048
      Borrowings                                                          26       5,697,283        7,526,724
      Lease liabilities                                                    8       1,297,402        1,270,196
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                     13         132,400          144,418
      Provisions                                                          27         682,268          559,341
      Government grants                                                   28       2,182,978        2,195,521
      Contract liabilities                                                6(a)        81,724                –


                                                                                  11,084,082       12,469,248


192
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2022




                                                    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2022                  2021
                                                                   Note         RMB’000               RMB’000



 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                           25        40,125,814            35,863,483
 Contract liabilities                                               6(a)       1,943,158             2,626,902
 Current income tax liabilities                                                  184,999               202,040
 Borrowings                                                         26        13,812,828             9,888,738
 Lease liabilities                                                  8            276,839               193,531
 Provisions                                                         27           344,740               357,862


                                                                              56,688,378            49,132,556


 Total liabilities                                                            67,772,460            61,601,804


 Net assets                                                                  122,302,314            92,648,785


 EQUITY
 Share capital                                                      22        10,487,164            10,370,593
 Reserves                                                           24        46,750,366            29,345,460
 Retained earnings                                                  24        56,051,176            50,597,258


 Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company                  113,288,706            90,313,311
 Non-controlling interests                                                     9,013,608             2,335,474


 Total equity                                                                122,302,314            92,648,785


The notes on pages 200 to 352 are an integral part of these financial statements.


The financial statements on pages 192 to 199 were approved by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023
and were signed on its behalf:




Zeng Qinghong                                             Feng Xingya
Director                                                  Director



                                                                                                                 193
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2022            2021
                                                                       Note       RMB’000         RMB’000


      Revenue                                                           6       110,006,437     75,675,765
      Cost of sales                                                     29     (105,549,528)   (71,776,845)


      Gross profit                                                                4,456,909      3,898,920

      Selling and distribution costs                                    29       (4,228,464)    (4,339,756)
      Administrative expenses                                           29       (5,486,890)    (4,556,045)
      Net impairment losses on financial assets                        3.1.2       (634,641)      (143,468)
      Interest income                                                   32          160,656        257,438
      Other (losses)/gains – net                                        31         (935,421)     1,257,349


      Operating loss                                                             (6,667,851)    (3,625,562)

      Interest income                                                   32          330,520         58,558
      Finance costs                                                     33         (351,026)      (425,316)
      Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates accounted
        for using the equity method                                     11      14,065,159      11,403,900


      Profit before income tax                                                    7,376,802      7,411,580

      Income tax credit                                                 34         535,540        154,117


      Profit for the year                                                         7,912,342      7,565,697

      Profit is attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                       7,982,930      7,511,030
      Non-controlling interests                                                     (70,588)        54,667


                                                                                  7,912,342      7,565,697




194
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2022                  2021
                                                                      Note      RMB’000               RMB’000


 Other comprehensive loss

 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    – exchange differences on translation of foreign operations       24,35            6,839             (3,296)
    – changes in the fair value of debt instruments
        at fair value through other comprehensive (loss)/income        35             (6,531)             3,129
    – impairment loss on debt instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                     35              1,537                718
    – share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of joint ventures
        and associates accounted for using the equity method          24,35              (30)               112
    – income tax relating to these items                              24,35            1,024                  –
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    – changes in the fair value of equity investments
        at fair value through other comprehensive loss                 35           (140,356)          (364,899)
    – share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of joint ventures
        and associates accounted for using the equity method          24,35          58,554             (64,742)
    – remeasurement of post-employment benefit obligations                              860               (4,240)
    – income tax relating to these items                              24,35          35,875            130,543


 Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                                   (42,228)          (302,675)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                        7,870,114            7,263,022


 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                          7,942,655            7,206,568
 Non-controlling interests                                                        (72,541)              56,454


                                                                                7,870,114            7,263,022


 Earnings per share for profit attributable to ordinary equity
  holders of the Company (expressed in RMB per share)
  – basic earnings per share                                           36               0.77               0.73


   – diluted earnings per share                                        36               0.77               0.73


The notes on pages 200 to 352 are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                                                                                                    195
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                         Non-
                                              Share                    Retained                    controlling       Total
                                             capital     Reserves      earnings        Total         interests      equity
                                            RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


      Balance as at 1 January 2021         10,349,697   28,928,263    45,097,071    84,375,031      2,338,597    86,713,628


      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                           -            -     7,511,030     7,511,030         54,667     7,565,697
      Other comprehensive (loss)/income,
       net of tax                                   -     (304,462)            -      (304,462)         1,787      (302,675)


      Total comprehensive (loss)/income             -     (304,462)    7,511,030     7,206,568         56,454     7,263,022


      Transfer of gains on disposal of
       financial instruments to retained
       earnings (Note 24(i))                        -      (59,770)      59,770                -             -            -
      Transactions with owners in their
       capacity as owners
      Dividend declared by the Company
       and subsidiaries                             -            -    (2,070,613)   (2,070,613)       (57,623)   (2,128,236)
      Contribution from non-controlling
       shareholders of subsidiaries                 -            -             -               -       71,742       71,742
      Transactions with non-controlling
       interests                                    -       22,746             -          22,746      (73,714)      (50,968)
      Employee share-based awards
       scheme (Note 23)
       – Value of employee services                 -      508,465             -         508,465             -     508,465
       – Proceeds from shares issued            8,130       73,031             -          81,161             -      81,161
      Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
       – Conversion of convertible bonds      12,766       168,916             -         181,682            -      181,682
      Others                                       -         8,271             -           8,271           18        8,289


      Total transactions with owners in
       their capacity as owners               20,896       781,429    (2,070,613)   (1,268,288)       (59,577)   (1,327,865)


      Balance as at 31 December 2021       10,370,593   29,345,460    50,597,258    90,313,311      2,335,474    92,648,785




196
                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022




               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                               Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                       Non-
                                            Share                    Retained                    controlling         Total
                                           capital     Reserves      earnings         Total        interests        equity
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


 Balance as at 1 January 2022            10,370,593   29,345,460    50,597,258     90,313,311      2,335,474     92,648,785


 Comprehensive income
 Profit/(losses) for the year                     -            -     7,982,930      7,982,930        (70,588)     7,912,342
 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax             -      (40,275)            -        (40,275)        (1,953)       (42,228)


 Total comprehensive (loss)/income                -      (40,275)    7,982,930      7,942,655        (72,541)     7,870,114


 Transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners
 Appropriation to general risk reserve            -      125,453      (125,453)              -             -              -
 Dividend declared by the Company
  and subsidiaries                                -            -    (2,403,559)    (2,403,559)       (78,217)    (2,481,776)
 Contributions from non-controlling
  shareholders of subsidiaries                    -            -             -               -        34,000        34,000
 Transactions with non-controlling
  interests (Note 40)                             -   15,061,788             -     15,061,788      6,793,034     21,854,822
 Employee share-based awards
  scheme (Note 23)
  – Value of employee services                   -       410,834             -         410,834             -       410,834
  – Proceeds from shares issued             23,206       414,315             -         437,521             -       437,521
 Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
  – Conversion of convertible bonds         93,365     1,284,253             -      1,377,618              -      1,377,618
 Others                                          -       148,538             -        148,538          1,858        150,396


 Total transactions with owners in
  their capacity as owners                 116,571    17,445,181    (2,529,012)    15,032,740      6,750,675     21,783,415


 Balance as at 31 December 2022          10,487,164   46,750,366    56,051,176    113,288,706      9,013,608    122,302,314


The notes on pages 200 to 352 are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                               197
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CASH FLOWS
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                          Note      RMB’000          RMB’000


      Cash flows from operating activities
       Cash used in operations                                            38(a)    (5,862,993)     (5,817,201)
       Interest received                                                              466,505         349,895
       Interest paid                                                                 (903,426)       (703,849)
       Income tax paid                                                               (338,189)       (320,284)


      Net cash used in operating activities                                        (6,638,103)     (6,491,439)


      Cash flows from investing activities
       Purchases of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets,
          investment properties and intangible assets                              (8,013,514)     (6,242,944)
       Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
          and intangible assets                                                      140,910          124,964
       Acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash acquired                             (10,745)                –
       Additional capital injection in joint ventures                               (603,160)      (2,339,317)
       Additional capital injection in associates                                   (226,600)      (1,054,624)
       Set-up of joint ventures                                                     (502,770)        (278,562)
       Set-up of associates                                                             (880)          (16,250)
       Disposals or capital reduction of joint ventures and associates                97,227          175,437
       Acquisition of investment in financial assets at fair value
          profit or loss, other comprehensive income and
          at amortised cost                                                       (10,176,744)     (6,016,696)
       Disposal of investment in financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss, other comprehensive income and
          at amortised cost                                                        4,488,066        5,620,869
       Proceeds from investment income from financial instruments                    197,587          174,444
       Granting of entrusted loans                                                   (41,650)        (514,500)
       Proceeds from repayment of entrusted loans                                     46,210          781,536
       Receipt of government grants related to assets                                376,084          209,418
       Dividends received                                                         13,522,270       11,189,729
       (Increase)/decrease in time deposits and long-term deposits                  (884,453)       5,421,155


      Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                       (1,592,162)      7,234,659




198
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS



                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2022                 2021
                                                                        Note       RMB’000              RMB’000


 Cash flows from financing activities
  Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares under employee
    share-based awards scheme                                                      213,406                  82,211
  Contribution from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                    34,000                  31,500
  Dividend paid to shareholders of the Company                                  (2,406,710)            (2,070,613)
  Dividend paid to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                       (78,217)                (64,795)
  Proceeds from borrowings (excluding securitization debts)             38(c)   24,117,015            10,426,845
  Proceeds from other securitization debts                              38(c)    1,716,190              2,087,721
  Repayments of convertible bonds                                       38(c)   (1,071,717)                      –
  Proceeds from securitization debts (transferred of financial assets
    that are not derecognised in their entirety)                        38(d)    3,796,535                       –
  Repayments of securitization debts (transferred of financial assets
    that are not derecognised in their entirety)                                   (569,238)                    –
  Repayments of borrowings (excluding securitization debts)             38(c)   (19,846,618)           (9,490,792)
  Repayments of loan payable to a third-party                           38(c)      (200,000)                    –
  Repayments of other securitization debts                              38(c)    (1,956,071)             (449,300)
  (Acquisition)/disposal of repurchasing financial assets               38(c)      (212,420)              426,884
  Transactions with non-controlling interests                            40      21,854,822                     –
  Principal element of lease payments                                   38(c)      (288,494)             (210,068)
  Other proceeds from financing activities                              38(c)        78,196                 7,094


 Net cash generated from financing activities                                   25,180,679               776,687


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                      16,950,414             1,519,907
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                            17,234,963            15,791,397
  Exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents                              36,736                (76,341)


 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                   34,222,113            17,234,963


The notes on pages 200 to 352 are an integral part of these financial statements




                                                                                                                      199
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  1    GENERAL INFORMATION
       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are
       principally engaged in the manufacturing and sale of automobiles, engines and other automotive parts and
       rendering of financial services. The Company’s holding company is Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group
       Co., Ltd. (“GAIG”), a state–owned enterprise incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


       The registered address of the Company is 23/F, Chengyue Building, No. 448 – No. 458, Dong Feng
       Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, the PRC.


       The Company was established in June 1997 as a limited liability company in the PRC. In June 2005,
       the Company underwent a reorganisation and transformed itself into a joint stock company with limited
       liability under the Company Law of the PRC. The Company’s shares have been listed on Hong Kong
       Stock Exchange (the “HKSE”) and Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”) since 30 August 2010 and 29 March
       2012, respectively.


       These financial statements are presented in thousands of Renminbi Yuan (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
       The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are
       set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
       stated.


       2.1   Basis of preparation
             The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all
             applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of
             the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap.622. The consolidated financial statements have been
             prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets which are measured at fair
             value.


             The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
             accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of
             applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or
             complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
             statements are disclosed in Note 4.




200
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

           2.1.1 Accounting policy and disclosures
                (a)   New and amended standards and interpretations adopted by the Group
                      The Group has applied the following standards and amendments to existing standards
                      and interpretation for the first time for their annual reporting period commencing 1
                      January 2022:


                      Standards/Amendments                       Subject of Standards/Amendments


                      HKAS 16 (Amendments)                       Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds
                                                                   before Intended Use
                      HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                       Reference to the Conceptual Framework
                      HKAS 37 (Amendments)                       Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a
                                                                   Contract
                      Revised Accounting Guideline 5             Merger Accounting for Common Control
                                                                   Combinations
                      Annual Improvements to HKFRS               Amendments to HKFRS1, HKFRS9,
                       standards 2018-2020                         HKFRS16 and HKAS41


                      The standards and amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts
                      recognised in prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or
                      future periods.




                                                                                                                201
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

             2.1.1 Accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)
                  (b)   New standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations not yet
                        adopted
                        Certain new accounting standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations
                        have been published that are not mandatory for 31 December 2022 reporting periods
                        and have not been early adopted by the Group. These standards, amendments and
                        interpretations are not expected to have a material impact on the Group in the current
                        or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

                                                                                              Effective for
                        Standards/Amendments/         Subject of standards/                   accounting periods
                        Interpretations               amendments/interpretations              beginning on or after

                        HKAS 1and HKFRS Practice Disclosure of Accounting Policies            1 January 2023
                         Statement 2 (Amendments)
                        HKAS 8 (Amendments)        Definition of Accounting Estimates         1 January 2023
                        HKAS 12 (Amendments)       Deferred Tax related to Assets and         1 January 2023
                                                      Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                      Transaction
                        HKFRS 17                   Insurance Contracts                        1 January 2023
                        HKFRS 17 (Amendments)      Amendments to HKFRS 17                     1 January 2023
                        HKFRS 17                   Initial Application of HKFRS 17            1 January 2023
                                                      and HKFRS 9—Comparative
                                                      Information
                        HKAS 1 (Amendments)        Classification of Liabilities as Current   1 January 2024
                                                      or Non-current (amendments)
                        HKAS 1 (Amendments)        Non-current Liabilities with               1 January 2024
                                                      Covenants (amendments)
                        HKAS 16 (Amendments)       Lease Liability in a Sale and              1 January 2024
                                                      Leaseback (amendments)
                        Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Hong Kong Interpretation 5                 Applied when an
                         (Revised)                    (Revised) Presentation of Financial     entity applies “HKAS 1
                                                      Statements – Classification by          (Amendments)”
                                                      the Borrower of a Term Loan
                                                      that Contains a Repayment
                                                      on Demand Clause (HK Int 5
                                                      (Revised))
                        HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28       Sale or Contribution of Assets             To be determined
                         (Amendments)                 between an Investor and its
                                                      Associate or Joint Venture
                                                      (amendments)



202
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.2   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

           2.2.1 Subsidiaries
                Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control.
                The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
                from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
                power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date
                on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
                control ceases.


                The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the
                Group (refer to Note 2.3).


                Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
                been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


                Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in
                the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of change in
                equity, consolidated balance sheet, respectively.


           2.2.2 Associates
                Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or
                joint control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of
                the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of
                accounting (Note 2.2.4), after initially being recognised at cost.




                                                                                                                 203
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.2   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

             2.2.3 Joint ventures
                  Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements investments in joint arrangements are classified as
                  either joint operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights
                  and obligations of each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement. The
                  Group only has joint ventures.


                  Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (Note 2.2.4), after initially
                  being recognised at cost in the consolidated balance sheet.

             2.2.4 Equity method
                  Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and
                  adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of
                  the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive
                  income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable
                  from associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of
                  the investment.


                  When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its
                  interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does
                  not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf
                  of the other entity.


                  Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
                  eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also
                  eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
                  Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where necessary to
                  ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


                  The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance
                  with the policy described in Note 2.11.




204
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.2   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

           2.2.5 Changes in ownership interests
                The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
                control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results
                in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests
                to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the
                adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised
                in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the Company.


                When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss
                of control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured
                to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value
                becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the
                retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts
                previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted
                for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean
                that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or
                loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.


                If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control
                or significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously
                recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.




                                                                                                                     205
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.3   Business combinations
             The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless
             of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the
             acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:


             •     fair values of the assets transferred


             •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business


             •     equity interests issued by the Group


             •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and


             •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.


             Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
             are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group
             recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis
             either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s
             net identifiable assets.


             Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


             The excess of the


             •     consideration transferred,


             •     amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and


             •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity


             over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts
             are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is
             recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.




206
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.3   Business combinations (Continued)
           Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future
           are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the
           entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained
           from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration
           is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are
           subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.


           If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
           previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date.
           Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.


     2.4   Separate financial statements
           Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
           costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
           dividend received and receivable.


           Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
           these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
           period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
           statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s
           net assets including goodwill.


     2.5   Segment reporting
           Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
           chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating
           resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as executive
           directors that make strategic decisions.




                                                                                                                    207
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.6   Foreign currency translation

             (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                   Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                   the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                   currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which
                   is the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.


             (b)   Transactions and balances
                   Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange
                   rates at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the
                   settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities
                   denominated in foreign currencies at year-end exchange rates are generally recognised in
                   profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and
                   qualifying net investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign
                   operation.


                   Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated
                   statement of comprehensive income within ‘finance costs’. All other foreign exchange gains
                   and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income within
                   ‘other (losses)/gains – net’.


             (c)   Group companies
                   The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of
                   a hyper-inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation
                   currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:


                   (i)    assets and liabilities for each consolidated balance sheet presented are translated at
                          the closing rate at the date of that consolidated balance sheet;


                   (ii)   income and expenses for each consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                          are translated at average exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable
                          approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates,
                          in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                          transactions); and




208
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.6   Foreign currency translation (Continued)

           (c)   Group companies (Continued)
                 (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.


                 On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in
                 foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of
                 such investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation
                 is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated
                 exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.


                 Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated
                 as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


           (d)   Disposal of foreign operation and partial disposal
                 On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in
                 a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a
                 foreign operation, a disposal involving loss of joint control over a joint venture that includes
                 a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of significant influence over an associate
                 that includes a foreign operation), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in
                 respect of that operation attributable to the equity holders of the Company are reclassified
                 to profit or loss.


                 In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a
                 subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency
                 translation differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised
                 in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (that is, reductions in the Group’s ownership
                 interest in associates or joint ventures that do not result in the Group losing significant
                 influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange difference
                 is reclassified to profit or loss.




                                                                                                                  209
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.7   Property, plant and equipment
             Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. All property, plant and equipment are stated at
             historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to
             the acquisition of the items.

             Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset,
             as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item
             will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of
             the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss
             during the financial period in which they are incurred.

             Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual
             amounts, net of their residual values, over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


                                                                                 Useful lives       Residual rate


             – Buildings                                                          20-50 years             0%-10%
             – Machinery                                                           5-15 years             0%-10%
             – Vehicles                                                            4-12 years             0%-10%
             – Moulds                                                               2-6 years             0%-10%
             – Office and other equipment                                          3-20 years             0%-12%
             – Leasehold improvements                                              2-20 years                 0%

             Furniture, fittings and equipment include assets received in the form of free store fit outs are
             recognised at their fair value. These assets and other leasehold improvements are depreciated
             over the shorter of their useful life or the lease term, unless the entity expects to use the assets
             beyond the lease term.

             The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end
             of each reporting period.

             An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
             carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

             Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying
             amount and are recognised within “other (losses)/gains – net” in the consolidated statement of
             comprehensive income.



210
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.8   Construction in progress
           Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment and investment properties
           under construction and pending installation and is stated at cost less accumulated impairment
           losses, if any. Cost includes the costs of construction of buildings, the cost of plant and machinery
           and interest charges arising from borrowings used to finance these assets during the period of
           construction or installation and testing, if any. No provision for depreciation is made on construction
           in progress until such time as the relevant assets are completed and are available for intended use.
           When the assets concerned are brought into use, the costs are transferred to property, plant and
           equipment and investment properties and depreciated in accordance with the policy as stated in
           the preceding paragraphs.


     2.9   Investment properties
           Properties that are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that are
           not occupied by the Group, are classified as investment properties. The Group applies cost model
           for recognition of investment properties.


           Investment properties are measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs. After
           initial recognition, investment properties are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation
           and impairment losses.


           Subsequent expenditure is charged to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that
           future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item
           can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed in the consolidated
           statement of comprehensive income during the financial period in which they are incurred.


           Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual
           values over their estimated useful lives of 20 to 50 years with residual value of 0% to 10%.


           The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
           each reporting period. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable
           amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.




                                                                                                                        211
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.10 Intangible assets

            (a)   Goodwill
                  Goodwill is measured as described in Note 2.3. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is
                  included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually,
                  or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired,
                  and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal
                  of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.


                  Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of impairment testing.
                  The allocation is made to those CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from
                  the business combination in which the goodwill arose. Each unit or group of units are identified
                  at the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes,
                  being the operating segment.


            (b)   Patent, proprietary technology and franchise right
                  Purchased patents, proprietary technology and franchise right are initially recorded at actual
                  cost and are amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives of 5 to 10 years.


            (c)   Computer software
                  Acquired computer software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to
                  acquire and bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised on a straight-line
                  basis over their estimated useful lives of 2 to 10 years.




212
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.10 Intangible assets (Continued)

          (d)   Research and development costs
                Research costs are expensed as incurred. An intangible asset arising from development
                expenditure on the Group’s proprietary brands project is recognised only when the Group
                can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be
                available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how
                the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete and
                the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Following the initial
                recognition of the development expenditure, the cost model is applied requiring the asset to
                be carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
                Any expenditure capitalised is amortised over the period of expected future sales from the
                related project for 3 to 6 years.


                The carrying value of development costs is reviewed for impairment annually when the asset
                is not yet in use, or more frequently when an indication of impairment arises during a financial
                period.


     2.11 Impairment of non-financial assets
          Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation
          and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
          indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for
          impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
          not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying
          amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
          value less cost of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are
          grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (CGUs). Non-
          financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal
          of the impairment at each reporting date.




                                                                                                                    213
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.12 Investments and other financial assets

            2.12.1 Classification
                  The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:


                  •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive
                        income (“OCI”), or through profit or loss), and


                  •     those to be measured at amortised cost.


                  The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets
                  and the contractual terms of the cash flows.


                  For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss
                  or OCI. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend
                  on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to
                  account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).


                  The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                  those assets changes.


            2.12.2 Recognition and derecognition
                  Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date
                  on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised
                  when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been
                  transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.


            2.12.3 Measurement
                  At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case
                  of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), transaction costs that are
                  directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial
                  assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.


                  Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                  whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




214
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.12 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

          2.12.3 Measurement (Continued)
                Debt instruments
                Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model
                for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
                measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:


                •    Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where
                     those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured
                     at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance
                     income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition
                     is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in “other (losses)/gains – net”,
                     together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented in
                     the statement of comprehensive income.


                •    FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                     financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal
                     and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken
                     through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income
                     and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When
                     the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in
                     OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in “other (losses)/gains –
                     net”. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using
                     the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in
                     “other (losses)/gains – net” and impairment expenses are presented in the statement
                     of comprehensive income gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented in the
                     statement of comprehensive income.


                •    FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured
                     at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL
                     is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within “other (losses)/gains – net” in
                     the period in which it arises.




                                                                                                                  215
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.12 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

            2.12.3 Measurement (Continued)
                  Equity instruments
                  The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                  management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in
                  OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss
                  following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to
                  be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments
                  is established.


                  Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in “other (losses)/gains –
                  net” in the statement of comprehensive income as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal
                  of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately
                  from other changes in fair value.


            2.12.4 Impairment
                  The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its
                  debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied
                  depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


                  For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
                  requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables,
                  see Note 18 for further details.


       2.13 Offsetting financial instruments
            Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated balance
            sheet when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an
            intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The
            legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the
            normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company
            or the counterparty.




216
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.14 Financial guarantee contracts
          Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is
          issued. The liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of


          •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9
                Financial Instruments and


          •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
                recognised in accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
                Customers.


          The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference
          in cash flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instruments and the
          payments that would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be
          payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.


          Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no
          compensation, the fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the
          cost of the investment.


     2.15 Inventories
          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials,
          direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter
          being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Costs are assigned to individual items of
          inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after
          deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
          course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
          make the sale.




                                                                                                                  217
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.16 Trade and other receivables
            Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the
            ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or
            less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets.
            If not, they are presented as non-current assets.


            Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
            they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
            holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
            measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. See Note 2.12.4
            for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.


       2.17 Cash and cash equivalents
            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash
            equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term, highly liquid
            investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
            amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


       2.18 Share capital
            Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new
            shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


       2.19 Trade and other payables
            These amounts represent obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the
            ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current
            liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business
            if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.


            They are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
            effective interest method.




218
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.20 Borrowings
          Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
          subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
          costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings
          using the effective interest method.


          The fair value of the liability component of a convertible bond is determined using a market interest
          rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond. This amount is recorded as a liability on an amortised
          cost basis until extinguished on conversion or maturity of the bonds. The remainder of the proceeds
          is allocated to the conversion option. This is recognised and included in shareholders’ equity, net
          of income tax effects.


          Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
          settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.


     2.21 Borrowing costs
          General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
          of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready
          for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
          are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.


          Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
          expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


          Other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                                                     219
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.22 Installment credit and nonrecourse securitization debt
            The Group securitises various financial lease receivables, which generally results in the sale of
            these assets to special purpose entities, which issue debt securities to third party investors. The
            rights and interests of securitized financial assets are embodied in the form of senior tranche or
            subordinated tranche. Subordinated asset backed securities and notes shall not be transferred.


            When the asset securitization transaction leads to the derecognition or partial derecognition of
            financial assets, gains or losses on asset securitization transactions depend in part on the carrying
            amount of the transferred financial assets, allocated between the financial assets derecognised and
            the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of the transfer. Gains or losses
            on asset-backed securities are recorded in profit or loss.


            In applying its policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the degree
            of transfer of risks and rewards on assets transferred and the degree of control exercised by the
            Group over the financial assets:


            —     when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
                  assets, the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;


            —     when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
                  assets, the Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and


            —     when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risk and rewards of ownership
                  of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the
                  financial assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets
                  and recognise separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained
                  in the transfer. If the Group has retained control, it continues to recognise the financial assets
                  to the extent of its continuing involvement in the financial assets.




220
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.23 Current and deferred income tax
          The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or
          loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or
          directly in equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
          in equity, respectively.


          (a)   Current income tax
                The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
                substantively enacted at the consolidated balance sheet date in the countries where the
                Company’s subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures operate and generate taxable income.
                Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
                which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable
                that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax
                balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which
                method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.


          (b)   Deferred income tax
                Inside basis differences
                Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
                between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
                financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the
                initial recognition of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from
                initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that
                at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred
                income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
                enacted by the consolidated balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related
                deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.


                Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future
                taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.




                                                                                                                     221
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.23 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

            (b)   Deferred income tax (Continued)
                  Outside basis differences
                  Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries,
                  associates and joint ventures, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the
                  reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the
                  temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


            (c)   Offsetting
                  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right
                  to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes
                  assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
                  taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances
                  on a net basis.


       2.24 Employee benefits

            (a)   Short-term obligations
                  Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and annual leave that
                  are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the
                  employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to
                  the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when
                  the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations
                  in the consolidated balance sheet.


            (b)   Post-employment obligations
                  The Group operates various post-employment schemes, including both defined benefit and
                  defined contribution pension plans and post-employment medical plans.




222
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.24 Employee benefits (Continued)

          (b)   Post-employment obligations (Continued)
                Pension obligations
                The liability or asset recognised in the consolidated balance sheet in respect of defined
                benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the
                reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation is calculated
                annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method.


                The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated
                future cash outflows using interest rates of government bonds that are denominated in the
                currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms approximating to the terms
                of the related obligation.


                The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the
                defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee
                benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.


                Remeasurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in
                actuarial assumptions are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in other
                comprehensive income. They are included in retained earnings in the consolidated statement
                of changes in equity and in the consolidated balance sheet.


                Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments
                or curtailments are recognised immediately in profit or loss as past service costs.


                The Group participates in the defined contribution employee retirement schemes regarding
                pension benefits required under existing PRC legislation. The defined contribution plan is a
                pension plan under which the Group pays contributions into a separate entity. The Group
                has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold
                sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current
                and prior periods.




                                                                                                                   223
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.24 Employee benefits (Continued)

            (b)   Post–employment obligations (Continued)
                  Other post-employment obligations
                  Some group companies provide post-retirement healthcare benefits to their retirees. The
                  entitlement to these benefits is usually conditional on the employee remaining in service
                  up to retirement age and the completion of a minimum service period. The expected costs
                  of these benefits are accrued over the period of employment using the same accounting
                  methodology as used for defined benefit pension plans. Remeasurement gains and losses
                  arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or
                  credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. These
                  obligations are valued annually by independent qualified actuaries.


            (c)   Termination benefits
                  Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the
                  normal retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange
                  for these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following
                  dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when
                  the entity recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves
                  the payment of termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                  redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees
                  expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the
                  reporting period are discounted to their present value.


       2.25 Share-based payments

            Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
            The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan, under which the entity
            receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (share options and
            restricted shares, collectively, “Share-based Awards”) of the Group. The fair value of the employee
            services received in exchange for the grant of the Share-based Awards is recognised as an expense.
            The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the Share-based
            Awards granted:




224
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.25 Share-based payments (Continued)

          Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (Continued)
          •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

          •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for
                example, profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a
                specified time period); and

          •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees
                to save or holding shares for a specified period of time).

          At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of Share-
          based Awards that are expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service
          conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss,
          with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

          When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of
          any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (and share premium).


     2.26 Provisions
          Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result
          of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and
          the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

          Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required
          in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is
          recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same
          class of obligations may be small.

          Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle
          the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
          money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time
          is recognised as interest expense.

          Provision for product warranties granted by the Group for certain products are recognised based
          on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their present
          value as appropriate.

          Provision for off-balance sheet related activities of a subsidiary providing financing services are
          recognised based on expected credit loss assessed based on a forward looking basis.

                                                                                                                     225
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.27 Revenue recognition
            The Group manufactures and sells a range of passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, engines and
            automotive parts to its customers. Sales revenue are recognised when control of the goods has
            transferred to the customers and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s
            acceptance of the products.


            Sales revenue are recorded based on the price stated in the sales contracts, net of the sales
            rebates and discounts.


            Revenue from provision of services, primarily comprising transportation services, repair and
            maintenance services and optional warranty, etc., is recognised in the accounting period in which
            the services are rendered as the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits
            provided by the Group’s performance when the Group performs.


            In multiple element arrangements, the transaction price is allocated to the different performance
            obligations of the contract on the basis of relative standalone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling
            prices are not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or
            adjusted market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.


            A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
            entity has transferred to the customer. A contract asset becomes a receivable when the entity’s
            right to consideration is unconditional, which is the case when only the passage of time is required
            before payment of the consideration is due.


            If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
            unconditional, before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, the Group presents the
            contract as a contract liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever
            is earlier). A contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
            for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
            customer.




226
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.28 Dividend income
          Dividends are received from financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and at
          fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends are recognised as other gains in profit
          or loss when the right to receive payment is established. This applies even if they are paid out of
          pre-acquisition profits, unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of an
          investment. In this case, the dividend is recognised in OCI if it relates to an investment measured
          at FVOCI. However, the investment may need to be tested for impairment as a consequence.


     2.29 Earnings per share
          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company,
          excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares by the weighted average number
          of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary
          shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.


          Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share
          to take into account the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with
          dilutive potential ordinary shares, and the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares
          that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


     2.30 Insurance services

          (a)   Insurance contracts
                Insurance contracts are those contracts under which the Group has accepted significant
                insurance risk from the policyholders by agreeing to compensate the policyholders if a
                specified uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholders.
                Insurance contracts are classified as direct insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts.
                The significance of insurance risk as determined by the Group is mainly dependent on the
                magnitude of its potential effect.


          (b)   Significant insurance risk testing
                For the insurance contracts issued by the Group, tests are performed to determine if the
                contracts contain significant insurance risk, and contracts of similar nature are grouped
                together for this purpose. When performing the significant insurance risk test, the Group
                makes judgments in sequence as to whether the contract transfers insurance risk, whether the
                contract has commercial substance, and whether the transferred insurance risk is significant.



                                                                                                                  227
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.30 Insurance services (Continued)

            (c)   Revenue from gross premium
                  Premium income and reinsurance premium income is recognised when the insurance contracts
                  are issued, related insurance risk is undertaken by the Group, it is probable that related
                  economic benefits will flow to the Group and related income can be reliably measured.


            (d)   Revenue from reinsurance
                  The Group undertakes inward and outward reinsurance in the normal course of operations.
                  Reinsurance premiums are recognised as revenue in accordance with the terms stated in
                  the reinsurance contracts.


                  (i)   Outward reinsurance business
                        Outward reinsurance arrangements do not relieve the Group from its obligations to
                        policyholders. When recognizing premium income from insurance contracts, the Group
                        calculates to determine the amount of premium ceded and reinsurers’ share of expenses
                        and recognise them through profit or loss according to reinsurance contracts. When
                        calculating unearned premium reserves and claim reserves of insurance contracts,
                        the Group estimates the reinsurance related cash flows according to the reinsurance
                        contracts, considers the risk margin when determining the amount of insurance contract
                        reserves to be recovered from reinsurers, and recognises reinsurers’ share of insurance
                        contract liabilities. When insurance contract liabilities are reduced for actual payment of
                        claims and claim expenses, reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities are reduced
                        accordingly. In the meantime, the Group calculates to determine the amount of claim
                        expenses to be recovered from the reinsurers according to the reinsurance contracts
                        and recognises the amount through profit or loss. When there is an early termination
                        of an insurance contract, the Group calculates to determine the adjustment amount
                        of premium ceded and reinsurers’ share of expenses according to the reinsurance
                        contracts and recognises the amount through profit or loss, and the balance of
                        reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities is reversed accordingly.




228
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.30 Insurance services (Continued)

          (d)   Revenue from reinsurance (Continued)
                (ii)   Inward reinsurance business
                       During the period of recognising reinsurance premium income, the Group determines
                       reinsurance expenses according to the reinsurance contracts and recognises the
                       expenses through profit or loss.


                       Upon receipt of the statement of the reinsurance business, the Group adjusts the
                       reinsurance premium income and reinsurance expenses, and then recognises the
                       adjusted amounts through profit or loss according to the ceding company statements.


     2.31 Lease

          (a)   Operating lease
                (i)    The Group as a lessee under operating lease
                       Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date
                       at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.


                       Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates
                       the consideration in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on
                       their relative stand-alone prices. However, for leases for which the Group is a lessee,
                       it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components and instead accounts
                       for these as a single lease component.


                       Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different
                       terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than
                       the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets
                       may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                                                                 229
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.31 Lease (Continued)

            (a)   Operating lease (Continued)
                  (i)   The Group as a lessee under operating lease (Continued)
                        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value
                        basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:


                        •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives
                              receivable


                        •     variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured
                              using the index or rate as at the commencement date


                        •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees


                        •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to
                              exercise that option, and


                        •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the
                              Group exercising that option.


                        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also
                        included in the measurement of the liability.


                        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that
                        rate cannot be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group,
                        the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual
                        lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
                        value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms,
                        security and conditions.




230
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.31 Lease (Continued)

          (a)   Operating lease (Continued)
                (i)   The Group as a lessee under operating lease (Continued)
                      To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:


                      •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee
                            as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third
                            party financing was received


                      •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security


                      •     If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee
                            (through recent financing or market data) which has a similar payment profile to
                            the lease, then the Group entities use that rate as a starting point to determine
                            the incremental borrowing rate.


                      Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is
                      charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic
                      rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.


                      Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:


                      •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability


                      •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
                            incentives received


                      •     any initial direct costs, and


                      •     restoration.




                                                                                                                  231
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.31 Lease (Continued)

            (a)   Operating lease (Continued)
                  (i)    The Group as a lessee under operating lease (Continued)
                         Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful
                         life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to
                         exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying
                         asset’s useful life.


                         Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases
                         of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or
                         loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less without a
                         purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office
                         furniture.


                  (ii)   The Group as a lessor under operating lease
                         Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income
                         on a straight-line basis over the lease term (Note 9(c)). Initial direct costs incurred in
                         obtaining an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the underlying asset
                         and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease income.
                         The respective leased assets are included in the consolidated balance sheet based
                         on their nature.


            (b)   Finance lease
                  The Group as a lessor under finance lease
                  At the commencement of the lease term, the aggregate of the minimum lease receivable at
                  the inception of the lease and the initial direct costs is recognised as finance lease receivables,
                  and the unguaranteed residual value is recorded at the same time. The difference between
                  the aggregate of the minimum lease receivable, the initial direct costs and the unguaranteed
                  residual value, and the aggregate of their present values is recognised as unearned finance
                  income. The net amount of finance lease receivables less unearned finance income is divided
                  into long-term receivable and the portion of long-term receivable due within one year for
                  presentation.


                  Lease income from finance lease is recognised using the effective interest method (Note 16(c)).




232
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.32 Dividend distribution
          Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s and
          Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s
          shareholders or directors, where appropriate.


     2.33 Government grants
          Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
          that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.


          Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period
          necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.


          Government grants relating to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are included in
          non-current liabilities as deferred government grants and are credited to profit or loss on a straight-
          line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.


          Government grants are deducted in reporting the related expenses, when appropriate.


     2.34 Interest income
          Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in ‘other (losses)/gains - net’.


          Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using
          the effective interest method is recognised in profit or loss as part of operating income.


          Interest income is presented as a part of non-operating income where it is earned from financial
          assets that are held for cash management purposes. Any other interest income is included in
          operating income.


          Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of
          a financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-
          impaired financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the
          financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).




                                                                                                                   233
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
       3.1   Financial risk factors
             The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange
             risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The
             Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
             and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


             Risk management is carried out by the Group’s finance department (“Group Finance”) under policies
             approved by the senior management. Group Finance identifies and evaluates financial risks in close
             co-operation with the Group’s operating units.


             3.1.1 Market risk
                   (a)    Foreign exchange risk
                          The Group’s business mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions
                          denominated and settled in RMB, except that certain receivables and payables, cash
                          and cash equivalents, restricted cash and time deposits are mainly denominated in US
                          dollar (“USD”) and HK dollar (“HKD”) which are exposed to foreign currency translation
                          risk. The Group had not used any financial instrument to hedge the foreign exchange
                          risk.


                          As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group is not exposed to significant foreign
                          exchange risk.




234
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.1 Market risk (Continued)
                (b)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                      The Group has no significant interest-bearing assets other than loan receivables,
                      finance lease receivables, entrusted loans (included in other receivables), time deposits,
                      restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents. Except for long-term finance lease
                      receivables, the maturity terms of these assets are within 12 months so that there
                      would not be significant interest rate risk for these financial assets. The interest rate for
                      long-term finance lease receivables is fixed and there would not be significant interest
                      rate risk for these financial assets.


                      The Group’s interest rate risk arises from borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable
                      rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates
                      expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.


                      As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s borrowings at variable rates were denominated
                      in RMB. If interest rates on bank borrowings had been 100 basis point higher/lower
                      respectively with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit would have been
                      approximately RMB63,324,000 (2021: RMB67,142,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result
                      of higher/lower interest expenses on floating rate borrowings.


                      The Group had not used any financial instrument to hedge its exposure to interest
                      rate risk.


                (c)   Price risk
                      The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from equity investment held by the Group and
                      classified in the consolidated balance sheet either as at FVOCI (Note 14) or FVPL (Note
                      15). The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of the price and assesses the impact
                      on the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income. If the price of the
                      equity investment classified as FVOCI had been 1% higher/lower, other comprehensive
                      income (net of tax) for the year ended 31 December 2022 would increase/decrease
                      by approximately RMB4,586,000 (2021: RMB5,415,000). If the price of the equity
                      investment classified as FVPL had been 1% higher/lower, post-tax profit for the year
                      ended 31 December 2022 would increase/decrease by approximately RMB28,314,000
                      (2021: RMB27,781,000).




                                                                                                                    235
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk
                   Credit risk arises from deposit with banks, contractual cash flows of debt instruments carried
                   at amortised cost, at fair value through other comprehensive income and at fair value through
                   profit or loss, and trade and other receivables (excluding prepayment and value-added tax
                   recoverable).


                   The Group has three types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss
                   model:


                   •     trade receivables;


                   •     debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI; and


                   •     other financial assets at amortised cost.


                   While deposit with banks, including time deposits, restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents,
                   are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, identified impairment loss was
                   immaterial.


                   (a)   Trade receivables
                         The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses
                         which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.


                         As at 31 December 2022, the Group assessed that the expected loss rate for trade
                         receivables due from related parties (excluding two joint ventures in liquidation) was
                         immaterial considering their good finance position and credit history. Thus no loss
                         allowance provision for trade receivables from related parties (excluding two joint
                         ventures in liquidation) was recognised in 2022 (31 December 2021: Nil).




236
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)
                      As at 31 December 2022, the Group assessed the expected loss rate for trade
                      receivables from governments in relation to the subsidy of new energy vehicles sold
                      to end users and made an allowance amounted to approximately RMB4,114,000
                      accordingly (31 December 2021: RMB5,949,000).


                      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the expected loss rate for certain third-party
                      customers and two joint ventures who were in liquidation or financial difficulties are
                      assessed specifically by the directors as follows:


                                                                           As at 31             As at 31
                                                                      December 2022        December 2021


                      Expected loss rate                                       92.46%              100.00%
                      Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                          404,122              107,852
                      Loss allowance provision (RMB’000)                       373,645              107,852




                                                                                                               237
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)
                        As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the loss allowance provision for the trade receivables
                        due from third parties was determined as follows. The expected credit losses below
                        also incorporated forward looking information.


                                                              Between    Between    Between    Between
                                                  Within 1     1 and 2    2 and 3    3 and 4    4 and 5      Over
                                                     year        years      years      years      years   5 years       Total


                        Trade receivables
                           (excluding trade
                           receivables due from
                           related parties, trade
                           receivables due from
                           government and
                           trade receivables
                           subject to specific
                           expected loss rate)
                        At 31 December 2022
                        Gross carrying amount
                           (RMB’000)              2,124,695    104,035     82,573      8,323        359   137,055   2,457,040
                        Expected loss rate           0.33%      6.85%     27.70%     50.05%     96.41%    96.41%
                        Loss allowance provision
                           (RMB’000)                  7,072      7,126     22,873      4,166       346    132,135    173,718




238
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)


                                                            Between    Between    Between    Between
                                                 Within 1    1 and 2    2 and 3    3 and 4    4 and 5     Over 5
                                                     year      years      years      years      years      years       Total


                      Trade receivables
                         (excluding trade
                         receivables due from
                         related parties, trade
                         receivables due from
                         government and
                         trade receivables
                         subject to specific
                         expected loss rate)
                      At 31 December 2021
                      Gross carrying amount
                         (RMB’000)              1,995,064   258,300     13,348        472         164    144,903   2,412,251
                      Expected loss rate           0.33%     8.56%     38.49%     57.70%     100.00%    100.00%
                      Loss allowance provision
                         (RMB’000)                  6,547    22,114      5,138        272        164    144,903     179,139


                (b)   Debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI
                      All of the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI are considered to
                      have low credit risk, and the loss allowance recognised during the period was therefore
                      limited to 12 months expected losses.




                                                                                                                               239
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (b)   Debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI (Continued)
                        The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with debt
                        investments at amortised cost and FVOCI since the Group furnishes investment
                        mandates to commercial banks, trust companies and asset management companies.
                        These mandates require them to invest in such debt investments with high market
                        credit rating, liquidity and stable return. Management does not expect that there will
                        be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.


                  (c)   Debt investments at FVPL
                        The Group is also exposed to credit risk in relation to debt investments that are measured
                        at fair value through profit or loss. The maximum exposure as at 31 December 2022 is the
                        carrying amount of these investments, amounting to approximately RMB2,765,616,000
                        (31 December 2021: RMB1,523,434,000).


                  (d)   Other financial assets at amortised cost
                        The Group applies the general approach to provide for expected credit loss of other
                        financial assets measured at amortised cost including notes receivable, entrusted loans,
                        finance lease receivables, loans relating to financing services, dividend receivable and
                        other receivables under HKFRS 9.


                        Except for certain long aging receivables for which the debtors failed to make demanded
                        repayment and the Group has made specific provision on a case-by-case basis, the
                        expected credit loss provision for the financial assets included in the above balances
                        is based on the 12-month expected credit loss. It is the portion of lifetime expected
                        credit loss that results from default events on a financial instrument that are possible
                        within 12 months after the reporting date. However, when there has been a significant
                        increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime
                        expected credit loss. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers
                        historical loss rates for each category of receivables and adjusts for forward looking
                        macroeconomic data, including real GDP, current account balance, nominal retail sales
                        growth rate and exchange rate. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, except for certain
                        default receivables, management considers that the expected credit loss is immaterial.




240
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (d)   Other financial assets at amortised cost (Continued)
                      The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and
                      whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis
                      throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant increase in
                      credit risk the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the
                      reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers
                      available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the
                      following indicators are incorporated:


                      •     internal credit rating


                      •     external credit rating (as far as available)


                      •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                            conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability
                            to meet its obligations


                      •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the debtor


                      •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same
                            debtor


                      •     significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in
                            the quality of third-party guarantees or credit enhancements


                      •     significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the debtor,
                            including changes in the payment status of debtors in the Group and changes
                            in the operating results of the borrower.


                      Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated
                      as part of the internal rating model.




                                                                                                                   241
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (d)   Other financial assets at amortised cost (Continued)
                        (i)  A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group’s expected credit loss
                             model is as follows:


                                                                                            Basis for recognition of expected
                              Category          Group definition of category                credit loss provision


                              Performing        Customers have a low risk of default        12 month expected losses. Where the
                                                 and a strong capacity to meet                expected lifetime of an asset is less
                                                 contractual cash flows                       than 12 months, expected losses are
                                                                                              measured at its expected lifetime.
                              Underperforming   Receivables for which there is a            Lifetime expected losses
                                                  significant increase in credit risk; as
                                                  significant increase in credit risk is
                                                  presumed if interest and/or principal
                                                  repayments are 180 days past due
                              Non-performing    Interest and/or principal repayments        Lifetime expected losses
                                                  are 365 days past due
                              Write-off         Interest and/or principal repayments        Asset is written off
                                                  are over 365 days past due and
                                                  there is no reasonable expectation
                                                  of recovery.


                              As at 31 December 2022, the Group has assessed that the expected loss rate
                              for other receivables from related parties (excluding loans relating to financing
                              services, finance lease receivables and receivables due from two joint ventures in
                              liquidation) was immaterial considering the good finance position and credit history
                              of the related parties. Thus no loss allowance provision for other receivables
                              from related parties (excluding loans relating to financing services, finance lease
                              receivables and receivables due from two joint ventures in liquidation) was
                              recognised in 2022 (31 December 2021: Nil).




242
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (e)   As at 31 December 2021 and 2022, the loss allowance provision for trade
                      receivables, current and long-term other receivables reconciled to the opening
                      loss allowance for that provision as follows:


                                                                    Other        Other
                                                        Trade receivables    long-term
                                                  receivables    (current) receivables            Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000


                      At 1 January 2021              265,896      391,478         64,450         721,824
                      Provision for loss
                        allowance recognised in
                        profit or loss                27,044       44,930         71,494         143,468


                      At 31 December 2021            292,940      436,408       135,944          865,292
                      Provision for loss
                        allowance recognised in
                        profit or loss               258,537      121,141       254,963          634,641


                      At 31 December 2022            551,477      557,549       390,907        1,499,933




                                                                                                           243
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.3 Liquidity risk
                   Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents,
                   the availability of funding from an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the
                   ability to close out market positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses,
                   the Group’s finance team maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under
                   committed credit lines.


                   Management monitors the Group’s time deposits (Note 19) and cash and cash equivalents
                   (Note 21) on the basis of expected cash flow.


                   The tables below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings
                   based on the remaining period at the consolidated balance sheet date to the contractual
                   maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.


                                                                            Between     Between
                                                               Less than     1 and 2     2 and 5     Over 5
                                                                  1 year       years       years      years      Total
                                                                RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000


                    As at 31 December 2022
                    Borrowings                              14,268,490      2,693,941   3,147,385    208,407 20,318,223
                    Trade and other payables
                      (excluding employee benefits payable,
                      other taxes, government grants and
                      taxes related to contract liabilities)   35,774,754    647,301     195,160      77,168 36,694,383
                    Lease liabilities                             349,330    296,316     614,279     628,407 1,888,332


                    As at 31 December 2021
                    Borrowings                              10,367,692      6,485,540   1,441,212      2,768 18,297,212
                    Trade and other payables
                      (excluding employee benefits payable,
                      other taxes and government grants)    31,597,042       688,989           –           – 32,286,031
                    Lease liabilities                          210,129       199,202     546,655     773,930 1,729,916




244
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.2   Capital management
           The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
           a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders
           and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.


           Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio.
           This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings
           and lease liabilities (including current and non-current as shown in the consolidated balance sheet)
           less time deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as
           total equity plus net debt.


           The gearing ratios as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2022           2021
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


           Total borrowings (Note 26)                                             19,510,111            17,415,462
           Total lease liabilities (Note 8)                                        1,574,241              1,463,727
           Less: time deposits (Note 19)                                          (3,325,724)            (5,176,560)
                  restricted cash (Note 20)                                       (1,976,589)            (1,624,390)
                  cash and cash equivalents (Note 21)                            (34,222,113)          (17,234,963)


           Net credit                                                           (18,440,074)             (5,156,724)
           Total equity                                                         122,302,314             92,648,785


           Total capital                                                        103,862,240             87,492,061


                                                                             Not applicable
           Gearing ratio                                                            (“N/A”)                      N/A


           As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group’s total borrowings and lease liabilities are less than
           the total of time deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents, and therefore the Group
           is subject to a net credit position.



                                                                                                                       245
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation
             The Group’s financial instruments recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are mainly loans
             and receivables, FVPL, FVOCI and financial liabilities carried at amortised cost. The carrying value
             less impairment provision of trade receivables and payables are a reasonable approximation of their
             fair values. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting
             the future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the Group
             for similar financial instruments.


             The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using
             valuation techniques. The Group uses a variety of methods and makes assumptions that are based
             on market conditions existing at the balance sheet date, such as estimated discounted cash flows.


             The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method The different
             levels have been defined as follows:


             •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).


             •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                   liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).


             •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                   unobservable inputs) (level 3).




246
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)
           The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2022.

                                                                   Level 1     Level 2       Level 3          Total
                                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                   Note (a)    Note (b)      Note (c)


           Financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income and financial assets
              at fair value through profit or loss
              – Bond investments                                  4,777,975           –             –      4,777,975
              – Fund investments                                          –   1,510,928             –      1,510,928
              – Financial products                                        –           –     2,547,124      2,547,124
              – Stocks                                              739,767           –             –        739,767
              – Other equity investments                                  –           –     1,471,849      1,471,849
              – Others                                                    –     512,317       632,301      1,144,618


                                                                  5,517,742   2,023,245     4,651,274     12,192,261


           The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2021.


                                                                   Level 1     Level 2       Level 3          Total
                                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                   Note (a)    Note (b)      Note (c)


           Financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income and financial assets at fair
              value through profit or loss
              – Bond investments                                  1,192,714           –             –      1,192,714
              – Fund investments                                     27,558   1,810,100             –      1,837,658
              – Financial products                                        –           –     1,156,634      1,156,634
              – Stocks                                              912,752           –             –        912,752
              – Other equity investments                                  –           –       942,552        942,552
              – Others                                                    –     676,846       758,873      1,435,719


                                                                  2,133,024   2,486,946     2,858,059      7,478,029



                                                                                                                       247
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

             (a)   Financial instruments in level 1
                   The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market
                   prices at the balance sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily
                   and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service,
                   or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
                   transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for the financial assets
                   included in level 1 held by the Group is the current bid price.


                   There were no significant transfers of financial assets between level 1 and level 2 fair value
                   hierarchy classifications.


             (b)   Financial instruments in level 2
                   The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined
                   by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
                   market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates.
                   If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
                   included in level 2.


                   If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument
                   is included in level 3.


                   Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                   •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.


                   •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair
                         value for the remaining financial instruments.




248
                                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

           (c)   Financial instruments in level 3
                 The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the year ended 31
                 December 2021 and 2022.

                                                                   Other equity    Financial
                                                                   investments     products         Others           Total
                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Opening balance as at 1 January 2021                  591,639     1,081,005      1,253,380       2,926,024
                 Transfer to level 1                                         –             –       (739,866)       (739,866)
                 Acquisitions                                          291,364       981,770      4,028,110       5,301,244
                 Gains/(losses) for the period recognised in
                   profit or loss                                        96,222       33,154        (109,016)         20,360
                 Disposal                                               (36,673)    (939,295)     (3,673,735)     (4,649,703)


                 Closing balance
                   as at 31 December 2021                              942,552     1,156,634        758,873       2,858,059


                 Acquisitions                                          616,669     1,863,942     15,654,941      18,135,552
                 (Losses)/gains for the period recognised in
                   profit or loss                                       (36,746)      13,629          1,340          (21,777)
                 Disposal                                               (50,626)    (487,081)   (15,782,853)     (16,320,560)


                 Closing balance as at 31 December
                   2022                                               1,471,849    2,547,124        632,301       4,651,274


                 Includes unrealised gains or (losses)
                    recognised in profit or loss attributable to
                    balances held at the end of the reporting
                    period
                 2022                                                   (22,969)     16,199               –           (6,770)
                 2021                                                    86,355       (2,563)      (107,852)         (24,060)




                                                                                                                              249
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

             (c)   Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)
                   Quantitative information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
                   (level 3) is as follow:


                                                            Fair value at
                                                           31 December                                                                   Range
                                                                    2022    Valuation                                                 (weighted
                                                                RMB’000     technique(s)           Unobservable input                  average)


                   – Financial products                        1,197,090    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                         3.30%
                                                               1,350,034    Summation method       Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                   – Other equity investments (Note (i))       1,471,849    Summation method       Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                   – Unlisted notes receivable                   632,301    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                   1.20%~3.19%


                                                            Fair value at
                                                           31 December                                                                   Range
                                                                    2021    Valuation                                                 (weighted
                                                                RMB’000     technique(s)            Unobservable input                 average)


                   – Financial products                          257,000    Discounted cash flow    Discount rate                        2.05%
                                                                 899,634    Summation method        Value of each asset/                    N/A
                                                                                                      liability
                   – Other equity investments (Note (i))         942,552    Summation method        Value of each asset/                   N/A
                                                                                                      liability
                   – Trust products                               49,809    Discounted cash flow    Discount rate                        4.60%
                   – Unlisted notes receivable                   709,064    Discounted cash flow    Discount rate                  1.70%-3.19%

                   (i)      Other equity investments in level 3 represent the Group’s investment in interest of non-listed company.




250
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
     Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
     factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


     The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates
     will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a
     significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
     the next financial year are addressed below.


     (a)   Current and deferred income taxes
           The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. There are certain transactions and calculations
           for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where
           the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded,
           such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such
           determination is made.


           Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised
           when management considers it is likely that future taxable profits will be available against which
           temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. When the expectations are different from the
           original estimates, such differences will impact the recognition of deferred tax assets and income
           tax charges in the period in which such estimates are changed.


     (b)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
           Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment
           whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
           recoverable. Construction in progress and intangible assets not ready to use - not subject to
           amortisation, are tested annually for impairment. The recoverable amounts have been determined
           based on value-in-use calculations or market valuations. These calculations require the use of
           judgements and estimates.




                                                                                                                    251
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
       (b)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
             (Continued)
             Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment particularly in assessing: (i)
             whether an event has occurred that may indicate that the related asset value may not be recoverable;
             (ii) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, being the
             higher of fair value less cost of disposal or net present value of future cash flows which are estimated
             based upon the continued use of the asset in the business; (iii) details of further development of the
             CGU or segment, such as business plan and contracts with new customers in the coming year and
             their impact on the revenue and margins and (iv) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in
             preparing cash flow projections including whether these cash flow projections are discounted using
             an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions selected by management in assessing impairment,
             including the discount rates or the growth rate assumptions in the cash flow projections, could
             materially affect the net present value in the impairment test and as a result affect the Group’s
             financial condition and results of operations. If there is a significant adverse change in the projected
             performance and resulting future cash flow projections, it may be necessary to take an impairment
             charge to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


       (c)   Impairment of goodwill
             The Group tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment, which is in accordance with
             the accounting policy stated in Note 2.10. The recoverable amounts of CGUs have been determined
             based on fair value less cost of disposal estimated using the discounted cash flow method. These
             calculations require the use of estimates.


       (d)   Impairment of investments in joint ventures and associates
             The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the
             investments in the joint ventures and associates are impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates
             the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amounts of the joint ventures
             and associates and their carrying value. The respective recoverable amounts of investments are
             determined with reference to the higher of fair value less cost of disposal and value-in-use.




252
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     (d)   Impairment of investments in joint ventures and associates (Continued)
           The Group recognised impairment charge of RMB1,506,000,000 relating to one joint venture (Note
           11.1(c)) with significant notional goodwill arising from an acquisition during the year 2012 after
           assessment. The recoverable amount of the investment has been determined based on the higher of
           the investment’s fair value less cost of disposal (the “FVLCOD”) and its value-in-use, estimated using
           the discounted cash flow method, of which the higher is the investment’s FVLCOD. In determining
           the recoverable amount, post-tax discount rates of 13% have been applied to the post-tax cash
           flows expressed in real terms. The recoverable amount was determined by estimating cash flows
           for a period of five years. The cash flow projections are based on financial budgets approved by
           management covering a five-year periods. These cash flows are then aggregated with a “terminal
           value”. The terminal value represents the value of cash flows beyond the fifth year, incorporating
           an annual real-term growth rate of 2.1%. These calculations require the use of estimates.


           If the budgeted revenue during the forecast period used by management in the FVLCOD calculation
           had been decreased by 1%, the estimated recoverable amount of the joint venture should be lowered
           by approximately RMB291,000,000. If the post-tax discount rate applied to the cash flow projections
           had been 0.5% higher than management’s estimates on 31 December 2022, the estimated
           recoverable amount of the joint venture should be lowered by approximately RMB107,000,000.


     (e)   Warranty provisions
           Provision for product warranties granted by the Group in respect of certain products are recognised
           based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repair and returns, discounted to their
           present values as appropriate.




                                                                                                                   253
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
       (f)   Impairment of trade and other receivables
             The Group makes allowances on trade and other receivables based on assumptions about risk
             of default and expected loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and
             selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market
             conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.


             Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying
             amount of trade and other receivables and doubtful debt expenses in the periods in which such
             estimate has been changed. For details of the key assumptions and inputs used, see Note 3.1 above.


       (g)   Impairment of inventory
             The management of the Group assesses on the net realisable value of inventory at each reporting
             date based on the accounting policies stated in Note 2.15. The net realisable value is the estimated
             selling price in the current course of business, less applicable costs, variable selling expenses and
             tax charges. Even though the management of the Group has made the best estimate about the
             inventory impairment loss predicted to occur and provided allowance for impairment, the impairment
             assessment may still be significantly changed due to the change of market situations.


       (h)   Estimation of the fair value of certain financial assets
             The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using
             valuation techniques. The Group uses its judgement to select a variety of methods and make
             assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at the end of each reporting
             period. For details of the key assumptions used and the impact of changes to these assumptions
             see Note 3.3 above.


       (i)   Classification of financial assets
             The judgments in determining the classification of financial assets include the analysis of business
             models and the characteristics of contractual cash flows. An entity’s business model refers to how
             an entity manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. That is, the entity’s business
             model determines whether cash flows are arising from collecting contractual cash flows, selling
             financial assets or both.




254
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     (i)   Classification of financial assets (Continued)
           The business model of managing financial assets is not determined by a single factor or activity.
           Instead, the entity should consider all relevant evidence available when making the assessment.
           Relevant evidence mainly includes, but not limited to, how the cash flow of the Group of assets is
           collected, how the performance of the Group of assets is reported to key management personnel,
           and how the risk of Group of assets is being assessed and managed. The contractual cash flows
           characteristics of financial assets refer to the cash flow attributes of the financial assets reflecting
           the economic characteristics of the relevant financial assets (i.e. whether the contractual cash flows
           generated by the relevant financial assets on a specified date solely represents the payments of
           principal and interest). The principal amount refers to the fair value of the financial asset at initial
           recognition. The principal amount may change throughout the lifetime of the financial assets due
           to prepayment or other reasons. The interest includes the time value of money, the credit risk
           associated with the outstanding principal amount for a specific period, other basic lending credit
           risks, and the consideration of costs and profits.


     (j)   Estimation of the value of defined benefits obligation
           The present value of the pension obligations depends on a number of factors that are determined
           on an actuarial basis using a number of assumptions. Any changes in these assumptions will impact
           the carrying amount of pension obligations.


           Details of key assumptions and impact of possible changes in key assumptions are disclosed in
           Note 30.




                                                                                                                     255
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
       As at 31 December 2022, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                                      Particulars of registered    Interest held
                                                        Place of incorporation                                                            capital/issued share
       Name                                             and operations                      Legal status      Principal activities                      capital   Direct       Indirect


       Subsidiaries

       Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd.                      Mainland China              Joint stock company Provision of automotive             RMB2,268,750,000       27%             26%
       眾誠汽車保險股份有限公司                                                                   with limited liability insurance services

       GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Motor”)                Mainland China           Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of         RMB15,966,735,703      100%               –
       廣汽乘用車有限公司                                                                                                      automobiles

       Guangzhou Automobile Group Component Co., Ltd.   Mainland China           Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of          RMB1,478,910,000       51%             49%
          (“GAC Component”)                                                                                      automotive parts
       廣汽零部件有限公司

       Guangzhou Automobile Group Business Co., Ltd.    Mainland China           Limited liability company Trading of automobiles,          RMB3,528,512,000      100%               –
          (“GAC Business”)                                                                                        automotive parts
       廣汽商貿有限公司                                                                                                          and steel

       GAC Motor (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China           Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of          RMB4,231,280,000          –            51%
         (“GAC Motor Hangzhou”)                                                                                        automobile
       廣汽乘用車(杭州)有限公司

       GAC Capital Co., Ltd. (“GAC Capital”)            Mainland China           Limited liability company         Investment and           RMB2,100,000,000      100%               –
       廣汽資本有限公司                                                                                                         investment
                                                                                                                      management

       GAC Finance Co., Ltd (“GAC Finance”)             Mainland China           Limited liability company       Financial services         RMB1,400,000,000       90%             10%
       廣州汽車集團財務有限公司

       GAC AION New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd.         Mainland China           Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of          RMB7,803,388,361       65%             12%
         ("GAC AION")                                                                                                 automobiles
       廣汽埃安新能源汽車股份有限公司




256
                                                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
     (Continued)
     As at 31 December 2022, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as follows
     (continued):

                                                                                                                         Particulars of registered      Interest held
                                                          Place of incorporation                                             capital/issued share
     Name                                                 and operations                         Principal activities                      capital     Direct       Indirect


     Joint ventures

     GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC Honda”)         Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automobile            USD541,000,000         50%               –
     廣汽本田汽車有限公司                                                                                 and automotive parts

     GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Toyota”)            Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automobile           USD1,333,896,100        50%               –
     廣汽豐田汽車有限公司                                                                                 and automotive parts

     GAC Hino Motors Co., Ltd. (“GAC Hino”)               Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automobile          RMB2,220,000,000         50%               –
     廣汽日野汽車有限公司                                                                                 and automotive parts

     GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd              Mainland China             Provision of automotive financing         RMB3,000,000,000         50%               –
       (“GAC Sofinco”)                                                                                        services
     廣汽匯理汽車金融有限公司

     Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.            Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of motorcycle              USD49,000,000        50%               –
       (“Wuyang-Honda”)                                                                         and motorcycle parts
     五羊－本田摩托（廣州）有限公司


     GAC Mitsubishi Motors Co., Ltd. (“GAC Mitsubishi”)   Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automobile          RMB1,947,000,000         50%               –
     廣汽三菱汽車有限公司                                                                                 and automotive parts




                                                                                                                                                                               257
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
       (Continued)
       As at 31 December 2022, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as follows
       (Continued):


                                                                                                           Particulars of registered    Interest held
                                                          Place of incorporation                               capital/issued share
       Name                                               and operations              Principal activities                   capital   Direct     Indirect


       Associates


       GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd.                        Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of         USD670,940,000       30%               –
       廣汽豐田發動機有限公司                                                                       automotive parts


       Shanghai Hino Engine Co., Ltd.                     Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of           USD29,980,000      30%               –
       上海日野發動機有限公司                                                                       automotive parts


       Guangzhou TS Automotive Interior Systems Co., Ltd. Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of            USD3,860,000         –            48%
       廣州提愛思汽車內飾系統有限公司                                                                   automotive parts


       Guangzhou Intex Automotive Interior Parts Co., Ltd. Mainland China          Manufacture and sale of           USD22,500,000         –            25%
       廣州櫻泰汽車飾件有限公司                                                                      automotive parts


       Guangzhou Stanley Electric Company Limited         Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of           USD44,700,000         –            30%
       廣州斯坦雷電氣有限公司                                                                       automotive parts


       Guangzhou Denso Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of           USD23,022,409         –            40%
       廣州電裝有限公司                                                                          automotive parts




258
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the executive directors. The executive directors
     review the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate resources. Management
     has determined the operating segments based on these reports.


     For management purpose, the executive directors considered the nature of the Group’s products and
     services and determined that the Group has two reportable segments as follows:


     Vehicles and related operations segment – production and sale of a variety of passenger vehicles,
     commercial vehicles, automotive parts and related operations.


     Others – mainly production and sale of motorcycles, automobile finance and insurance, other financing
     services and investing business.


     Sales between segments are carried out on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length
     transactions. The revenue from external parties reported to the executive directors is measured in a
     manner consistent with that in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


     During the year ended 31 December 2022, no revenue from transactions with a single external customer
     counted to 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.




                                                                                                                  259
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2022 and other segment items included in the
       consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                                    Vehicles and
                                                              related operations     Others      Eliminations    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


       Total gross segment revenue                                  106,771,696     3,937,660       (702,919)              –     110,006,437
       Inter–segment revenue                                           (336,229)     (366,690)       702,919               –               –


       Revenue (from external customers)                            106,435,467     3,570,970               –              –     110,006,437


       Segment results                                                (5,895,702)    320,085          (76,523)             –      (5,652,140)
       Unallocated income – Interest income of
         headquarters                                                          –            –               –         35,026          35,026
       Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                         –            –               –     (1,050,737)     (1,050,737)


       Operating loss                                                                                                             (6,667,851)
       Finance costs                                                   (272,553)      (7,554)               –        (70,919)       (351,026)
       Interest income                                                  170,236       12,771                –        147,513         330,520
       Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates
           accounted for using the equity method                     13,397,583      667,576                –              –      14,065,159


       Profit before income tax                                                                                                    7,376,802
       Income tax credit/(expense)                                      588,442       (45,179)              –         (7,723)        535,540


       Profit for the year                                                                                                         7,912,342


       Other segment information
       Depreciation and amortisation                                  6,548,644       52,148                –         88,971       6,689,763
       Net impairment losses on financial assets                        572,080       62,561                –              –         634,641
       Impairment charges of investment in a joint venture            1,506,000            –                –              –       1,506,000
       Impairment charges of inventories                                254,468            –                –              –         254,468
       Impairment charges of property, plant and
          equipment                                                     141,613             –               –              –         141,613
       Impairment charges of intangible assets                        1,090,605             –               –              –       1,090,605



260
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2022 and additions to non-current assets (other
     than investments in joint ventures and associates, deferred tax assets, FVPL, FVOCI and other long-term
     receivables) for the year then ended are as follows:


                                        Vehicles
                                     and related
                                      operations     Others     Eliminations       Unallocated       Consolidated
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


     Total assets                    143,769,818   56,077,528    (57,994,293)        48,221,721       190,074,774
     Total assets include:
     Investments in joint ventures
        and associates                33,197,871    4,612,908              –                  –        37,810,779


     Total liabilities                69,235,885   44,963,173    (56,557,123)        10,130,525        67,772,460


     Additions to non-current
       assets (other than
       Investments in joint
       ventures and associates,
       deferred tax assets, FVPL,
       FVOCI and other long-
       term receivables)              10,269,205      90,049               –                  –        10,359,254




                                                                                                                    261
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2021 and other segment items included in the
       consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                               Vehicles and
                                                         related operations     Others     Eliminations   Unallocated   Consolidated
                                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


       Total gross segment revenue                             73,698,922     2,452,102      (475,259)             –     75,675,765
       Inter-segment revenue                                     (220,700)     (254,559)      475,259              –              –


       Revenue (from external customers)                       73,478,222     2,197,543              –             –     75,675,765


       Segment results                                          (3,476,467)    409,824         12,324              –      (3,054,319)
       Unallocated income – Interest income of
         headquarters                                                    –            –              –       116,205        116,205
       Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                   –            –              –      (687,448)      (687,448)


       Operating loss                                                                                                     (3,625,562)
       Finance costs                                              (271,200)      (2,894)             –      (151,222)       (425,316)
       Interest income                                              23,199        5,615              –        29,744          58,558
       Share of net profit of joint ventures and
          associates accounted for using the equity
          method                                               10,810,930      592,970               –             –     11,403,900


       Profit before income tax                                                                                           7,411,580
       Income tax credit/(expense)                                334,978      (152,594)             –       (28,267)       154,117


       Profit for the year                                                                                                7,565,697


       Other segment information
       Depreciation and amortisation                            5,616,648       44,756               –        57,180      5,718,584
       Net impairment losses on financial assets                   98,129       45,339               –             –        143,468
       Impairment charges of inventories                          104,643            –               –             –        104,643
       Impairment charges of property, plant and
         equipment                                                 28,279             –              –             –         28,279
       Impairment charges of intangible assets                    556,182             –              –             –        556,182




262
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2021 and additions to non-current assets (other
     than investments in joint ventures and associates, deferred tax assets, FVPL, FVOCI and other long-term
     receivables) for the year then ended are as follows:


                                        Vehicles
                                     and related
                                      operations     Others     Eliminations       Unallocated       Consolidated
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


     Total assets                    119,244,879   37,943,997    (41,986,049)        39,047,762       154,250,589
     Total assets include:
     Investments in joint ventures
        and associates                32,634,891    4,292,096              –                  –        36,926,987


     Total liabilities                63,958,745   27,820,500    (40,615,907)        10,438,466        61,601,804


     Additions to non-current
       assets (other than
       Investments in joint
       ventures and associates,
       deferred tax assets, FVPL,
       FVOCI and other long-
       term receivables)               7,568,986      49,080               –                  –          7,618,066


     Revenue from external customers by geographical location is as follows:


                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2022           2021
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


     Mainland China                                                         106,877,302              73,788,301
     Overseas                                                                 3,129,135               1,887,464


                                                                            110,006,437              75,675,765



                                                                                                                     263
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       Non-current assets (other than Investments in joint ventures and associates, deferred tax assets, FVPL,
       FVOCI and other long-term receivables) located by geographical location are as follows:


                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2022           2021
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


       Mainland China                                                                        44,023,726     42,007,880
       Overseas                                                                                 200,064        149,249


                                                                                             44,223,790     42,157,129


       Analysis of revenue by category:


                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2022           2021
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


       Recognised at a point in time
       Sales of vehicles and related products                                                99,884,075     67,621,601


       Recognised over time
       Maintenance, transportation and other services                                         5,725,142      4,399,378


       Revenue under HKFRS 15                                                              105,609,217      72,020,979


       Revenue from other sources (Note (i))                                                  4,397,220      3,654,786


                                                                                           110,006,437      75,675,765


       (i)   Revenue from other sources includes insurance services, financing services and lease income.




264
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Contract liabilities
           The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:

                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


            Contract liabilities
             – Related parties                                                       80,808               273,540
             – Third parties                                                      1,944,074             2,353,362


                                                                                  2,024,882             2,626,902


           (i)     Significant changes in contract liabilities
                   Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers
                   while the underlying services are yet to be provided or the vehicles and related products are
                   yet to be delivered. The decrease in contract liabilities was mainly due to the acceleration
                   of sales turnover.


           (ii)    Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
                   The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting
                   period relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


                    Revenue recognised that was included in the
                     balance of contract liabilities at the beginning of
                     the year
                     – Related parties                                              273,540                58,605
                     – Third parties                                              2,353,362             1,434,254


                                                                                  2,626,902             1,492,859


           (iii)   Unsatisfied performance obligations
                   For the services the Group rendered, they are rendered in short period of time, which is
                   generally less than a year, and the Group has elected the practical expedient for not to
                   disclose the remaining performance obligations for these type of contracts.


                                                                                                                   265
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  7.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                   Office and other   Leasehold Construction in
                                                          Buildings     Machinery       Vehicles        Moulds           equipment improvements       progress           Total
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000


       Year ended 31 December 2021
         Opening net book amount                         8,910,389      6,841,183      1,033,208       964,943            612,490       259,321       1,451,676     20,073,210
         Additions                                          38,523        255,142        319,087       258,470            162,473         71,372      1,466,499       2,571,566
         Transfer from investment properties (Note 9)         8,714               –             –             –                  –             –              –            8,714
         Disposals                                           (1,546)       (29,147)     (228,936)       (66,863)           (43,231)            –              –        (369,723)
         Transfer to investment properties (Note 9)       (372,075)               –             –             –                  –             –              –        (372,075)
         Transfers                                         827,175         (77,220)       10,910       346,408              80,545             –     (1,187,818)               –
         Depreciation charge (Note 29)                    (595,084)      (799,058)      (350,765)     (361,876)          (206,059)       (95,001)             –      (2,407,843)
         Impairment charge (Note 29)                              –          (3,602)       (7,918)      (16,493)              (266)            –              –          (28,279)


         Closing net book amount                         8,816,096      6,187,298       775,586      1,124,589           605,952        235,692       1,730,357     19,475,570


       As at 31 December 2021
         Cost                                           11,642,733     11,001,455      1,679,290      3,431,751         1,279,452        946,501      1,731,380      31,712,562
         Accumulated depreciation and impairment         (2,826,637)    (4,814,157)     (903,704)    (2,307,162)         (673,500)      (710,809)         (1,023)   (12,236,992)


         Net book amount                                 8,816,096      6,187,298       775,586      1,124,589           605,952        235,692       1,730,357     19,475,570


       Year ended 31 December 2022
         Opening net book amount                         8,816,096      6,187,298        775,586     1,124,589            605,952       235,692       1,730,357     19,475,570
         Additions                                         128,160        713,915        399,252       192,850            235,814        98,705       1,969,158      3,737,854
         Transfer from investment properties (Note 9)      705,998              –              –             –                  –             –               –        705,998
         Disposals                                               –        (47,521)      (261,893)       (2,036)            (6,113)            –               –       (317,563)
         Transfer to investment properties (Note 9)       (105,620)             –              –             –                  –             –               –       (105,620)
         Transfers                                         861,889      1,281,204          1,034       165,592            133,073             –      (2,442,792)             –
         Depreciation charge (Note 29)                    (544,798)      (996,283)      (317,047)     (393,843)          (248,774)      (93,263)              –     (2,594,008)
         Impairment charge (Note 29)                           (59)        (5,182)       (13,724)      (81,653)           (17,893)            –         (23,102)      (141,613)


         Closing net book amount                         9,861,666      7,133,431       583,208      1,005,499           702,059        241,134       1,233,621     20,760,618


       As at 31 December 2022
         Cost                                           13,554,255     12,882,770      1,355,923      3,560,165         1,600,166      1,043,392      1,256,723      35,253,394
         Accumulated depreciation and impairment        (3,692,589)    (5,749,339)      (772,715)    (2,554,666)         (898,107)      (802,258)       (23,102)    (14,492,776)


         Net book amount                                 9,861,666      7,133,431       583,208      1,005,499           702,059        241,134       1,233,621     20,760,618



266
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



7.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
     (a)   Depreciation expenses have been charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
           as follows:


                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2022           2021
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


           Cost of sales                                                       2,162,825            2,000,895
           Selling and distribution costs                                        144,534              115,338
           Administrative expenses                                               286,649              291,610


                                                                               2,594,008            2,407,843



     (b)   As at 31 December 2022, certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)) were secured by the Group’s
           property, plant and equipment with the carrying value of approximately RMB119,109,000(2021:
           RMB26,751,000).


     (c)   As at 31 December 2022, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of
           certain of its property with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB2,789,710,000(2021:
           RMB1,543,824,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy
           or use those properties.


     (d)   During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounting to approximately RMB12,255,000
           (2021: RMB25,664,000) on qualifying assets (construction in progress). Borrowing costs were
           capitalised at rate of its general borrowings of 3.15%-5.19% (2021: 3.92%-5.19%).




                                                                                                                 267
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  8.   LEASES
       This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.


       (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
             The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


             Right-of-use assets
              Land-use rights (Notes(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv))                  5,534,907     5,424,687
              Properties                                                        1,465,243     1,379,562
              Vehicles                                                              5,860        10,202
              Others                                                                8,474         3,215


                                                                                7,014,484     6,817,666


             Lease liabilities
              Current                                                             276,839       193,531
              Non-current                                                       1,297,402     1,270,196


                                                                                1,574,241     1,463,727


             Additions to the right-of-use assets during the 2022 financial year were approximately
             RMB548,324,000 (2021: RMB600,076,000). Non-cash transaction of acquisition and disposal
             of right-of-use assets during the 2022 financial year were approximately RMB463,164,000 and
             RMB51,676,000 respectively (2021: RMB358,379,000 and RMB125,977,000).




268
                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



8.   LEASES (Continued)
     (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet (Continued)

           (i)     The Group has land lease arrangement with mainland China government.

                   Land use rights represent the Group’s interests in land which are held on leases between 15 to 50 years. Movements
                   of the land use rights for the year are as follows:


                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


                   Beginning of the year
                    Cost                                                                            6,115,214            6,084,640
                    Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                          (690,527)            (605,683)


                    Net book amount                                                                 5,424,687            5,478,957


                   For the year ended
                    Opening net book amount                                                         5,424,687            5,478,957
                    Additions                                                                          85,159              238,104
                    Transferred from investment properties (Note 9)                                   199,585                3,593
                    Transferred to investment properties (Note 9)                                           –             (170,067)
                    Depreciation charge                                                              (174,524)            (125,900)


                    Closing net book amount                                                         5,534,907            5,424,687


                   End of the year
                    Cost                                                                            6,435,822            6,115,214
                    Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                          (900,915)            (690,527)


                    Net book amount                                                                 5,534,907            5,424,687


           (ii)    The amount of depreciation of the Group was primarily charged to cost of sales and administrative expenses in the
                   consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

           (iii)   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, there is no bank borrowing secured by the Group’s land use rights.

           (iv)    As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, there is no title certificate in application.




                                                                                                                                     269
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  8.   LEASES (Continued)
       (b)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
             The consolidated statement of comprehensive income shows the following amounts relating to
             leases:


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                   Notes       RMB’000         RMB’000


             Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
              Land-use rights                                                    174,524            125,900
              Properties                                                         315,485            252,023
              Vehicles                                                             5,435             10,968
              Others                                                               3,922              5,917


                                                                    29           499,366            394,808


             Interest expense (included in finance cost)            33            73,817             66,282
             Expense relating to short-term leases (included in
               cost of sales, selling and distribution costs and
               administrative expenses)                             29              9,560            35,050
             Expense relating to leases of low-value assets
               that are not shown above as short-term leases
               (included in administrative expenses)                29                 28               221


             The total cash outflow for leases in 2022 was approximately RMB371,899,000 (2021:
             RMB311,621,000).


       (c)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
             The Group leases various properties, vehicles, office and other equipment. Rental contracts are
             typically made for fixed periods of 6 months to 20 years, but may have extension options.


             Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
             conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests
             in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
             borrowing purposes.

270
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



9.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                   2022           2021
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


     Beginning of the year
      Cost                                                    2,486,541             1,788,356
      Accumulated depreciation and impairment                  (614,917)             (400,811)


      Net book amount                                          1,871,624            1,387,545


     For the year ended
      Opening net book amount                                 1,871,624             1,387,545
      Additions                                                       –                 30,045
      Transfer from land use rights (Note 8)                          –               170,067
      Transfer from property, plant and equipment (Note 7)      105,620               372,075
      Transfer to land use rights (Note 8)                     (199,585)                 (3,593)
      Transfer to property, plant and equipment (Note 7)       (705,998)                 (8,714)
      Depreciation charge (Note 29)                             (51,766)               (75,801)


      Closing net book amount                                  1,019,895            1,871,624


     End of the year
      Cost                                                    1,369,862             2,486,541
      Accumulated depreciation and impairment                  (349,967)             (614,917)


      Net book amount                                          1,019,895            1,871,624




                                                                                                   271
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  9.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
       (a)   The Group’s investment properties at their net book values are analysed as follows:


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2022           2021
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


             Mainland China                                                       1,006,244           1,857,824
             Hong Kong                                                               13,651              13,800


                                                                                  1,019,895           1,871,624



       (b)   As at 31 December 2022, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain
             investment properties with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB25,710,000 (2021:
             RMB40,341,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy
             or use those properties.


       (c)   Rental income from operating lease recognised in profit or loss for investment properties in 2022
             was approximately RMB34,891,000 (2021: RMB125,356,000).


       (d)   Leasing arrangements
             The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable
             monthly. Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income
             on a straightline basis over the lease term. There are no variable lease payments that depend on
             an index or rate.




272
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                       Patent,
                                                    proprietary
                                               technology and       Computer                 Development
                                                franchise right      software    Goodwill           costs              Total
                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000


    Year ended 31 December 2021
     Opening net book amount                           417,519        612,701     127,099       11,101,294          12,258,613
     Additions                                           47,550       390,861           –         4,280,668           4,719,079
     Amortisation charge (Note 29)                      (64,823)     (177,437)          –        (2,597,872)         (2,840,132)
     Impairment charge (Note 29)                          (9,500)           –           –          (546,682)           (556,182)
     Disposals                                              (159)           –           –                 –                (159)


     Closing net book amount                           390,587        826,125     127,099       12,237,408          13,581,219


    As at 31 December 2021
     Cost                                            1,430,137      1,442,327     127,099       26,425,097          29,424,660
     Accumulated amortisation and impairment        (1,039,550)      (616,202)          –      (14,187,689)        (15,843,441)


     Net book amount                                   390,587        826,125     127,099       12,237,408          13,581,219


    Year ended 31 December 2022
     Opening net book amount                           390,587        826,125     127,099       12,237,408          13,581,219
     Additions                                             740        447,389           –        5,078,379           5,526,508
     Amortisation charge (Note 29)                     (54,588)      (230,193)          –       (3,259,842)         (3,544,623)
     Impairment charge (Note 29)                          (142)        (1,992)          –       (1,088,471)         (1,090,605)
     Disposals                                               –              –      (1,324)               –              (1,324)


     Closing net book amount                           336,597      1,041,329     125,775       12,967,474          14,471,175


    As at 31 December 2022
     Cost                                            1,430,877      1,889,716     125,775       31,503,476          34,949,844
     Accumulated amortisation and impairment        (1,094,280)      (848,387)          –      (18,536,002)        (20,478,669)


     Net book amount                                   336,597      1,041,329     125,775       12,967,474          14,471,175




                                                                                                                                   273
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
      (a)   Amortisation of the Group’s intangible assets mainly charged to cost of sales.


      (b)   Goodwill arose from acquisition of businesses:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


            Denway                                                                                  90,299                  90,299
            Others                                                                                  35,476                  36,800


                                                                                                  125,775                 127,099

            (i)   Goodwill is allocated to the vehicles and related operations segment, which is operated in Mainland China. Impairment
                  testing is performed at each year end, and there was no material impairment for goodwill as at year end.


      (c)   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounting to
            approximately RMB87,143,000 (2021: RMB91,577,000) on qualifying assets (development costs).
            Borrowing costs were capitalised at rate of its general borrowings of 2.45%-5.19% (2021: 5.19%).




274
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
    The amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows:


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


    Investments in joint ventures                                                          28,095,173            26,904,507
    Investments in associates                                                               9,715,606            10,022,480


                                                                                           37,810,779            36,926,987


    The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2022           2021
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


    Share of profit of joint ventures (Note (i))                                           13,159,561            10,011,061
    Share of profit of associates (Note (i))                                                  905,598             1,392,839


                                                                                           14,065,159            11,403,900


    (i)   Unrealised profits or losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions are eliminated.




                                                                                                                               275
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures
                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


           Investment in unlisted shares                                                   28,095,173             26,904,507



           (a)   Movements of investments in joint ventures are set out as follows:
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2022           2021
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Beginning of the year                                                     26,904,507              24,654,320
                 Additions (Note (i))                                                       1,208,777               2,617,879
                 Capital reduction                                                            (20,646)                 (40,323)
                 Disposals                                                                    (50,219)                 (19,589)
                 Transfer from a joint venture to a subsidiary                               (121,555)                        –
                 Share of profits                                                          13,177,733              10,090,492
                 Impairment provision (Note (ii))                                          (1,506,000)                        –
                 Share of other reserves                                                       12,370                    (7,824)
                 Dividends declared                                                       (11,509,794)            (10,390,448)


                 End of the year                                                           28,095,173             26,904,507


                 (i)    The additions in 2022 mainly represent the Group’s additional capital contribution of approximately
                        RMB548,189,000 to GAC Toyota in proportion to its interest held. In addition, the Group contributed capital
                        of RMB300,000,000 and approximately RMB202,770,000 to Guangdong Chengqi Yuexin Zhiyuan Industrial
                        Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) and other twelve newly set up joint ventures.

                 (ii)   During the year ended 31 December 2022, an impairment loss of approximately RMB1,506,000,000 was
                        recognised for a joint venture.




276
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures (Continued)

         (b)   Set out below are the joint ventures of the Group collectively as “material joint
               ventures” as at 31 December 2022, which in the opinion of the directors, are material
               to the Group. The joint ventures as listed below are held directly by the Group. The
               country of incorporation or registration is also their principal place of business.
                                        Place of                          % of
               Name of joint            business/country             ownership      Nature of the           Measurement
               ventures                 of incorporation               interest     relationship                method


               GAC Honda                Mainland China                        50    Note 1                           Equity
               GAC Toyota               Mainland China                        50    Note 1                           Equity
               GAC Mitsubishi           Mainland China                        50    Note 1                           Equity
               GAC Hino                 Mainland China                        50    Note 1                           Equity
               GAC SOFINCO              Mainland China                        50    Note 1                           Equity
               Wuyang-Honda             Mainland China                        50    Note 1                           Equity


               Note 1: GAC Honda, GAC Toyota, GAC Mitsubishi, GAC Hino are companies manufacturing and selling automobiles
                       and automotive parts, GAC SOFINCO is a company providing automotive financing services, and Wuyang-
                       Honda is a company manufacturing and selling motorcycles and motorcycle parts. All of them are unlisted
                       companies.



         (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures
               Set out below is the summary of combined financial information for all the joint ventures of
               the Group (excluding goodwill). As restricted by the confidentiality agreements entered into
               with other shareholders of certain joint ventures, the Group has not disclosed certain financial
               data of material joint ventures separately. The aggregate of the financial information of the
               above six (2021: seven) material joint ventures identified by Directors covers over 90% of
               combined financial information of all the joint ventures of the Group listed below.


               The below financial information of the joint ventures has been consistently measured based
               on the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the date
               of acquisition.


               The information below reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the joint
               ventures (and not the Group’s share of those amounts) adjusted for differences in accounting
               policies between the Group and the joint ventures.


                                                                                                                              277
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures (Continued)

           (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                 Summarised balance sheet

                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                             2022           2021
                                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

                 Assets
                 Non–current assets                                                      90,548,547     86,276,133

                 Current assets
                  – Cash and cash equivalents                                            56,897,368     62,573,891
                  – Other current assets                                                 47,789,045     47,247,676

                                                                                        104,686,413    109,821,567

                 Total assets                                                           195,234,960    196,097,700

                 Liabilities
                 Non–current liabilities
                   – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and
                       other payables)                                                   23,621,472     20,315,422
                   – Other non-current liabilities (including trade and
                       other payables)                                                    8,931,280      6,813,910

                                                                                         32,552,752     27,129,332

                 Current liabilities
                  – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and
                      other payables)                                                    28,251,359     24,800,831
                  – Other current liabilities (including trade and
                      other payables)                                                    85,147,625     94,837,688
                 113,398,984                                              119,638,519




                                                                                        113,398,984    119,638,519

                 Total liabilities                                                      145,951,736    146,767,851

                 Net assets                                                              49,283,224     49,329,849
                 Less: Non-controlling interests                                             (9,570)        (22,875)

                                                                                         49,273,654     49,306,974


278
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures (Continued)

         (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
               Summarised statement of comprehensive income


                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2022           2021
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


               Revenue                                                   304,329,946         276,046,696
               Cost of sales                                            (256,996,217)       (233,472,212)
               Other expenditures                                        (27,626,934)         (22,146,463)


               Profit after tax                                          19,706,795            20,428,021
               Less: profit attributable to non-controlling interests          (145)                (3,993)


                                                                         19,706,650            20,424,028
               Other comprehensive income/(loss)                             13,850                (26,825)


               Total comprehensive income                                19,720,500            20,397,203




                                                                                                             279
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures (Continued)

           (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                 Set out below are the assets, liabilities, revenue and dividends of the material joint ventures
                 of the Group:


                                                   Assets                  Liabilities               Revenue           Dividends received
                 Name of joint ventures      As at 31 December        As at 31 December      Year ended 31 December Year ended 31 December

                                               2022        2021         2022         2021        2022         2021        2022        2021
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


                 GAC Honda                40,812,462   52,528,011   30,435,611   42,207,569 115,112,513 114,810,245    4,209,208   3,710,000
                 GAC Toyota               70,758,395   61,986,704   41,577,741   38,778,792 163,533,729 129,464,532    7,521,182   5,700,624
                 GAC Mitsubishi            5,961,413    9,461,560    5,953,804    7,458,539   4,256,226   8,271,681            –           –
                 GAC Hino                  1,255,733    1,693,865    1,160,822    1,299,523     272,129     711,506            –           –
                 GAC SOFINCO              56,816,996   47,679,127   49,467,749   40,825,947   4,427,522   4,347,106      184,564     200,000
                 Wuyang-Honda              3,307,185    3,330,478    1,600,799    1,768,611   6,106,648   5,953,649      156,758      91,010


                 Total                    178,912,184 176,679,745 130,196,526 132,338,981 293,708,767 263,558,719     12,071,712   9,701,634




280
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures (Continued)

         (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
               Reconciliation of share of the net assets to the carrying amount of the Group’s interests in
               the material joint ventures:


                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000


               Assets                                                                178,912,184            176,679,745
               Less: Liabilities                                                    (130,196,526)          (132,338,981)
                     Non-controlling interests                                            (9,570)                (22,875)


               Net assets excluding non-controlling interests                          48,706,088            44,317,889
               Percentage of ownership interest                                              50%                   50%


               Interests in material joint ventures                                    24,353,044            22,158,945
               Goodwill                                                                 2,916,552             2,916,552
                 – GAC Mitsubishi                                                       2,895,293             2,895,293
                 – Wuyang-Honda                                                            21,259                21,259


               Unrealised profits or losses resulting from
                downstream transactions                                                         (97)               (3,904)


               Impairment provision of an investment in a joint
                     venture (Note (i))                                                (1,506,000)                        –


               Carrying amount of investments in material joint
                ventures                                                               25,763,499            25,071,593


               (i)       The impairment charge of RMB1,506,000,000 was recognized for the investment in GAC Mitsubishi.




                                                                                                                              281
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.2 Investments In Associates
                                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                               2022           2021
                                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


           Unlisted companies                                                                               9,715,606                 10,022,480



           (a)   Movements of investments in associates are set out as follows:
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Beginning of the year                                                                    10,022,480                   8,749,243
                 Additions (Note (i))                                                                        182,141                   1,134,289
                 Disposal                                                                                   (110,675)                           –
                 Capital reduction                                                                           (25,342)                   (133,586)
                 Share of profits                                                                            918,455                   1,402,959
                 Dilution gains (Note 31)                                                                          –                     177,862
                 Share of other reserves                                                                     205,933                      (51,943)
                 Dividends declared                                                                       (1,477,386)                 (1,256,344)
                 Dividends declared                                                         (1,477,386)                 (1,256,344)




                 End of the year                                                                           9,715,606                  10,022,480


                 (i)                  The additions in 2022 mainly represent the Group’s additional capital contribution of approximately
                                      RMB149,964,000 to HYCAN Automotive Technology Co., Ltd. and RMB31,262,000 to Guangzhou Cosma
                                      Automotive Co., Ltd.




282
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.2 Investments In Associates (Continued)

         (b)   In the opinion of the board, there are no associates individually material to the
               Group. Set out below is the Group’s share of associates’ results:
                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                           2022           2021
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


               Associates
               Profit                                                    905,598             1,392,839
               Other comprehensive income/(loss)                          51,271                (51,218)


               Total comprehensive income                                956,869             1,341,621



         (c)   Particulars of the Group’s principal associates are set out in Note 5.




                                                                                                         283
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  12. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000


      Financial assets at amortised cost
        – Prepayments and long-term receivables
            (excluding prepayments) (Note 16)                            8,649,675     7,597,573
        – Trade and other receivables (excluding prepayments and
            value added tax recoverable) (Note 18)                      28,989,703    23,094,029
        – Time deposits (Note 19)                                        3,325,724     5,176,560
        – Restricted cash (Note 20)                                      1,976,589     1,624,390
        – Cash and cash equivalents (Note 21)                           34,222,113    17,234,963
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
        income (Note 14)                                                 5,803,302     2,306,766
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Note 15)    6,388,959     5,171,263


                                                                        89,356,065    62,205,544


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
        – Trade and other payables (excluding employee
            benefits payable, other taxes, government grants
            and taxes related to contract liabilities) (Note 25)        36,694,383    32,629,496
        – Borrowings (Note 26)                                          19,510,111    17,415,462
      Lease liabilities (Note 8)                                         1,574,241     1,463,727


      Total                                                             57,778,735    51,508,685




284
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX
    (a)   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
          offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes relate
          to the same taxation authority. The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is as
          follows:


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


          Deferred tax assets:                                                  3,899,553            2,957,680


          Set-off of deferred tax liabilities                                    (184,059)             (123,755)


          Deferred tax assets – net                                             3,715,494            2,833,925


          Deferred tax liabilities:                                              (316,459)             (268,173)


          Set-off of deferred tax assets                                          184,059              123,755


          Deferred tax liabilities – net                                         (132,400)             (144,418)


    (b)   The net movements on the deferred income tax account are as follows:


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


          As at 1 January                                                       2,689,507            1,985,572
          Tax recognised in profit or loss (Note 34)                              856,688              573,392
          Tax recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 35)                   36,899              130,543


          End of the year                                                       3,583,094            2,689,507




                                                                                                                 285
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
      (c)   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
            the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows:


                                                                Accrued                 Intangible               Fair value
                                                Impairment     expenses                      asset              changes of
            Deferred tax assets                   provision   and others   Provisions amortisation   Tax losses      FVOCI      Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


            Year ended 31 December 2021
            Opening book amount                    285,346       853,564     184,102      202,375      711,387            –   2,236,774
            Recognised in profit or loss           128,185       206,975      (35,384)    133,674      156,913            –     590,363
            Recognised in other comprehensive
              income                                      –            –            –            –            –     130,543    130,543


            Closing book amount                    413,531     1,060,539     148,718      336,049      868,300      130,543   2,957,680


            Year ended 31 December 2022
            Opening book amount                    413,531     1,060,539     148,718      336,049      868,300      130,543   2,957,680
            Recognised in profit or loss           230,221       157,010      54,528       70,476      392,131            –     904,366
            Recognised in other comprehensive
              income                                      –            –            –            –            –      37,507     37,507


            Closing book amount                    643,752     1,217,549     203,246      406,525     1,260,431     168,050   3,899,553




286
                                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
    (c)   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
          the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                      gains
                                              Accelerated      Revaluation    arising from      Share of
                                                  taxation     of financial       business       profit of
          Deferred tax liabilities            depreciation           assets   combination     associates         Others         Total
                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

          Year ended 31 December 2021
          Opening book amount                     (115,857)        (58,936)        (20,744)       (53,961)        (1,704)      (251,202)
          Recognised in profit or loss               (7,999)        30,987             610        (35,822)        (4,747)        (16,971)

          Closing book amount                     (123,856)        (27,949)        (20,134)       (89,783)        (6,451)      (268,173)

          Year ended 31 December 2022
          Opening book amount                     (123,856)        (27,949)        (20,134)       (89,783)        (6,451)      (268,173)
          Recognised in profit or loss             (59,657)         24,700          (9,469)        (4,790)         1,538        (47,678)
          Recognised in other comprehensive
            income                                        –              –               –              –          (608)           (608)

          Closing book amount                     (183,513)         (3,249)        (29,603)       (94,573)        (5,521)      (316,459)


    (d)   In accordance with the PRC tax law, tax losses may be carried forward against future taxable
          income for a period of five years. As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not recognise deferred
          tax assets in respect of losses amounting to RMB8,884,027,000 (2021: RMB8,168,400,000), as it
          is uncertain that future taxable profit will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.
          These tax losses will expire between 2023 and 2027.

                                                                                                            Unused tax losses for
                                                                                                            which no deferred tax
          Expire year                                                                                       asset was recognised
                                                                                                                        RMB’000

          2023                                                                                                                486,260
          2024                                                                                                              1,928,353
          2025                                                                                                              2,739,618
          2026                                                                                                                874,634
          2027                                                                                                              2,855,162


                                                                                                                            8,884,027



                                                                                                                                        287
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  14. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                         2022           2021
                                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


      Non-current assets
      Listed bond investments                                                                        1,102,108                   875,723
      Listed stocks                                                                                    430,337                   721,979
      Unlisted stocks                                                                                  181,181                         –


                                                                                                     1,713,626                1,597,702


      Current assets
      Listed bond investments                                                                        3,457,375                         –
      Unlisted notes receivable                                                                        632,301                   709,064


                                                                                                     4,089,676                   709,064


                                                                                                     5,803,302                2,306,766


      (i)    FVOCI of the Group comprise equity instruments which are not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected
             at initial recognition to recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers this classification
             to be more relevant.

      (ii)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss and other comprehensive income

             During the year, the following gains or losses were recognised:

                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2022              2021
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


             (Losses)/gains recognised in other comprehensive (loss)/income
               – Related to equity investments (Note 35)                                                 (140,356)                (364,899)
               – Related to debt investments (Note 35)                                                     (6,531)                   3,129


             Dividends from equity investments held at FVOCI recognised in
               other (losses)/gains-net in profit or loss
               – Related to investments held at the end of the reporting period                            10,388                   10,388




288
                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                       Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



15. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                       As at 31 December
                                                          2022           2021
                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000


    Non–current assets
    Debt instruments
     Listed bond investments                            185,069               294,198


                                                        185,069               294,198


    Equity instruments
     Unlisted other equity investments                1,471,849               942,552
     Listed preference shares                           512,317               676,846
     Listed stocks                                            –                32,031


                                                      1,984,166             1,651,429


    Current assets
    Debt instruments
     Unlisted financial products                      2,547,124             1,156,634
     Unlisted trust products                                  –                49,809
     Listed bond investments                             33,423                22,793


                                                      2,580,547             1,229,236


    Equity instruments
     Unlisted fund investments                        1,160,294             1,686,357
     Listed fund investments                            350,634               151,301
     Listed stocks                                      128,249               158,742


                                                      1,639,177             1,996,400


                                                      6,388,959             5,171,263




                                                                                        289
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  15. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)
      (i)    The Group classifies the following FVPL:

             •       debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or FVOCI

             •       equity investments that are held for trading, and

             •       equity investments for which the entity has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through OCI.

      (ii)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss

             During the year, the following gains or losses were recognised in profit or loss:

                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


             Fair value (losses)/gains on equity investments at FVPL recognised
               in other (losses)/gains-net (Note 31)                                                 (326,832)                95,765
             Fair value gains/(losses) on debt instruments at FVPL recognised
               in other (losses)/gains-net (Note 31)                                                    8,175               (118,072)


                                                                                                     (318,657)                (22,307)




290
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



16. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES
                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2022           2021
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


    Prepayments                                                                                  957,618                411,050


    Finance lease receivables (Notes (a) and (c))                                             5,089,879               5,613,226
    Other loans and receivables                                                                 993,360                 970,291
    Loans receivable (Note 18(c))                                                                     –               1,150,000
    Financial assets arising from continuing involvement (Note (b))                             195,160                       –
    Long-term deposits in a joint venture                                                     2,500,000                       –
    Long-term deposits                                                                          262,183                       –


                                                                                              9,040,582               7,733,517


    Less: provision for other long–term receivables                                             (390,907)               (135,944)


                                                                                              9,607,293               8,008,623


    (a)   As at 31 December 2022, certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)), borrowings related to automotive lease-back (Note 26(k))
          and resource financing (Note 26(l)) were secured by the Group’s short-term and long-term finance lease receivables with the
          carrying value of approximately RMB450,928,000 (2021: RMB126,413,000) and RMB800,046,000 (2021: RMB2,135,660,000).

          As at 31 December 2022, certain securitization debt (Note 26(j)) were secured by the Group’s short-term and long-term
          receivables with the carrying value of approximately RMB937,212,000 (2021:667,187,000) and RMB569,844,000 (2021:
          986,687,000), respectively.

    (b)   Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety

          The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,517,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
          2022-1”) in June 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABS-2022-1 of RMB1,517,000,000,
          out of which RMB1,420,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB97,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, 79.38%
          of which was acquired by the Group.

          The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB820,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
          2022-2”) in August 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABS-2022-2 of RMB820,000,000,
          out of which RMB763,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB57,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, 71.93%
          of which was acquired by the Group.




                                                                                                                                    291
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  16. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      (b)   Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety (Continued)

            The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB662,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
            2022-3”) in September 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABS-2022-3 of RMB662,000,000,
            out of which RMB618,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB44,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, 76.14%
            of which was acquired by the Group.

            The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,082,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABN-
            2022-2”) in November 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABN-2022-2 of RMB1,082,000,000,
            out of which RMB1,023,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB59,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, 74.00%
            of which was acquired by the Group.

            Since the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
            lease receivables and retained control of the underlying assets as at 31 December 2022, the Group only recognised the
            transferred assets to the extent of the continuing involvement of the ABS-2022-1, ABS-2022-2, ABS-2022-3, ABN-2022-2
            amounting to RMB195,160,000 as continuing involvement assets, and the associated liabilities amounting to RMB195,160,000
            as continuing involvement liabilities, which approximate the maximum exposure to losses from its involvement in the ABS-
            2022-1, ABS-2022-2, ABS-2022-3, ABN-2022-2.

      (c)   The amount of finance lease receivables refers to the amount that the Group should collect from the lessee for the purpose
            of transferring the leased assets which mainly is passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles during the lease term. The
            effective interest rate as at 31 December 2022 is 9.81% (2021: 9.66%).

                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


            Gross finance lease receivables balance                                                 9,279,343             9,405,100
            Less: Unearned finance income                                                            (885,056)             (668,946)
            Less: provision for impairment                                                           (261,289)             (108,456)


                                                                                                    8,132,998             8,627,698

            Less: current portion                                                                   (3,287,887)          (3,107,315)


            Non-current portion                                                                     4,845,111             5,520,383


            Movements of impairment allowances are as follows:

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


            At 1 January                                                                              108,456                55,955
            Provision for impairment loss                                                             152,833                52,501


            At 31 December                                                                            261,289               108,456




292
                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



16. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES (Continued)
    (c)   (Continued)
          Finance income on the net investment in the lease amounted to approximately RMB655,244,000 in the year ended 31
          December 2022 (2021: RMB637,745,000).



17. INVENTORIES
                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                         2022           2021
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


    Raw materials and consumables                                                     5,510,950             3,910,313
    Work-in-progress                                                                    335,321               213,265
    Finished goods and merchandise                                                    6,906,822             4,191,105


                                                                                     12,753,093             8,314,683


    Less: provision for impairment                                                     (391,263)              (203,723)


                                                                                     12,361,830             8,110,960


    The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to approximately
    RMB77,643,707,000 (2021: RMB50,488,019,000).


    As at 31 December 2022, certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)) and notes payable (Note 25(d)) were
    secured by the Group’s inventories with the carrying value of approximately RMB1,111,239,000 (2021:
    RMB717,801,000) and RMB1,136,388,000 (2021: RMB509,579,000), respectively.




                                                                                                                         293
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                         As at 31 December
                                                            2022           2021
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000


      Trade receivables (Notes (a) and (b))              8,959,530     7,515,188
      Less: provision for impairment                      (551,477)     (292,940)


      Trade receivables – net                            8,408,053     7,222,248
      Loans receivable (Note (c))                       10,365,047     5,154,788
      Dividends receivable (Note 41(b))                  3,674,120     4,209,208
      Finance lease receivables (Notes 16(a) and (c))    3,287,887     3,107,315
      Notes receivable                                      97,926     1,771,431
      Value added tax recoverable                        1,296,989     1,256,079
      Prepayments                                        1,309,827       759,965
      Entrusted loans (Note (d))                           262,398       261,612
      Consigned inventories (Note (f))                     493,600             –
      Financial assets held under resale agreements        448,677       142,845
      Other receivables                                  1,951,995     1,224,582


                                                        31,596,519    25,110,073




294
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
    (a)   Sales of passenger vehicles were normally made with advances from customers. Sales of other
          products were made on credit terms ranging from 0 to 365 days. As at 31 December 2022 and
          2021, the ageing analysis of these trade receivables is presented on the basis of the date of the
          relevant invoices as follows:


                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


          Within 1 year                                                      6,675,187             6,415,447
          Between 1 and 2 years                                              1,400,268               341,919
          Between 2 and 3 years                                                251,628               457,165
          Between 3 and 4 years                                                345,020                63,382
          Between 4 and 5 years                                                 58,152                75,561
          Over 5 years                                                         229,275               161,714


                                                                             8,959,530             7,515,188


          The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by
          HKFRS 9. As at 31 December 2022, a provision of approximately RMB551,477,000 was made
          against the gross amounts of trade receivables (2021: RMB292,940,000).


    (b)   Fair values of trade receivables


          Due to the short–term nature of the current receivables, their carrying amount is considered to be
          the same as their fair value.




                                                                                                                295
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      (c)   The balance represents loans to related parties and third parties in relation to provision of financing
            services by a subsidiary of the Group. The effective interest rate as at 31 December 2022 is 4.24%
            (2021: 4.09%).


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2022           2021
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


            Gross loan balance                                                   10,576,921           6,403,157
            Less: provision for impairment                                         (211,874)           (128,627)


                                                                                 10,365,047           6,274,530


            Less: current portion                                               (10,365,047)          (5,154,788)


            Non–current portion                                                             –         1,119,742


            Movements of impairment allowances are as follows:


                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2022           2021
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


            At 1 January                                                            128,627               82,010
            Provision for impairment loss                                            83,247               46,617


            At 31 December                                                          211,874             128,627


      (d)   The entrusted loans are mainly provided to related parties through financial institutions, which will
            be due in the year ended 31 December 2023. The effective interest rate as at 31 December 2022
            is 3.65% (2021: 3.85%).




296
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
    (e)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other receivables are denominated in the following
          currencies:


                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


          RMB                                                               31,434,356            24,831,180
          USD                                                                   79,988               206,936
          HKD                                                                   82,141                71,957
          EUR                                                                       34                     –


                                                                            31,596,519            25,110,073


    (f)   The balance represents the consigned inventories from a joint venture to whom we provide entrusted
          processing services.



19. TIME DEPOSITS
                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


    Denominated in:
     – RMB                                                                   3,179,348             5,044,357
     – USD                                                                     143,477               132,203
     – HKD                                                                       2,899                     –


                                                                             3,325,724             5,176,560


    The initial term of time deposits was over three months.




                                                                                                                297
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  20. RESTRICTED CASH
                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


      Deposits for letters of credit and bank notes                                192,396             326,562
      Security and other deposits                                                   48,701              24,305
      Mandatory reserve deposits with the People’s Bank of China
       (“PBOC”) (Note (a))                                                       1,735,492           1,273,523


                                                                                 1,976,589           1,624,390


      (a)   A subsidiary of the Group is required to place mandatory reserve deposits with the PBOC for its
            provision of financing service. Those deposits with the PBOC are not available for use in the Group’s
            daily operations.


            The carrying amount of the Group’s restricted cash is denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


            – RMB                                                                1,974,293           1,620,765
            – USD                                                                    2,296                   –
            – HKD                                                                        –               3,625


                                                                                 1,976,589           1,624,390




298
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



21. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


    Denominated in:
     – RMB                                                                      34,116,954            17,035,182
     – USD                                                                          54,514               173,198
     – HKD                                                                          28,911                23,318
     – EUR                                                                          19,020                    70
     – JPY                                                                           2,706                 3,187
     – Others                                                                            8                     8


                                                                                34,222,113            17,234,963


    As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand,
    deposits held at call with banks and bank deposits with original maturities of three months or less.

    (a)   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash (Note
          20) and time deposits (Note 19) were deposited in financial institutions without significant credit
          risk. Detail ratings of these financial institutions, as published by Shanghai Purang Financial Services
          Co., Ltd. are set out as follows:

                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


          AAA                                                                   39,355,372            23,456,509
          AA+                                                                       67,563               380,387
          Others and cash on hand                                                  101,491               199,017


                                                                                39,524,426            24,035,913


          Representing
           – Time deposits                                                       3,325,724             5,176,560
           – Restricted cash                                                     1,976,589             1,624,390
           – Cash and cash equivalents                                          34,222,113            17,234,963


                                                                                39,524,426            24,035,913



                                                                                                                   299
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  22. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                                         Foreign ordinary shares listed
                                                                  RMB ordinary shares of                                  outside mainland China of
                                                                       RMB1 each                                                  RMB1 each                                                   Total

                                                                      Number                                                   Number                                                  Number
                                                                     of shares               Share capital                    of shares               Share capital                   of shares                Share capital
                                                                  (thousands)                   RMB’000                    (thousands)                   RMB’000                   (thousands)                    RMB’000


      As at 31 December 2020                                       7,251,077                   7,251,077                    3,098,620                   3,098,620                  10,349,697                   10,349,697


      Employee share-based awards scheme
      – Proceeds from share issued (Note 23)                           8,130                        8,130                            –                           –                      8,130                         8,130
      Conversion of convertible bonds (Note 26 (h))                   12,766                       12,766                            –                           –                     12,766                        12,766
      As at 31 December 2021                          7,271,973                  7,271,973                   3,098,620                    3,098,620                   10,370,593                  10,370,593




      As at 31 December 2021                                       7,271,973                   7,271,973                    3,098,620                   3,098,620                  10,370,593                   10,370,593


      As at 31 December 2021                                       7,271,973                   7,271,973                    3,098,620                   3,098,620                  10,370,593                   10,370,593


      Employee share-based awards scheme
      – Proceeds from share issued (Note 23)                          23,206                       23,206                            –                           –                     23,206                        23,206
      Conversion of convertible bonds (Note 26 (h))                   93,365                       93,365                            –                           –                     93,365                        93,365


      As at 31 December 2022                                       7,388,544                   7,388,544                    3,098,620                   3,098,620                  10,487,164                   10,487,164




300
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. SHARE–BASED PAYMENTS
   Equity-settled share-based payment - the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted Share
   Incentive Scheme
   According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 4 December 2020, total
   102,101,330 A Share Options (“SO-III”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors, senior
   management and selected key employees (the “SO-III Recipients”). The grant date is 4 December 2020
   (the “Grant Date”).


   According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 4 December 2020, total
   102,101,330 Restricted Shares (“RS”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors, senior
   management and selected key employees (the “RS Recipients”). The grant date is 4 December 2020
   (the “Grant Date”).


   (a)   The Third A Share Options Scheme
         Each share option represents the right granted to the SO-III Recipients to acquire one share of the
         Company at pre-determined exercise price of RMB9.98 and conditions in the validity period as set
         out in the Third A Share Options Scheme (“SO-III Scheme”). The weighted average fair value of SO-
         III, as estimated at the Grant Date, was RMB4.98 per share option. This was calculated using the
         Black-Scholes share option pricing model. The significant inputs into the model are listed as follow:


         Exercise price determined at the Grant Date                                                  RMB9.98
         Expected option life (years)                                                                  3.4 years
         Share price at Grant Date                                                                    RMB13.29
         Estimated volatility of the share price                                                        27.33%
         Estimated dividend yields                                                                        0.00%
         Annual risk-free interest rate during the option life                                            3.06%




                                                                                                                 301
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      Equity-settled share-based payment - the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted Share
      Incentive Scheme (Continued)

      (a)   The Third A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
            The exercise price of SO-III will be adjusted when there is dividend payment, transfer from capital
            surplus to paid-in capital, distribution of dividends, share split, allotment of shares and share
            consolidation etc. As at 31 December 2022, the exercise price was adjusted from RMB9.98 to
            RMB9.55 per share.


            40%, 30% and 30% of the SO-III granted to the SO-III Recipients will become exercisable once
            per year in three years starting two years from the Grant Date, subject to the Group achieving the
            performance conditions as set out in the SO-III Scheme. The option has a contractual option term
            of 5 years starting from the grant date. The Company has no legal or constructive obligation to
            purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.


            Movements in the number of SO-III outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices
            are as follows:


                                                                                         2022

                                                                                Average
                                                                          exercise price            Number of
                                                                            in RMB per          share options
                                                                           share option           (thousands)


            At 1 January                                                              9.78           102,101
            Exercised – Batch I of SO-III (Note (i))                                  9.55           (23,206)
            Forfeited – Batch I of SO-III (Note (ii))                                 9.55            (5,275)
            Forfeited – Batch II of SO-III (Note (ii))                                9.55            (4,582)
            Forfeited – Batch III of SO-III (Note (ii))                               9.55            (4,582)


            At 31 December                                                            9.55            64,456




302
                                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
    Equity-settled share-based payment - the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted Share
    Incentive Scheme (Continued)

    (a)   The Third A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
          (i)    On 12 December 2022, the first one third of SO-III (“Batch I SO-III”) became exercisable. As at 31 December 2022,
                 23,206,034 units of Batch I SO-III were exercised by the SO-III Recipients. Accordingly, share capital and share
                 premium of the Company increased by RMB23,206,000 and RMB198,412,000, respectively. At the same time,
                 the Company derecognised the accumulative employee share option scheme reserve relating to exercised share
                 options of RMB115,566,000 and transferred this amount to share premium.

          (ii)   On 21 November 2022, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 5,824,342 units, 4,588,897
                 units and 4,588,903 units of Batch I SO-III, second one third of SO-III (“Batch II SO-III”) and third one third of SO-III
                 (“Batch III of SO-III”) were forfeited due to resignation or retirement of recipients, respectively.

                 Pursuant to supplementary announcement issued on January 2023, 9,040 units, 6,780 units and 6,780 units of
                 one recipient’s forfeited Batch I, Batch II and Batch III of SO-III were restored, respectively. After revision, 5,275,302
                 units of Batch I, 4,582,117 units of Batch II, and 4,582,117 units of Batch III were forfeited, respectively.



    (b)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
          All restricted shares granted are subject to a lock-up period of 24 months commencing from the
          Grant date, followed by an unlocking period of 1 to 3 years (three batches in proportion of 40%,
          30% and 30% for each 12 months). During the lock-up period, the RS Recipients shall not possess
          the right of disposal, such that the shares shall not be transferred, used as collateral or used for
          debt repayment. After the lock-up period, RS Recipients will be entitled to the related shares
          provided that all of the required performance conditions are met and the RS Recipients are still in
          employment with the Group.


          On 4 December 2020, the Company issued 102,101,330 restricted shares at a price of RMB4.99
          per share and received an amount of RMB509,486,000 in cash from participants, which was
          included in other payables as equity incentive repurchase obligation of the Company. The weighted
          average fair value of restricted shares, as estimated at the Grant Date, was RMB8.30 per share.
          On 4 December 2020, as a result of the issuance of restricted shares, the Company’s share
          capital and share premium increased by RMB102,101,000 and RMB407,385,000, respectively.
          Accordingly, the Company’s treasury shares increased by RMB509,486,000. As at 31 December
          2022, the repurchased price was adjusted from RMB4.99 to RMB4.56 due to dividend distribution.
          Accordingly, the Company’s treasury shares and other payables as equity incentive repurchase
          obligation of the Company decreased by RMB40,753,000 and RMB43,904,000, respectively.




                                                                                                                                         303
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      Equity-settled share-based payment - the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted Share
      Incentive Scheme (Continued)

      (b)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)
            Movements in the number of RS outstanding and their related weighted average repurchased
            prices are as follows:


                                                                                                             2022

                                                                                                 Average
                                                                                            repurchased                 Number of
                                                                                           price in RMB                  restricted
                                                                                           per restricted                   shares
                                                                                                   share              (thousands)


            Issued and unvested as at 1 January                                                         4.78                102,101
            Vested – Batch I RS (Note (i))                                                              4.56                (38,401)
            Forfeited but not repurchased (Note (i))                                                    4.56                 (7,327)


            Issued and unvested as at 31 December                                                       4.56                  56,373


            (i)   On 12 December 2022, 38,401,047 restricted shares (the first one third of RS (“Batch I RS”)) were vested.
                  Accordingly, treasury shares and other payables as equity incentive repurchase obligation of the Company decreased
                  by RMB175,150,000, respectively.

                  On 21 November 2022, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 7,349,992 units of RS
                  were forfeited due to resignation or retirement of recipients. As at 31 December 2022, repurchase of forfeited RS
                  has not yet completed.

                  Pursuant to a supplementary announcement issued on 5 January 2023, 22,600 units of one recipient’s forfeited
                  RS were restored, include 9,040 units, 6,780 units and 6,780 units of Batch I RS, second one third of RS (“Batch
                  II RS”) and third one third of RS (“Batch III RS”), respectively. After revision, 7,327,392 units of RS were forfeited,
                  and unvested restricted shares of Batch I, Batch II and Batch III of RS were 9,040 units, 28,181,923 units and
                  28,181,928 units, respectively.


      (c)   Total expenses recognised in profit or loss for SO-III and RS in 2022 were RMB152,037,000 and
            RMB258,797,000 (2021: RMB190,675,000 and RMB317,790,000), respectively.




304
      24. RESERVES
                                                                                                                        Investments in
                                                                                                                         joint ventures       Foreign     Share–based     Convertible      Statutory   Remeasurement of
                                                      Share     Treasury      Capital     Special    General     FVOCI and associates        currency    compensation         bonds          surplus    post–employment           Total      Retained
                                                   premium         stock     reserve      reserve    reserve    reserve         reserve    translation         reserve       reserve    reserve fund   benefit obligations     reserves       earnings          Total
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2021                     31,300,139   (509,486)   (8,988,468)     41,597   413,798    410,715                –        (4,493)        525,418       240,642       5,498,401                     –    28,928,263     45,097,071    74,025,334


         Profit for the year                               –          –             –           –          –           –              –             –                –             –              –                     –              –     7,511,030     7,511,030
         Transfer of gains on disposal of
            financial instruments to retained
            earnings (Note(i))                             –          –             –           –          –     (59,770)             –             –                –             –              –                     –        (59,770)       59,770             –
         Dividend declared by the Company                  –          –             –           –          –           –              –             –                –             –              –                     –              –    (2,070,613)   (2,070,613)
         Revaluation-gross                                 –          –             –           –          –   (363,223)              –             –                –             –              –                     –      (363,223)             –      (363,223)
         Deferred tax                                      –          –             –           –          –    130,543               –             –                –             –              –                     –       130,543              –       130,543
         Impairment of debt instruments
            at FVOCI                                       –          –             –           –          –        384               –             –                –             –              –                     –           384              –           384
         Share of other changes in net assets
            of joint ventures and associates               –          –        4,863            –          –           –        (64,630)            –                –             –              –                     –       (59,767)             –       (59,767)
         Other currency translation differences            –          –            –            –          –           –              –        (3,296)               –             –              –                     –         (3,296)            –         (3,296)
         Remeasurement of post-employment
            benefit obligations                            –          –             –           –          –           –              –             –                –             –              –                (4,240)       (4,240)             –        (4,240)
         Employee share-based awards
            scheme (Note 23)
            − Value of employee services                  –           –             –           –          –           –              –             –         508,465              –              –                     –      508,465               –      508,465
            − Proceeds from shares issued            90,186           –             –           –          –           –              –             –          (17,155)            –              –                     –       73,031               –       73,031
         Transactions with non-controlling
            interests                                22,746           –             –           –          –           –              –             –                –             –              –                     –        22,746              –       22,746
         Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
            − Conversion of convertible bonds       185,692           –             –           –          –           –              –             –                –       (16,776)             –                     –      168,916               –      168,916
         Others                                           –           –             –       3,408          –           –              –             –                –             –              –                     –        3,408               –        3,408


         As at 31 December 2021                   31,598,763   (509,486)   (8,983,605)     45,005   413,798    118,649          (64,630)       (7,789)      1,016,728       223,866       5,498,401                (4,240)   29,345,460     50,597,258    79,942,718


         (i)            The Group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity instruments in other comprehensive income. These
                        changes are accumulated with FVOCI reserve with equity. The Group transfers amounts from this reserve to retained earnings when the relevant equity
                        instruments are derecognised.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




305
306
      24. RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                                    Investments                                                                Remeasurement
                                                                                                                                          in joint                                                                    of post–
                                                                                                                                   ventures and         Foreign Share–based      Convertible       Statutory      employment
                                                              Share    Treasury      Capital      Special    General     FVOCI        associates       currency compensation         bonds           surplus           benefit        Total      Retained
                                                           premium        stock      reserve      reserve    reserve    reserve          reserve     translation     reserve        reserve     reserve fund       obligations     reserves      earnings       Total
                                                           RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


          As at 1 January 2022                            31,598,763   (509,486)   (8,983,605)     45,005    413,798    118,649          (64,630)       (7,789)     1,016,728       223,866        5,498,401            (4,240)   29,345,460    50,597,258 79,942,718


          Profit for the year                                      –          –             –           –          –          –                 –            –              –              –               –                 –            –      7,982,930 7,982,930
          Appropriation to general reserve fund                    –          –             –           –    125,453          –                 –            –              –              –               –                 –      125,453       (125,453)          –
          Dividend declared by the Company                         –          –             –           –          –          –                 –            –              –              –               –                 –            –     (2,403,559) (2,403,559)
          Revaluation-gross                                        –          –             –           –          –   (144,976)                –            –              –              –               –                 –      (144,976)           –     (144,976)
          Deferred tax                                             –          –             –           –          –     36,899                 –            –              –              –               –                 –        36,899            –       36,899
          Impairment of debt instruments at FVOCI                  –          –             –           –          –      1,579                 –            –              –              –               –                 –         1,579            –        1,579
          Share of other changes in net assets of joint
             ventures and associates                               –          –      143,553            –          –          –           58,524             –              –              –               –                 –      202,077             –      202,077
          Other currency translation differences                   –          –             –           –          –          –                 –        6,839              –              –               –                 –        6,839             –        6,839
          Remeasurement of post-employment benefit
             obligations                                           –          –             –           –          –          –                 –            –              –              –               –              860           860             –          860
          Employee share-based awards scheme
             (Note 23)
             − Value of employee services                         –           –             –           –          –          –                 –            –        410,834              –               –                 –      410,834             –      410,834
             − Proceeds from shares issued                  313,978     215,903             –           –          –          –                 –            –       (115,566)             –               –                 –      414,315             –      414,315
          Transactions with non-controlling
             interests (Note 40)                                   –          –    15,061,788           –          –          –                 –            –              –              –               –                 –    15,061,788            – 15,061,788
          Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
            − Conversion of convertible bonds              1,406,945          –             –           –          –          –                 –            –              –       (122,692)              –                 –     1,284,253            –    1,284,253
            – Redemption of convertible bonds               101,174           –             –           –          –          –                 –            –              –       (101,174)             –                  –             –            –            –
          Others                                                  –           –             –       4,985          –          –                 –            –              –              –              –                  –         4,985            –        4,985



          As at 31 December 2022                          33,420,860   (293,583)    6,221,736      49,990    539,251     12,151            (6,106)        (950)     1,311,996              –       5,498,401            (3,380)   46,750,366    56,051,176 102,801,542
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2022           2021
                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


    Trade payables (Note (a))                                                16,893,513           15,079,090
    Customer deposits (Note (c))                                              6,473,637            4,936,488
    Employee benefits payable                                                 3,458,508            2,964,698
    Development cost payables                                                 1,587,578            1,630,633
    Unearned premium reserves                                                 1,424,364            1,337,222
    Sales rebate                                                              1,401,744            1,258,132
    Payable for mould expenses                                                1,274,838            1,390,003
    Notes payable (Note (d))                                                    964,550              866,553
    Construction cost payables                                                  616,528              516,006
    Claim reserves                                                              614,096              478,251
    Advertising expense payables                                                599,537              707,381
    Other taxes (Note (b))                                                      577,752              716,040
    Deposit payables                                                            327,961              316,986
    Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                                  316,556              528,976
    Taxes related to contract liabilities                                       292,917              353,090
    Treasury stock payable (Notes 23 and 24)                                    290,432              509,486
    Financial liabilities arising from continuing involvement (Note 16(b))      195,160                    –
    Government grants                                                           112,281              326,297
    Loan payable to a third-party                                                     –              200,000
    Other payables                                                            3,713,889            2,521,199


                                                                             41,135,841           36,636,531

    Less: non-current portion of trade and other payables                    (1,010,027)             (773,048)


    Current portion                                                          40,125,814           35,863,483




                                                                                                               307
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
      (a)   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, ageing analysis of trade payables is presented on the basis of the date of the relevant
            invoices as follows:

                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                                         15,774,374              14,670,857
            Between 1 and 2 years                                                                    953,960                 282,607
            Between 2 and 3 years                                                                     62,544                  52,624
            Over 3 years                                                                             102,635                  73,002


                                                                                                  16,893,513              15,079,090


      (b)   Balances of other taxes include value–added tax payables, consumption tax payables and other taxes payables.

      (c)   The balance represents deposits mainly placed by customers to a subsidiary of the Group in relation to its provision of
            financing service. The interest rate as at 31 December 2022 is adjusted to the prevailing savings interest rate published by
            the PBOC.

      (d)   As at 31 December 2022, certain notes payable were secured by the Group’s inventories (Note 17).

      (e)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


            RMB                                                                                   41,074,455              36,543,423
            USD                                                                                       57,558                  90,480
            HKD                                                                                        3,828                   2,628


                                                                                                  41,135,841              36,636,531




308
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. BORROWINGS
                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                2022           2021
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


   Non–current
   Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions
    – secured (Note (a))                                        72,909              126,019
    – unsecured                                              4,780,643            2,576,103


                                                             4,853,552            2,702,122

   Securitization debts (Note (j))                            498,767               739,746
   Borrowings related to automotive lease-back (Note (k))     315,619               853,447
   Recourse financing (Note (l))                               29,345               236,288
   Corporate bonds – guaranteed (Note (i))                          –             2,995,121


   Total non-current borrowings                              5,697,283            7,526,724


   Current
   Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions
    – secured (Note (a))                                     2,842,946              810,112
    – unsecured                                              6,394,159            4,856,714


                                                             9,237,105            5,666,826

   Corporate bonds-guaranteed (Notes (i))                    2,999,133                    –
   Securitization debts (Note (j))                             899,773              898,675
   Borrowings related to automotive lease-back (Note (k))      214,629              432,877
   Recourse financing (Note (l))                               206,943              159,559
   Interest payables                                           155,245              256,359
   Entrusted loans from related parties – unsecured            100,000              100,000
   Convertible bonds (Note (h))                                      –            2,374,442


   Total current borrowings                                 13,812,828            9,888,738


   Total borrowings                                         19,510,111           17,415,462



                                                                                              309
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
      (a)   As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s borrowings were secured by the Group’s certain property, plant and equipment,
            restricted cash, inventories, trade receivables and long-term receivables.

      (b)   The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes and the contractual repricing dates at the balance sheet
            dates are as follows:

                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                                        17,101,664            11,954,738
            Between 1 and 5 years                                                                 2,408,447             5,460,724


                                                                                                 19,510,111            17,415,462


      (c)   The maturities of the Group’s total borrowings at respective balance sheet dates are set out as follows:


                                                                As at 31 December                      As at 31 December
                                                                       2022                                   2021
                                                                   Bank                                   Bank
                                                             borrowings           Others             borrowings          Others
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000                RMB’000          RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                      9,237,105          4,575,723           5,666,826         4,221,912
            Between 1 and 2 years                              1,846,197            675,360           2,021,705         4,129,429
            Between 2 and 5 years                              2,806,104            168,371             677,753           695,173
            Over 5 years                                         201,251                  –               2,664                 –


                                                             14,090,657           5,419,454           8,368,948         9,046,514


      (d)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are all denominated in RMB.




310
                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
    (e)   The weighted average effective interest rates at the respective balance sheet dates are set out as follows:

                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2022                     2021


          Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions                                     3.23%                   3.99%
          Corporate bonds                                                                            5.23%                   5.23%
          Borrowings related to automotive lease-back                                                4.50%                   4.82%
          Recourse financing                                                                         5.07%                   4.82%
          Securitization debts                                                                       3.66%                   3.43%
          Entrusted loans from related parties                                                       2.25%                   2.25%
          Convertible bonds                                                                              –                   2.98%


    (f)   As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the non-current borrowings is approximately RMB5,468,526,000 (2021:
          RMB7,456,514,000). The carrying amount of the Group’s current borrowings is approximate to their fair value.

    (g)   The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the years ended 31 December 2022
          and 2021.

    (h)   Convertible bonds

          On 22 January 2016, the Group issued 41,055,800 units of convertible bonds at a total par value of RMB4,105,580,000,
          with an interest rate of 0.20% in the first year, 0.50% in the second year, 1.00% in the third year, 1.50% in the fourth
          year, 1.50% in the fifth year and 1.60% in the sixth year. The bonds mature six years from the issue date at their par
          value of RMB4,105,580,000 or can be converted into shares at the holder’s option. At the time of issuance, after netting
          of transaction cost of RMB44,546,000 (transaction cost was allocated proportionally to liability component and equity
          component of convertible bonds), the Company determined the value of the liability component (RMB3,672,418,000) and
          the equity component (RMB387,578,000). The fair value of the liability component of convertible bonds included in non-
          current borrowings was calculated using a market interest rate for equivalent non-convertible bonds. The liability component
          is subsequently stated at amortised cost until the bonds are converted to shares or the maturity of the bonds. The residual
          amount, representing the value of the equity component, is included in other reserves of shareholders’ equity.

          The conversion price of convertible bonds will be adjusted upon occurrence of issuance of bonus shares, transfer of reserve
          to share capital, issuance of new shares (excluding issue of new shares upon conversion of convertible bonds), share
          allotment and distribution of cash dividends.

          For the year ended 31 December 2022, certain convertible bond holders partially converted the convertible bonds in the
          principal amount of RMB1,299,670,000 into shares of the Company. The Company allotted and issued a total of 93,364,832
          shares to such convertible bond holders at the conversion prices of RMB13.92 per share. Upon the conversion, the Company
          derecognised the liability component of RMB1,377,618,000 and transferred this amount with equity component (convertible
          bonds reserve) of RMB122,692,000 into share capital and share premium.

          For the year ended 31 December 2022, the convertible bonds in the principal amount of RMB1,071,717,000 were redeemed
          by the Company at a total consideration of RMB1,136,020,000. Upon the redemption, the Company derecognised the
          liability component of RMB1,136,020,000 and transferred equity component (convertible bonds reserve) of RMB101,174,000
          into share premium. As at 31 December 2022, balances of the liability component of the convertible bonds recognised in
          borrowings and the equity component of the convertible bonds recognised in reserves were nil, respectively.




                                                                                                                                         311
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
      (h)   Convertible bonds (Continued)

            The convertible bonds recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are calculated as follows:

                                                                                                                               RMB’000


            Liability component at 1 January 2021                                                                             2,602,981
            Conversion of convertible bonds                                                                                    (181,682)
            Interest expense                                                                                                     89,434
            Interest payables                                                                                                  (136,291)


            Liability component at 31 December 2021                                                                           2,374,442


            Liability component at 1 January 2022                                                                              2,374,442
            Conversion of convertible bonds                                                                                   (1,377,618)
            Redemptions of convertible bonds                                                                                  (1,136,020)
            Interest expense                                                                                                       5,131
            Decrease of interest payables                                                                                        134,065


            Liability component at 31 December 2022                                                                                     –


      (i)   In March 2013, the Company issued ten-year period corporate bonds with par value of RMB3,000,000,000 at the weighted
            average effective interest rate of 5.23% per annum. The related interest is payable on an annual basis. These corporate
            bonds will be fully redeemed at par in March 2023, and are with a full-amount, unconditional, irrevocable and jointly-liability
            guarantee by GAIG.

      (j)   The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,000,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
            2021”) in 2021. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group issued ABS-2021 of RMB1,000,000,000, out of
            which RMB950,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB50,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was fully
            acquired by the Group. The ABS-2021 bore interest from 26 November 2021 at 2.8%-6.5% per annum. The Group has
            already repaid ABS-2021 of approximately RMB549,174,000 by the end of 31 December 2022.

            The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,253,621,000 asset-backed notes (“ABN-
            2021”) in 2021. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group issued ABN-2021 of RMB1,253,621,000, out of
            which RMB1,137,714,000 represented senior tranche and RMB115,907,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was
            fully acquired by the Group. The ABN-2021 bore interest from 16 July 2021 at 3.6%-4.98% per annum. The Group has
            already repaid ABN-2021 of RMB884,200,000 by the end of 31 December 2022.

            The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,501,000,000 asset-backed notes (“ABN-
            2022-1”) in 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABN-2022-1 of RMB1,501,000,000, out of
            which RMB1,414,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB87,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was
            fully acquired by the Group. The ABN-2022-1 bore interest from 16 January 2022 at 3.55%-6.30% per annum in 2022. The
            Group has already repaid ABN-2022-1 of approximately RMB689,837,000 by the end of 31 December 2022.

            As the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the above financial lease receivables related to
            the ABS-2021, ABN-2021 and ABN-2022-1, the Group continues to recognise the finance lease receivables. The securities
            are repaid as collections on the underlying collateralized assets occur and the amounts are included in borrowings.




312
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
    (k)   As at 31 December 2022, a subsidiary of the Group has entered into several automotive lease-back agreements with several
          financial institutions. Those lease-back borrowings are with recourse to finance lease receivables.

    (l)   As at 31 December 2022, a subsidiary of the Group has entered into several factoring agreements. Those factoring borrowings
          were recoursed to the finance lease receivables.




27. PROVISIONS
                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2022           2021
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


    Non–current
    Warranty provisions (Note (i))                                                               590,987                 550,196
    Litigation provisions                                                                         42,843                   4,080
    Onerous contracts                                                                             41,361                     756
    Other provisions                                                                               7,077                   4,309


    Total non-current provisions                                                                 682,268                 559,341


    Current
    Warranty provisions (Note (i))                                                               344,740                 357,862


    Total provisions                                                                          1,027,008                  917,203


    (i)   Provision for product warranties granted by the Group for certain products is recognised based on sales volume and past
          experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their present value as appropriate.




                                                                                                                                    313
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  28. GOVERNMENT GRANTS

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2022           2021
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


      Beginning of the year                                                            2,195,521            2,555,825
      Increase in grant                                                                  376,084              209,418
      Amount recognised in profit or loss (Note 29)                                     (388,627)            (369,722)
      Other decrease in grant (Note(i))                                                        –             (200,000)


      End of the year                                                                  2,182,978            2,195,521


      (i)   The amount represents government grants that should be refunded to the government as the attached performance
            conditions were not fulfilled.




314
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



29. PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
    The Group’s profit before income tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


    Raw materials and consumables used                                        80,533,819            50,290,992
    Changes in inventories of finished goods, merchandise and
      work-in-progress                                                         (2,890,112)             197,027
    Depreciation and amortisation (Notes 7, 8, 9 and 10)                        6,689,763            5,718,584
    Impairment charges of property, plant and equipment (Note 7)                  141,613               28,279
    Impairment charges of intangible assets (Note 10)                           1,090,605              556,182
    Impairment charges of inventories                                             254,468              104,643
    Taxes and levies                                                            2,242,201            1,823,821
    Transportation and traveling expenses                                       2,169,089            1,994,807
    Advertising costs                                                           2,172,931            2,386,568
    Warranty expenses                                                             548,204              658,953
    Amortisation of government grants (Note 28)                                  (388,627)            (369,722)
    Operating lease expenses (Note 8(b))                                            9,588               35,271
    Auditors’ remuneration
      – Audit service                                                                19,449              12,607
      – Non-audit service                                                             6,702               8,030


    For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recognised research and development expenditure of
    approximately RMB4,678,858,000 (2021: RMB3,424,656,000) as cost of sales and administrative expenses
    in the profit or loss, including current year expensed research costs of approximately RMB1,419,016,000
    (2021: RMB826,783,000) and amortisation of capitalised development costs of RMB3,259,842,000 (2021:
    RMB2,597,872,000) (Note 10).


    For the information of employee benefit expenses, please refer to Note 30.




                                                                                                                  315
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


      Wages and salaries                                                                         8,833,873               7,737,818
      Defined benefits and other social security costs (Note (a))                                1,228,068               1,063,971
      Welfare, medical and other expenses                                                        1,191,767                 553,397
      Housing benefits (Note (b))                                                                  615,662                 560,810
      Share-based compensation recognised for the Third A Share
       Options Scheme and Restricted Shares Incentive Scheme
       (Notes 23)                                                                                  410,834                 508,465


                                                                                               12,280,204              10,424,461


      (a)   The Group’s employees in the PRC are covered by certain defined contribution pension schemes regulated by the relevant
            municipal and provincial governments in the PRC, pursuant to which the municipal and provincial governments undertake
            to assume the retirement benefit obligations payable to all existing and retired employees. The contributions to the scheme
            are expensed as incurred.

            During the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, there were no forfeited contributions (by employers on behalf of
            employees who leave the scheme prior to vesting fully in such contributions) may be used to offset existing contributions
            under the defined contribution pension schemes.

            The Group operates defined benefit pension plan and post–employment medical plans for certain employees. Expenses are
            recognised when employees have rendered services entitling them to the contribution.

            The amount of defined benefit pension plan and post–employment medical plans represents the present value of the total
            estimated amount of future benefits that the Group is committed to pay for eligible employees as at the end of the reporting
            period. The Group’s obligations were estimated using projected unit credit method by qualified staff (member of China
            Association of Actuaries and member of society of Actuaries in America) of an external independent actuary Willis Towers
            Watson Public Limited Company.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, a provision of RMB89,897,000 (2021: RMB82,090,000) was recognised related
            to defined benefit pension plan and post–employment medical plans. For the year ended 31 December 2022, remeasurement
            gains arising from changes in actuarial assumptions of RMB860,000 (2021: losses of RMB4,240,000) are recognised in
            other comprehensive income. There were no plan assets related to the defined benefit pension plan and post–employment
            medical plans of the Group.




316
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
    (a)   The significant actuarial assumptions for the defined benefit pension plan and post–employment medical plans were as
          follows:

                                                                                                      2022                    2021


          Discount rate                                                                             3.00%                    2.75%
          Annual increase rate of supplemental medical insurance                                    2.00%                    2.00%
          Annual increase rate of physical examination benefits                                     2.00%                    2.00%
          Death rate                                                                 China life Insurance      China life Insurance
                                                                                         life expectancy           life expectancy
                                                                                              (2010-2013)              (2010-2013)

          As at 31 December 2022, if the discount rate had been 25 basis points higher/lower respectively, the present value of the
          established benefit plan obligation would have been RMB2,380,000 lower or RMB2,470,000 higher. The above sensitivity
          analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely
          to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit
          obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same method has been applied as when calculating the defined benefit
          liability recognised in the consolidated balance sheet.

    (b)   The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution housing fund scheme administered by a government agency are
          determined at a certain percentage of the salaries of the employees. The contributions to the scheme are expensed as
          incurred.

    (c)   Five highest paid individuals

          The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 include 1
          director (2021: 2 directors and supervisors) whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in Note 44. The
          emoluments to the remaining 4 (2021: 3) individuals during the year ended 31 December 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


          Basic salaries, housing fund and other allowances                                          4,039                   2,996
          Employer’s contributions to a retirement benefit scheme                                    1,009                     653
          discretionary Bonuses                                                                      8,019                   4,500


                                                                                                    13,067                   8,149




                                                                                                                                      317
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
      (c)   Five highest paid individuals (continued)

            The number of non–directors/non–supervisors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands
            are as follows:

                                                                                              Number of employees
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2022                    2021


            RMB2,500,001 – 3,000,000                                                                    –                      3
            RMB3,000,001 – 3,500,000                                                                    3                      –
            RMB3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                    1                      –


                                                                                                        4                      3




  31. OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS – NET
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


      Government grants                                                                        671,332                683,317
      Net investment income related to investment in financial assets                          146,710                381,625
      Foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                                           51,027                 (33,964)
      Gains on acquisition of a subsidiary                                                      35,361                       –
      Gains on disposal of investment in joint ventures and associates                          10,425                      12
      Gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
        intangible assets                                                                        5,084                  29,869
      Donations                                                                                 (1,748)                  (5,524)
      Dilution gains                                                                                 –                177,862
      Net fair value losses on financial assets at FVPL (Note 15)                             (318,657)                (22,307)
      Impairment loss of an investment in a joint venture (Note 11)                         (1,506,000)                       –
      Others                                                                                   (28,955)                 46,459


                                                                                              (935,421)             1,257,349




318
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



32. INTEREST INCOME
                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                          2022           2021
                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


    Interest income from time deposits and long-term deposits          150,404               228,778
    Interest income from cash and cash equivalents and restricted
      cash                                                             330,520                 58,558
    Interest income from entrusted loans                                10,252                 28,660


                                                                       491,176               315,996



33. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                          2022           2021
                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


    Interest expense                                                   376,607                476,275
    Interest expense on lease liabilities                               73,817                 66,282
    Interest capitalised in qualifying assets                          (99,398)              (117,241)


                                                                       351,026               425,316




                                                                                                         319
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  34. INCOME TAX CREDIT
                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


      Current income tax                                                         321,148           419,275
      Deferred tax (Note 13)                                                    (856,688)         (573,392)


                                                                                (535,540)         (154,117)


      The tax on the Group’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
      average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:


                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


      Profit before income tax                                                 7,376,802         7,411,580


      Notional tax on profit before income tax, calculated at the rates
        applicable to profits in the tax jurisdictions concerned (Note(i))      1,983,237         2,203,145
      Share of profit of joint ventures and associates                         (3,545,725)       (2,787,473)
      Fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or
        loss                                                                       85,726            7,623
      Expenses not deductible for corporate income tax                             41,171           65,048
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                           (30,129)        (222,621)
      Unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences for
        which no deferred tax asset was recognised                             1,190,475           521,123
      Super deduction of research and development expenses                      (260,295)           (71,406)
      The impact of change in tax rate applicable to a major subsidiary                –           173,998
      Dilution gains not subject to taxation                                           –            (43,554)


      Income tax credit                                                         (535,540)         (154,117)




320
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



34. INCOME TAX CREDIT (Continued)
    (i)   The tax rates applicable to the Company and its major subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2022 are 15% or 25%
          (2021: 15% or 25%).

          Certain subsidiaries are subject to Hong Kong profits tax, which has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) on
          the estimated assessable profits for the year ended 31 December 2022.

          The Group’s subsidiaries, China Lounge Investment Ltd. and Denway, are recognised as PRC resident taxpayer by Guangzhou
          Yuexiu District Local Taxation Bureau, and are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law.




35. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, NET OF TAX
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2022           2021
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


    Change in fair value of FVOCI                                                             (146,887)              (361,770)
    Impairment loss on debt instruments at FVOCI                                                 1,537                     718
    Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations                                     6,839                  (3,296)
    Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of joint ventures and
      associates accounted for using the equity method                                          58,524                 (64,630)
    Remeasurement of post–employment benefit obligations                                           860                   (4,240)
    Income tax relating to these items                                                          36,899                130,543


                                                                                               (42,228)              (302,675)




                                                                                                                                   321
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  36. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (a)   Basic
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the consolidated profit attributable to owners of
            the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less restricted shares
            during the year.


                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


            Profit attributable to owners of the Company                        7,982,930           7,511,030
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less
              restricted shares (thousands)                                    10,360,533         10,252,339


            Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                  0.77                0.73



      (b)   Diluted
            Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary
            shares outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company
            had different categories of dilutive potential ordinary shares: convertible bonds, share options and
            restricted shares. 1) The convertible bonds are assumed to have been converted into ordinary
            shares, and the net profit is adjusted to eliminate the interest expense. 2) For the share options
            and restricted shares, calculations are done to determine the number of shares that could have
            been acquired at fair value (determined as the average market share price of the Company’s shares
            for the year ended 31 December 2022) based on the monetary value of the subscription rights
            attached to outstanding share options, and at subscription price of restricted shares, respectively.
            The numbers of shares calculated as above are compared with the numbers of shares that would
            have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options, and the numbers of restricted shares
            that would have been unlocked assuming all related conditions fulfilled, respectively.




322
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



36. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
    (b)   Diluted (Continued)
                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                           2022           2021
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


          Profit attributable to owners of the Company                 7,982,930            7,511,030
          Add: Interest expense on convertible bonds                       5,131               96,666


          Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share          7,988,061            7,607,696


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less
           restricted shares (thousands)                             10,360,533            10,252,339
          Add: weighted average number of ordinary shares
                 assuming conversion of all Share–based Awards
                 (thousands)                                              54,390                21,582
          Add: weighted average number of ordinary shares
                 assuming conversion of all convertible bonds
                 (thousands)                                               8,755              182,196


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted
           earnings per share (thousands)                            10,423,678            10,456,117


          Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                         0.77                  0.73




                                                                                                          323
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  37. DIVIDENDS
                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2022           2021
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


      Interim dividend paid of RMB0.06 (2021: RMB0.05)
        per ordinary share                                                    627,837           517,817
      Proposed final dividend of RMB0.18 (2021: RMB0.17)
        per ordinary share                                                  1,888,243         1,778,873


                                                                            2,516,080         2,296,690


      Dividends paid in 2022 and 2021 were approximately RMB2,406,710,000 and RMB2,070,613,000,
      respectively. A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 of RMB0.18 per ordinary
      share, amounting to a total dividend of approximately RMB1,888,243,000 is to be proposed at the
      forthcoming annual general meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.




324
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION
    (a)   Cash used in operations
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

          Profit for the year                                                       7,912,342             7,565,697
          Adjustments for:
            – Income tax credit (Note 34)                                            (535,540)             (154,117)
            – Depreciation (Notes 7, 8 and 9)                                       3,145,140             2,878,452
            – Amortisation (Note 10)                                                3,544,623             2,840,132
            – Amortisation of government grants related to assets (Note 28)          (388,627)             (369,722)
            – Impairment losses on financial assets (Note 3.1.2)                      634,641               143,468
            – Impairment charges of inventories (Note 29)                             254,468               104,643
            – Impairment charges of property, plant and equipment and
              right of use assets                                                     141,660                28,847
            – Impairment charges of intangible assets (Note 10)                     1,090,605               556,182
            – Impairment charges of the investment of a joint venture
              (Note 11.1)                                                           1,506,000                       –
            – Gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
              intangible assets (Note 31)                                              (5,084)                (29,869)
            – Interest income (Note 32)                                              (491,176)              (315,996)
            – Finance costs (Note 33)                                                 351,026                425,316
            – Gains on disposal of investment in joint ventures and
              associates (Note 31)                                                     (10,425)                  (12)
            – Gains on acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 31)                           (35,361)                    –
            – Foreign exchange (gains)/losses on cash and cash equivalents             (36,736)              76,341
            – Share of profit of joint ventures and associates (Note 11)           (14,065,159)         (11,403,899)
            – Net investment income related to investment in financial
              assets (Note 31)                                                       (146,710)              (381,625)
            – Fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through profit
              or loss (Note 31)                                                       318,657                 22,307
            – Share–based payment (Note 23)                                           410,834                508,465
            – Dilution gains (Note 31)                                                      –               (177,862)

          Changes in working capital (excluding the effects of exchange
           differences on consolidation):
           – Inventories                                                            (4,528,032)           (1,567,758)
           – Trade and other receivables                                            (7,911,982)           (8,743,908)
           – Restricted cash                                                          (352,842)              458,239
           – Trade and other payables                                                3,750,137               886,853
           – Contract liabilities                                                     (602,020)            1,134,043
           – Provisions                                                                109,805                52,157
           – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                           –                44,799
           – Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
                income                                                                 76,763               (398,374)

          Cash used in operations                                                   (5,862,993)           (5,817,201)


                                                                                                                         325
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION (Continued)
      (b)   Non-cash transaction
            (i)          Non-cash transaction of acquisition and disposal of right-of-use assets is disclosed in Note
                         8.


            (ii)         A non-wholly owned subsidiary has signed a domestic letter of credit contract amounting to
                         RMB900,000,000 with a domestic bank to purchase raw materials and others (2021: Nil).


      (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities
            The reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows:


                                                                                        Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                      Trade and other                               Trade and
                                                                                      payables-assets                         other payables-
                                                      Borrowings                            sold under Trade and other repayments of
                                                       due within    Borrowings due agreements to payables-other loan payable to
                                                           1 year        after 1 year      repurchase             payables       a third-party Leases liabilities        Total
                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


            As at 1 January 2022                       (9,888,738)        (7,526,724)          (528,976)          (136,112)          (200,000)         (1,463,727)   (19,744,277)
            Financing cash flows                        2,567,034         (5,525,833)           212,420            (78,196)           200,000             288,494     (2,336,081)
            Reclassification                           (7,359,286)         7,359,286                  –                  –                  –                   –              –
            Other changes:                                      –                  –                  –                  –                  –                   –              –
               – Interest charge                         (372,595)            (4,012)                 –                  –                  –             (73,817)      (450,424)
               – Interest payments (presented as
                   operating cash flows)                  829,609                  –                  –                  –                  –             73,817        903,426
               – Conversion of convertible bonds        1,377,618                  –                  –                  –                  –                  –      1,377,618
               – Acquisition of right-of-use assets             –                  –                  –                  –                  –           (463,164)      (463,164)
               – Disposals of right-of-use assets               –                  –                  –                  –                  –             64,156         64,156
               – Acquisition of inventories using
                   domestic letter of credit             (900,000)                 –                  –                  –                  –                   –       (900,000)
               – Others                                   (66,470)                 –                  –                  –                  –                   –        (66,470)


            As at 31 December 2022                    (13,812,828)        (5,697,283)          (316,556)          (214,308)                 –          (1,574,241)   (21,615,216)




326
                                                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION (Continued)
    (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities (Continued)
          The reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows: (Continued)


                                                                                         Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                         Trade and other                            Trade and
                                                                                         payables-assets                       other payables-
                                                    Borrowings due                             sold under Trade and other       repayments of
                                                           within 1   Borrowings due       agreements to payables-other loan payable to a             Leases
                                                               year       after 1 year        repurchase            payables        third-party     liabilities        Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000


          As at 1 January 2021                          (6,504,211)        (8,473,173)         (102,092)           (129,018)          (200,000)   (1,512,541)     (16,921,035)
          Financing cash flows                           3,886,395         (6,460,869)         (426,884)              (7,094)                –       210,068        (2,798,384)
          Reclassification                              (7,338,086)         7,338,086                 –                    –                 –             –                 –
          Other changes:
             – Interest charge                            (363,825)          (112,450)                –                    –                 –       (66,282)        (542,557)
             – Interest payments (presented as
                 operating cash flows)                     637,567                 –                  –                    –                 –       66,282           703,849
             – Conversion of convertible bonds                   –           181,682                  –                    –                 –            –           181,682
             – Acquisition of right-of-use assets                –                 –                  –                    –                 –     (358,379)         (358,379)
             – Disposals of right-of-use assets                  –                 –                  –                    –                 –      197,125           197,125
             – Others                                     (206,578)                –                  –                    –                 –            –          (206,578)


          As at 31 December 2021                        (9,888,738)        (7,526,724)         (528,976)           (136,112)          (200,000)   (1,463,727)     (19,744,277)



    (d)   The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB4,081,000,000 asset–
          backed securities in 2022. Since the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all
          the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial lease receivables and retained control of the
          underlying assets as at 31 December 2022, the Group derecognised the transferred finance lease
          receivables which is qualified for derecognition amounting to approximately RMB3,885,840,000
          with the consideration of approximately RMB3,885,840,000. The Group received approximately
          RMB3,796,535,000 after deducting the issue cost and classified as cash flows from financing
          activities in the consolidated statement of cash flow (2021: Nil).




                                                                                                                                                                                  327
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  39. COMMITMENTS
      (a)   Capital commitments
            The capital commitments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2022           2021
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


            Property, plant and equipment
              – Contracted but not provided for                                              1,344,961              1,969,734
              – Authorised but not contracted for                                              495,617                637,213


                                                                                             1,840,578              2,606,947


            Intangible assets
              – Contracted but not provided for                                                 24,558                 32,355
              – Authorised but not contracted for                                            1,978,555              2,384,669


                                                                                             2,003,113              2,417,024


            Investments
              – Authorised but not provided for (Notes (i) and (ii))                                    –              446,338


                                                                                             3,843,691              5,470,309


            (i)    In 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an additional capital contribution to GAC Toyota with an
                   amount of USD37,855,000 (equivalent to RMB260,890,000) and USD20,330,000 (equivalent to RMB140,110,000),
                   respectively, according to the proportion of shares. Up to 31 December 2022, all of the amount has been paid.

            (ii)   In 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an additional capital contribution of RMB482,000,000
                   to HYCAN Automotive Technology Co., Ltd. according to the proportion of shares. Up to 31 December 2022, all
                   of the amount has been paid.




328
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



39. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Non-cancellable operating leases
          The investment properties and certain property, plant and equipment are leased to tenants under
          operating leases with rentals payable monthly. For details of the leasing arrangements of investment
          properties, refer to Note 9.


                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2022           2021
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


          Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of
            investment properties and certain property, plant and
            equipment are as follows:
          Within 1 year                                                         117,462               141,207
          Between 1 and 2 years                                                  96,010                92,184
          Between 2 and 3 years                                                  64,230                60,904
          Between 3 and 4 years                                                  60,300                50,634
          Between 4 and 5 years                                                  57,816                49,770
          Later than 5 years                                                    360,324               392,811


                                                                                756,142               787,510


          The Group leases various properties, vehicles, offices and other equipment under non-cancellable
          operating leases expiring within 6 months to 20 years. The leases have varying terms and renewal
          rights. On renewal, the terms of the leases are renegotiated.


          From 1 January 2019, the Group has recognised right-of-use assets for these leases, except for
          short-term and low-value leases, see Note 6 and Note 8 for further information.




                                                                                                                 329
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  39. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Non-cancellable operating leases (Continued)
            As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s future aggregate minimum lease payments of leases not
            yet commenced to which the Group is committed are listed as follows:


                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                            6,276              2,659
            Between 1 and 5 years                                                    3,228              4,530
            Over 5 years                                                             3,024                  –


                                                                                    12,528              7,189



  40. TRANSACTIONS WITH NON–CONTROLLING INTERESTS
      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group acquired additional equity interests of a non-wholly
      owned subsidiary, Dasheng Technology Co., Ltd. (“Dasheng”), from a third party investor at a consideration
      of RMB221,526,000. Immediately after the equity acquisition, the Group’s equity interests in Dasheng
      increased from 74% to 100%. Taking into account the effect of the transaction, the Group recognised
      a decrease of RMB81,819,000 in capital reserve and a decrease of RMB139,707,000 in non-controlling
      interests.


      In March 2022, GAC AION placed 420,623,000 shares to implement an employee equity incentive
      scheme targeting certain key employees and research and development personnel of GAC Research
      and Development Centre and introduce certain strategic investors with net proceeds of approximately
      RMB2,566,069,000. Immediately after the equity transaction, the Group’s equity interests in GAC AION
      decreased from 100% to 93%.Taking into account the effect of the transaction, the Group recognised an
      increase of RMB1,902,661,000 in capital reserve and an increase of RMB663,408,000 in non-controlling
      interests.


      During the period from 30 September 2022 to 20 October 2022, GAC AION placed 1,382,765,000 shares
      to certain third-party investors with net proceeds of approximately RMB18,293,980,000. Immediately after
      the equity transaction, the Group’s equity interests in GAC AION decreased from 93% to 77%. Taking
      into account the effect of the transaction, the Group recognised an increase of RMB12,537,270,000 in
      capital reserve and an increase of RMB5,756,710,000 in non-controlling interests.

330
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



40. TRANSACTIONS WITH NON–CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)
    In January 2022, the Group disposed 49% of equity interest of GAC Motor Hangzhou at cash consideration
    of RMB1,216,299,000. The Group’s equity interest in GAC Motor Hangzhou decreased from 100% to
    51%. After the equity transaction, GAC Motor Hangzhou remained controlled by the Group. The carrying
    amount of equity interest transferred of RMB512,623,000 was recognised as an increase in non-controlling
    interests. Difference between the consideration and the carrying amount of the 49% of equity interest of
    RMB703,676,000 was recognised as an increase in reserves.



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
    Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant
    influence in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
    subject to common control. The Group is subject to the control of the PRC Government.


    In accordance with HKAS 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, other state-owned enterprises and their
    subsidiaries, directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC Government (“state–owned enterprises”) are
    regarded as related parties of the Group.


    In addition to the related party information shown elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements,
    the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary and usual
    course of business and balances between the Group and its related parties, during the year ended 31
    December 2022.

    The balances of trade and other receivables, prepayments, trade and other payables, contract liabilities
    and lease liabilities rose in the ordinary and usual course of business and were unsecured, interest free
    and receivable/repayable according to the mutual agreed credit terms.




                                                                                                                   331
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions
                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                           2022           2021
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


            Sales of goods


            Sales of automotive parts and steels
            – Joint ventures                           1,871,663     3,632,060
            – Associates                                 262,593       129,802
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                           396             –


                                                       2,134,652     3,761,862


            Sales of passenger vehicles
            – Joint ventures                             164,393       153,961
            – Associates                               1,578,832       584,407


                                                       1,743,225       738,368


            Sales of production facility
            – Joint ventures                                   –        37,042


                                                       3,877,877     4,537,272


            Loan interest from related parties
            – Joint ventures                            281,694        181,139
            – Associates                                  1,108          1,201


                                                        282,802        182,340




332
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


          Rendering of labour and insurance services
          – Joint ventures                                       1,452,300            1,018,623
          – Associates                                           1,133,738              763,807
          – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                     5,448                  468


                                                                 2,591,486            1,782,898


          Income of trustee management of equity assets
          – GAIG (Note (i))                                         19,821                21,382


          Purchases of goods


          Purchases of automotive parts and materials
          – Joint ventures                                       2,209,801            1,225,921
          – Associates                                         12,466,509             3,295,358


                                                               14,676,310             4,521,279


          Purchases of passenger vehicles
          – Joint ventures                                       9,563,507            8,203,562
          – Associates                                               5,196                2,286


                                                                 9,568,703            8,205,848


                                                               24,245,013            12,727,127




                                                                                                   333
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                       2022           2021
                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


            Interest on customer deposits
            – Joint ventures                                         73,838         71,700
            – Associates                                             16,832         16,275


                                                                     90,670         87,975


            Purchases of labour services and settlement of
              insurance claims
            – Joint ventures                                         50,075        134,874
            – Associates                                             13,256         24,026
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                   26,010         30,977


                                                                     89,341        189,877


            Provision of entrusted loans to related parties
            – Joint ventures                                              –        490,000
            – Associates                                             41,650         24,500


                                                                     41,650        514,500


            Rental from related parties
            – Joint ventures                                         58,533        153,992
            – Associates                                             13,675         15,323
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                    8,150         10,754


                                                                     80,358        180,069




334
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000


          Interest charges for lease liabilities to related parties
          – Joint ventures                                                     37                    958
          – Associates                                                          6                     12
          – GAIG                                                              865                    615
          – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                               95                      –


                                                                            1,003                 1,585


          Rental of right–of–use assets to related parties
          – Joint ventures                                                      –                21,409
          – Associates                                                        340                   336
          – GAIG                                                           40,103                21,033
          – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                            2,647                 2,779


                                                                           43,090                45,557


          Repayment of entrusted loans from related parties
          – Joint ventures                                                      –              739,634
          – An associate                                                   36,750                8,294


                                                                           36,750              747,928


          Entrusted loan interest from related parties
          – Joint ventures                                                  5,874                33,584
          – An associate                                                    1,640                    24


                                                                            7,514                33,608




                                                                                                           335
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                       2022           2021
                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


            Entrusted loans from a related party
            – A joint venture                                       100,000        100,000


            Repayment of entrusted loans to a related party
            – A joint venture                                       100,000         70,000


            Entrusted loan interest to a related party
            – A joint venture                                         2,275          1,466


            Borrowings from a related party
            – A joint venture                                      2,972,841     2,132,726


            Repayment of borrowings to a related party
            – A joint venture                                      2,668,411     2,190,519


            Borrowing interest to a related party
            – A joint venture                                        27,452         26,249


            Loans to related parties
            – Joint ventures                                       3,006,188     3,839,325
            – Associates                                             115,494           928


                                                                   3,121,682     3,840,253




336
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


          Repayment of loans from related parties
          – Joint ventures                                       2,661,569            3,791,664
          – Associates                                             130,856               30,858


                                                                 2,792,425            3,822,522


          Investment of long-term deposit in a related party
          – A joint venture                                      2,500,000                       –


          Guarantee fees to a related party
          – GAIG                                                     3,000                 3,000


          Sales of intangible assets
          – Joint ventures                                          39,525                68,979
          – Associates                                              32,391                22,892


                                                                    71,916                91,871




                                                                                                     337
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties
                                                        As at 31 December
                                                           2022           2021
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


            Trade receivables
            – Joint ventures                             671,705       994,919
            – Associates                                 614,837       368,601
            – GAIG                                             –            94
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                         4,572             4


                                                        1,291,114     1,363,618


            Interest receivable
            – Joint ventures                             134,993         5,123
            – Associates                                      49            30


                                                         135,042         5,153


            Other receivables and prepayments
            – Joint ventures                             462,863       398,204
            – Associates                                  39,728         5,044
            – GAIG                                        19,872        19,968
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                        14,532           842


                                                         536,995       424,058


            Dividend receivable
            – Joint ventures                            3,503,074     4,209,208
            – Associates                                  171,046             –


                                                        3,674,120     4,209,208




338
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


          Notes receivable
          – Joint ventures                                            26,469                55,540
          – Associates                                                35,000                     –


                                                                      61,469                55,540


          Entrusted loans due from (Note (ii))
          – Joint ventures                                          240,334               240,277
          – An associate                                              4,153                 5,673


                                                                    244,487               245,950


          Loans to related parties – current (Note (iii))
          – Joint ventures                                        3,602,582             1,520,079
          – Associates                                               15,079                 6,262


                                                                  3,617,661             1,526,341


          Loans to related parties – non-current (Note (iii))
          – Joint ventures                                                  –           1,119,742


          Long-term receivables
          – Joint ventures                                            18,045              155,494


          Long-term deposits
          – A joint venture                                       2,500,000                        –




                                                                                                       339
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                       2022           2021
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


            Trade payables
            – Joint ventures                                         310,846        525,832
            – Associates                                             920,717      1,576,741
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                     1,077              –


                                                                    1,232,640     2,102,573


            Other payables
            – Joint ventures                                         121,157       152,230
            – Associates                                             154,462       214,506
            – GAIG                                                   505,199       505,199
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                     7,855         3,770


                                                                     788,673       875,705


            Contract liabilities
            – Joint ventures                                          75,184       260,262
            – Associates                                               5,516        13,275
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                       108             3


                                                                      80,808       273,540


            Notes payable
            – Joint ventures                                         579,289       419,529




340
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


          Customer deposits
          – Joint ventures                                        5,175,760             4,001,104
          – Associates                                            1,058,372               739,711


                                                                  6,234,132             4,740,815


          Short–term borrowings (Note (iv))
          – A joint venture                                         614,879               281,432


          Entrusted loans due to (Note (v))
          – A joint venture                                         100,000               100,000


          Interest payable
          – Joint ventures                                            12,678                11,152
          – Associates                                                 4,624                10,677


                                                                      17,302                21,829


          Lease liabilities
          – Joint ventures                                                 –                17,327
          – Associates                                                    91                   100
          – GAIG                                                      10,909                12,657
          – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                       1,545                 8,458


                                                                      12,545                38,542




                                                                                                     341
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)

            (i)     On 5 January 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company passed a resolution in relation to the Company being
                    entrusted by its controlling shareholder GAIG to manage certain equity investments held by GAIG. The period of
                    the entrusted management is three years. The annual management fee is made up of basic and floating portions,
                    with an annual limit of RMB49,000,000.

            (ii)    The balances of entrusted loans due from related parties were with interest rate ranging from 3.65% to 4.35%
                    (2021: from 3.85% to 4.35%), unsecured and receivable in accordance with normal commercial terms.

            (iii)   The balances of loans relating to financing services to related parties were with interest rate ranging from 3.65% to
                    5.63% (2021: from 3.58% to 5.63%) and receivable in accordance with normal commercial terms. Majority of loans
                    to related parties were unsecured and certain loans to related parties were secured by certain inventories.

                    As at 31 December 2022, the Group recorded provision of approximately RMB60,753,000 for joint ventures and
                    approximately RMB282,000 for associates for impairment of loans relating to financing services to related parties
                    (2021: RMB81,269,000 and RMB137,000).

            (iv)    Borrowings from a joint venture, which is a financial institution, are interest bearing and repayable in accordance
                    with normal commercial terms. As at 31 December 2022, borrowings from a joint venture were secured by the
                    Group’s inventories with carrying value of approximately RMB550,348,000 (2021: RMB175,583,000).

            (v)     The balances of entrusted loans due to a joint venture were with interest rate of 2.25% (2021: 2.25%), unsecured
                    and repayable in accordance with normal commercial terms.


      (c)   Commitments for related parties
            As at 31 December 2022, the bill acceptance provided by the Group to related parties amounted
            to approximately RMB11,395,000 (2021: RMB154,638,000).


      (d)   Key management compensation
                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


            Salaries and other short–term employee benefits                                           38,592                  32,511


            In addition, net expense recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for
            share options and restricted shares granted to the key management for the year ended 31 December
            2022 is approximately RMB9,007,000 (2021: RMB11,155,000).




342
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (e)   Transactions and balances with other state-owned enterprises in the PRC
          The Group operates in an economic environment predominated by state-owned enterprises. During
          the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group had transactions with state-owned enterprises
          including, but not limited to, sales of automobiles and other automotive parts and purchases of
          raw materials and automotive parts.


          For the purpose of related party transactions disclosure, the Group has in place procedures to
          assist the identification of the immediate ownership structure of its customers and suppliers as to
          whether they are state-owned enterprises. However, many state-owned enterprises have multi-
          layered corporate structure and the ownership structures change over time as a result of transfers
          and privatisation programs.


          Nevertheless, the Directors consider that transactions with other state-owned enterprises are
          activities in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, and that the dealings of the Group have not
          been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that the Group and other state-owned enterprises
          are ultimately controlled or owned by the PRC Government. The Group has also established pricing
          policies for products and services, and such pricing policies do not depend on whether or not the
          customers are state-owned enterprises. Having due regard to the substance of the relationships, the
          Directors are of the opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions
          that require separate disclosure except for the transactions with state-owned financial institutions
          as disclosed below.


          (i)    Balances with state-owned financial institutions
                 As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, majority part of the Group’s bank balances and borrowings
                 were deposited in or financed from various state-owned financial institutions. The Directors
                 are of opinion that such transactions were conducted in the ordinary course of business and
                 in accordance with normal commercial terms.


          (ii)   Guarantees given by state-owned enterprises and GAIG
                 As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, information of borrowings guaranteed by GAIG is
                 presented in Note 26(i).




                                                                                                                 343
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (f)   Guarantees to an associate
            As at 31 December 2022, the Group provided financial guarantees of RMB16,600,000 (2021:
            RMB16,600,000) to an associate.


            It is expected that the financial guarantees provided by the Group will not lead to any significant
            liabilities.



  42. EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      On 20 January 2023, according to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, total
      233,896,200 A Share Options (“SO-IV”) were granted to 3,089 individuals, including directors, senior
      management and selected key employees (the “SO-IV Recipients”). Each share option represents the
      right granted to the recipients to acquire one share of the Company at pre-determined exercise price
      and conditions in the validity period as set out in the Fourth A Share Options Scheme. The grant date
      is 20 January 2023 (the “Grant Date IV”). The weighted average fair value of SO-IV, as estimated on the
      Grant Date IV, was RMB2.72 per share option. This was calculated using the Black-Scholes share option
      pricing model.


      On 20 January 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the reorganization between GAC
      Motor and GAC International Automotive Sales and Service Co., Ltd., the Company’s wholly-owned
      subsidiaries, to develop internationalization by setting up new international business structure and operation
      systems.


      On 22 February 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved GAC Business, the Company’s
      wholly-owned subsidiary, to have capital contribution by RMB262,500,000 in proportion to its interest
      held to Angang-Guangzhou Automobile Steel Co., Ltd. to support the implementation of the phase-two
      project. The total investment of the project is RMB1,822,830,000, of which the shareholders will contribute
      RMB750,000,000.


      On 22 February 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an additional capital contribution
      of RMB107,014,000 and RMB492,986,000 to HYCAN Automotive Technology Co., Ltd. from the Company
      and GAC AION respectively in proportion to their interest held.




344
                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                              Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVES MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY
    Balance sheet of the Company
                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                 2022           2021
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


    ASSETS
    Non–current assets
    Property, plant and equipment                             3,392,427            3,281,456
    Right-of-use assets                                         481,228              426,019
    Investment properties                                       592,171              617,854
    Intangible assets                                         5,179,603            5,040,568
    Investments in subsidiaries                              41,615,466           39,629,338
    Investments in joint ventures and associates             28,930,449           27,979,421
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       929,970            1,075,173
    Prepayments and long-term receivables                     2,736,960              290,346


                                                             83,858,274           78,340,175


    Current assets
    Inventories                                                  37,194               31,092
    Trade and other receivables                               6,219,504            6,478,613
    Contract assets                                             419,087                    –
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     1,197,090                    –
    Time deposits                                                     –            3,945,557
    Cash and cash equivalents                                14,026,028            7,010,437


                                                             21,898,903           17,465,699


    Total assets                                            105,757,177           95,805,874




                                                                                               345
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVES MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Balance sheet of the Company (Continued)
                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                           Note              2022           2021
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000


       LIABILITIES
       Non-current liabilities
       Borrowings                                                        1,700,000         2,995,121
       Lease liabilities                                                     1,926             1,038
       Government grants                                                   325,729           269,814


                                                                         2,027,655         3,265,973


       Current liabilities
       Trade and other payables                                          6,637,112         6,526,604
       Contract liabilities                                                478,166            17,696
       Borrowings                                                        3,119,202         2,628,607
       Lease liabilities                                                     3,851             2,133


                                                                        10,238,331         9,175,040


       Total liabilities                                                12,265,986        12,441,013


       Net assets                                                       93,491,191        83,364,861


       EQUITY
       Share capital                                                    10,487,164        10,370,593
       Reserves                                              (a)        39,837,462        37,661,843
       Retained earnings                                     (a)        43,166,565        35,332,425


       Total equity                                                     93,491,191        83,364,861


      The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023 and was
      signed on its behalf:

                           Zeng Qinghong                                Feng Xingya
                              Director                                    Director


346
      43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
          (a)   Reserve movements of the Company
                                                                                                  Investments                                                Remeasurement
                                                                                                        in joint                                                   of post-
                                                                                                 ventures and     Statutory    Share-based     Convertible      employment
                                                       Share     Treasury     Capital     FVOCI associates          surplus   compensation         bonds             benefit                    Retained
                                                    premium         stock    reserve     reserve       reserve reserve fund         reserve       reserve        obligations Total reserves      earnings        Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


                As at 1 January 2021               31,165,940   (509,486)     18,262         (33)            –    5,498,401        525,418       240,642                   –    36,939,144     25,563,568   62,502,712


                Profit for the year                         –          –           –           –             –            –               –             –                  –              –    11,839,470 11,839,470
                Dividend declared by the Company            –          –           –           –             –            –               –             –                  –              –     (2,070,613) (2,070,613)
                Share of other changes in net
                  assets of joint ventures and
                  associates                                –          –           –           –       (24,953)           –               –             –                  –        (24,953)            –       (24,953)
                Remeasurement of post-
                  employment benefit obligations            –          –           –           –             –            –               –             –             (2,760)        (2,760)            –        (2,760)
                Employee share-based awards
                  scheme (Note 23)
                  − Value of employee services             –           –           –           –             –            –        508,465              –                  –       508,465              –      508,465
                  − Proceeds from shares issued       90,186           –           –           –             –            –         (17,155)            –                  –        73,031              –       73,031
                Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
                  − Conversion of convertible
                         bonds                       185,692           –           –           –             –            –               –       (16,776)                 –       168,916              –      168,916


                As at 31 December 2021             31,441,818   (509,486)     18,262         (33)      (24,953)   5,498,401      1,016,728       223,866              (2,760) 37,661,843       35,332,425   72,994,268




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




347
348
      43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
          (a)   Reserve movements of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                                Investments
                                                                                                      in joint                                           Remeasurement
                                                                                                   ventures       Statutory                                     of post-
                                                                                                          and       surplus Share-based      Convertible    employment
                                                       Share    Treasury     Capital     FVOCI associates           reserve compensation         bonds           benefit       Total    Retained
                                                    premium        stock     reserve    reserve      reserve           fund      reserve        reserve      obligations    reserves    earnings       Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000


                As at 1 January 2022               31,441,818   (509,486)     18,262        (33)       (24,953)   5,498,401     1,016,728       223,866           (2,760) 37,661,843   35,332,425   72,994,268


                Profit for the year                         –          –           –          –              –            –             –             –                –           –   10,237,699 10,237,699
                Dividend declared by the Company            –          –           –          –              –            –             –             –                –           –   (2,403,559) (2,403,559)
                Share of other changes in net
                  assets of joint ventures and
                  associates                                –          –           –          –        18,795             –             –             –                –      18,795            –      18,795
                Remeasurement of post-
                  employment benefit obligations            –          –           –          –        46,672             –             –             –             750       47,422            –      47,422
                Employee share-based awards
                  scheme (Note 23)
                  − Value of employee services             –           –           –          –              –            –       410,834             –                –     410,834            –     410,834
                  − Proceeds from shares issued      313,978     215,903           –          –              –            –      (115,566)            –                –     414,315            –     414,315
                Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
                  − Conversion of convertible
                         bonds                      1,406,945          –           –          –              –            –             –      (122,692)               –   1,284,253            –    1,284,253
                  − Redemption of convertible
                         bonds                       101,174           –           –          –              –            –             –      (101,174)               –           –            –            –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                As at 31 December 2022             33,263,915   (293,583)     18,262        (33)       40,514     5,498,401     1,311,996             –           (2,010) 39,837,462   43,166,565   83,004,027
                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS
    (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments
          The remuneration of every director, supervisor and the general manager for the year ended 31
          December 2022 is set out as below:

                                         Basic salaries,          Employer’s                                  Remunerations
                                                housing    contributions to a                            paid or receivable in
                                         fund and other    retirement benefit                            respect of accepting
          Name                    Fees      allowances               scheme Discretionary bonuses           office as director     Total
                               RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000                     RMB’000     RMB’000

          Name of director
            Zeng Qinghong            –              631                112                    478                           –      1,221
            Feng Xingya              –            1,065                308                  2,608                           –      3,981
            Zhao Fuquan              –              150                  –                      –                           –        150
            Xiao Shengfang           –              150                  –                      –                           –        150
            Wong Hakkun              –              150                  –                      –                           –        150
            Song Tiebo               –              150                  –                      –                           –        150
            Chen Xiaomu              –              584                106                    430                           –      1,120
            Chen Maoshan             –            1,008                302                  1,700                           –      3,010
            Ding Hongxiang           –                –                  –                      –                           –          –
            Guan Dayuan              –                –                  –                      –                           –          –
            Liu Zhijun               –                –                  –                      –                           –          –

          Name of supervisor
            Chen Tian                –                –                  –                      –                           –          –
            Cao Xiandong             –                –                  –                      –                           –          –
            Huang Cheng              –                –                  –                      –                           –          –
            Shi Lei                  –              647                113                    170                           –        930
            Wang Lu                  –              607                128                    153                           –        888
            Huang Zhuo               –              533                116                    137                           –        786


          The above emoluments do not include the fair value of share options granted under SO-II Phase I
          in 2017, SO-II Phase II in 2018 and SO-III and RS in 2020.




                                                                                                                                           349
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
      (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments (Continued)
            The remuneration of every director, supervisor and the general manager for the year ended 31
            December 2021 is set out as below:

                                            Basic salaries,          Employer’s
                                                   housing    contributions to a                               Remunerations paid or
                                           fund and other     retirement benefit                              receivable in respect of
            Name                    Fees       allowances               scheme     Discretionary bonuses   accepting office as director      Total
                                 RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000                   RMB’000                      RMB’000      RMB’000


            Name of director
              Zeng Qinghong            –              623                   122                     449                              –       1,194
              Feng Xingya              –            1,054                   241                   1,871                              –       3,166
              Zhao Fuquan              –              150                     –                       –                              –         150
              Xiao Shengfang           –              150                     –                       –                              –         150
              Wong Hakkun              –              150                     –                       –                              –         150
              Song Tiebo               –              150                     –                       –                              –         150
              Chen Xiaomu              –              616                   129                     404                              –       1,149
              Chen Maoshan             –              998                   219                   1,500                              –       2,717
              Ding Hongxiang           –                –                     –                       –                              –           –
              Guan Dayuan              –                –                     –                       –                              –           –
              Liu Zhijun               –                –                     –                       –                              –           –
              Chen Jun                 –                –                     –                       –                              –           –
              Han Ying                 –                –                     –                       –                              –           –
            Name of supervisor
              Chen Tian                –                –                     –                       –                              –          –
              Cao Xiandong             –                –                     –                       –                              –          –
              Huang Cheng              –                –                     –                       –                              –          –
              Shi Lei                  –              621                   119                     163                              –        903
              Wang Lu                  –              578                   117                     145                              –        840
              Huang Zhuo               –              501                   105                     130                              –        736
              Long Yong                –                –                     –                       –                              –          –
              Wang Junyang             –                –                     –                       –                              –          –
              Jiang Xiuyun             –                –                     –                       –                              –          –


            The above emoluments do not include the fair value of share options granted under SO-II Phase I
            in 2017, SO-II Phase II in 2018 and SO-III and RS in 2020.




350
                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
    (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments (Continued)
          Expense recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for share options
          granted to the above directors, supervisors and the general manager for the year ended 31 December
          2022 and 2021 is set out as below:


                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                  2022                                                   2021

                                                                   Net expense
                                                                    recognised                                            Net expense
                                                                  for the share                                        reversed for the
                                                  Number of        options and                                           share options
                                Number of          restricted         restricted Number of share          Number of      and restricted
          Name               share options            shares    shares granted           options   restricted shares    shares granted
                                                                       RMB’000                                               RMB’000


          Name of director
          Feng Xingya              290,000           174,000             1,380          290,000            290,000               1,444
          Chen Maoshan             147,000           147,000             1,166          245,000            245,000               1,220


          (i)    The amount represented emoluments throughout their terms of directors or supervisors in 2022 and 2021.

          (ii)   In 2022 and 2021, there was no emoluments paid to or receivable by directors in respect of their other services in
                 connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking.




                                                                                                                                          351
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
      (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits
            None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits for the year ended 31 December
            2022 (2021: Nil).


      (c)   Directors’ termination benefits
            None of the directors received or will receive any termination benefits for the year ended 31
            December 2022 (2021: Nil).


      (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
            For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group did not pay consideration to any third parties
            for making available directors’ services (2021: Nil).


      (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
            bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors
            As at 31 December 2022, there are no loans, quasi-loans and other dealing arrangements in favor
            of directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors (2021: Nil).


      (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
            No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’ s business to which
            the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether
            directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2021: Nil).




352
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2022




 DIFFERENCE IN ACCOUNTING DATA UNDER
 DIFFERENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
˚Ƶ ƮǞǏǏƵȲƵȁƧƵȺ ƦƵɈɩƵƵȁ ɈǘƵ ȁƵɈ ȯȲȌǏǞɈȺ ƊȁƮ ȁƵɈ ƊȺȺƵɈȺ ƊɈɈȲǞƦɐɈƊƦǶƵ ɈȌ
ɈǘƵ ȺǘƊȲƵǘȌǶƮƵȲȺ ȌǏ ɈǘƵ ǶǞȺɈƵƮ ƧȌǿȯƊȁɯ Ǟȁ ɈǘƵ ǏǞȁƊȁƧǞƊǶ ȲƵȯȌȲɈ ƮǞȺƧǶȌȺƵƮ
Ǟȁ ƊƧƧȌȲƮƊȁƧƵ ɩǞɈǘ ȌɨƵȲȺƵƊȺ ƧƧȌɐȁɈǞȁǐ ²ɈƊȁƮƊȲƮȺ ƊȁƮ §ª! ƧƧȌɐȁɈǞȁǐ
²ɈƊȁƮƊȲƮȺ

                                                                        Unit: 0’000 yuan Currency: RMB


                                                    yƵɈȯȲȌǏǞɈȺ                       yƵɈƊȺȺƵɈȺ
                                                 !ɐȲȲƵȁɈ                          0ȁƮȌǏ         ƵǐǞȁȁǞȁǐ
                                                  ȯƵȲǞȌƮ    mƊȺɈȯƵȲǞȌƮ            ȯƵȲǞȌƮ         ȌǏȯƵȲǞȌƮ

In accordance with PRC Accounting
 Standards                                       806,819          733,492       11,323,468         9,025,929
Adjusted items and amounts under overseas
 financial reporting standards:
(1) Amortisation of equity investment
   difference                                          0               0              4,501             4,501
(2) Difference in accounting treatment for
   the reversal of provision for impairment of
   non-current assets                                  0               0                901               901
(3) Staff and workers’ bonus and welfare fund
   included in profit allocation as current
   cost and expenses items                           -48             -175                 0                  0
(4) Dilution impact on investments
   accounted for using the equity method          -8,478           17,786                 0                  0
In accordance with overseas financial
 reporting standards                             798,293          751,103       11,328,870          9,031,331


Financial statements of the Group for the year 2022 prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong
Financial Reporting Standards have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers.




                                                                                                                 353
      FIVE-YEAR
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY
  A summary of the published financial results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for
  the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements of the Group, is set out below:

                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                             2022            2021        2020       2019                     2018
                                          RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000                  RMB’000
  Revenue                               110,006,437     75,675,765      63,156,985      59,704,322      72,379,779
  Cost of sales                        (105,549,528)   (71,776,845)    (60,860,992)    (57,181,363)    (60,835,699)

  Gross profit                            4,456,909       3,898,920      2,295,993       2,522,959      11,544,080
  Selling and distribution costs         (4,228,464)     (4,339,756)    (3,641,480)     (4,553,402)      (5,073,033)
  Administrative expenses                (5,486,890)     (4,556,045)    (3,850,327)     (3,589,516)      (4,519,380)
  Net impairment losses on financial
    assets                                 (634,641)       (143,468)        (55,110)        (53,831)         (7,257)
  Interest income                           160,656         257,438        304,233         290,694         453,389
  Other gains – net                        (935,421)      1,257,349      1,379,690       2,620,340       1,067,991
  Operating (loss)/profit                (6,667,851)     (3,625,562)    (3,567,001)     (2,762,756)      3,465,790
  Interest income                           330,520          58,558        127,551         171,565         103,021
  Finance costs                            (351,026)       (425,316)      (439,567)       (516,481)       (458,858)
  Share of profit of joint ventures
    and associates                      14,065,159      11,403,900       9,570,978       9,399,343       8,753,300
  Profit before income tax               7,376,802       7,411,580       5,691,961       6,291,671      11,863,253
  Income tax credit/(expense)              535,540         154,117         355,990         417,186        (920,808)
  Profit for the year                    7,912,342       7,565,697       6,047,951       6,708,857      10,942,445

  Profit is attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                  7,982,930       7,511,030       5,964,055       6,616,265      10,899,603
  Non-controlling interests                (70,588)         54,667          83,896          92,592          42,842


                                          7,912,342      7,565,697       6,047,951       6,708,857      10,942,445


                                                                As at 31 December
                                             2022            2021         2020       2019                    2018
                                          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000                 RMB’000

  Assets, liabilities and
   non-controlling interests
  Total assets                         190,074,774     154,250,589     142,860,688     137,463,551     132,173,759
  Total liabilities                     67,772,460      61,601,804      56,147,060      54,955,305      54,199,052
  Non-controlling interests              9,013,608       2,335,474       2,338,597       2,320,135       1,370,853


354
                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022




 AWARDS AND HONOURS
AWARDS AND HONOURS
              Honours won by the Group and
Subject       its major investees                                        Organiser/theme

The Company   2022 “Fortune” ESG Influence List                          “Fortune”
              Selected as an annual excellent case in the “ESG Research Chinese Institute of Business Administration, Social
                Report on Listed Companies in China (2022)”                 Responsibility and Sustainable Development
                                                                            Commission; Beijing Rongzhi Corporate Social
                                                                            Responsibility Institute
              Selected as an Excellent Case of Corporate Social          Chinese Association of Automobile Manufacturers
                Responsibility Practice in Chinese Auto Industry
              Selected as one of the 2022 Top 10 Cases of Social Value   China Social Responsibility 100 Forum
                Bluebook (Livelihood and Welfare Promotion) for State-
                owned Enterprises in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao
                Greater Bay Area
              Won the title of “Annual Benchmarking Enterprise for       Guangzhou Municipal Civil Affairs Bureau, Guangzhou
                Social Responsibility Influence in Guangdong-Hong           Daily Group, Guangzhou Municipal Charity Association
                Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area”;
              Gold Cup in the 2021 Guangdong Kapok Cup for Poverty       Guangdong Provincial Leading Group for Poverty
                Relief                                                      Alleviation and Development
              Won the title of Guangzhou Charity Enterprise Model in     Guangzhou Municipal Charity Association, Guangzhou
                2022                                                        Charity Alliance
              Won the title of Guangzhou Five-Star Donation Unit in      Guangzhou Municipal Charity Association, Guangzhou
                2022                                                        Charity Alliance
              Nominated for the Green Award for Sustainable              Caijing Magazine, China Alliance of Social Value
                Development and the Internal Control Award for              Investment
                Sustainable Development under the Evergreen Prize of
                Caijing Magazine




                                                                                                                                   355
  AWARDS AND HONOURS



            Honours won by the Group and
  Subject   its major investees                                         Organiser/theme

  GAEI      China Appearance Patent Gold Award (23rd session)           China National Intellectual Property Administration
            Silver award for China Excellent Industrial Design Reward   Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
            Gold award for International CMF Design Award               International CMF Design Association
            “Key technology and industrial application of dedicated     China Society for the Promotion of Science and
              hybrid transmission” won the first prize of Science and     Technology Commercialization
              Technology Award of China Society for the Promotion
              of Science and Technology Commercialization
            “Research and development and industrialisation of key      China Machinery Industry Federation/China Mechanical
              technology for wire-control shift” won the second prize     Engineer Society
              of the Machinery Industry Science and Technology
              Award
            “Key technology for R&D and manufacturing of lightweight China Society of Automotive Engineers
              steel-aluminum hybrid body for electric vehicles” won
              the second prize of the Science and Technology Award
              of the China Society of Automotive Engineers
            “Development of advanced equipment and key                  China Society of Automotive Engineers
              technologies for automotive aerodynamics” won the
              first prize of the Science and Technology Award of the
              China Society of Automotive Engineers
            “Key Technology and Industrialisation of C-V2X Vehicle-     China Society of Automotive Engineers
              mounted Terminals for Vehicle-Road Cooperative
              Perception and Warning” won the second prize of the
              Science and Technology Award of the China Society of
              Automotive Engineers
  GAMC      First Prize of Science and Technology Award of              Guangdong Mechanical Engineering Society
              Guangdong Machinery Industry, First Prize of Science
              and Technology of Guangdong Mechanical Engineering
              Society
            First place among self-owned brands in J.D. Power 2022      J.D. Power
              Automobile Customer Service Index (CSI) Study
            Voice of China Automobile Customers for “Benchmarking 12365auto.com and CAR RESEARCH
              Brand of After-sales Service” in 2022




356
                                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022




                                                                                 AWARDS AND HONOURS



                 Honours won by the Group and
Subject          its major investees                                             Organiser/theme

GAC AION         Most Worth Looking forward to New Energy Brand -AION Carso2o, Red Dot New Energy, RDA
                 2021-2022 Annual Enterprise for Innovation and                  The Economic Observer
                   Transformation
                 “Gold Engine” 2021 China’s Best New Energy Vehicles             21st Century Business Herald
                   Company
                 TOP10 “Dual-carbon Strategy” Innovative Enterprise in           GTM Committee
                   Chinese Technological Mobility Industry
                 Top Ten Independent Brand Award                                 2022 China New Energy Vehicle Endurance Race
                                                                                   Organizing Committee
GAC Honda        No. 1 in Sales Satisfaction Index (SSI)                         J.D. Power
                 No. 1 in Customer Service Index (CSI)                           J.D. Power
                 No. 1 among mainstream car brands in the Initial Quality        J.D. Power
                   Study (IQS)
                 Outstanding Corporate Citizen of the Year                       21st Century Business Herald
                 Carbon Neutrality Activist – Action Breakthrough Award of Phoenix Satellite Television
                   the Year
GAC Toyota       First place for Sales Service Satisfaction (Joint Ventures) in China Association for Quality
                   2022
                 Joint first place for After-sales Service Satisfaction (Joint   China Association for Quality
                   Venture Brands)
                 Gold Award in the “Toyota Global Service Excellence             Toyota Motor Company
                   Recognition”
GAC Mitsubishi   Annual Service-oriented Brand                                   The Eleventh Golden Wrench Annual Automobile
                                                                                   Ceremony
GAC-SOFINCO      2022 Best Automobile Finance Company                            21st Century Business Herald
                                                                                 2022 China Auto Industry Summit
GAC Component    Ranked 54th among 2022 Global Top 100 Auto Parts                China Automotive News
                   Companies
                 Ranked 7th among Top 100 Auto Parts Companies of                China Automotive News
                   China in 2022
                 Ranked 7th among Top 30 Auto Parts Companies in China China Machinery Industry Federation, China Association of
                                                                                   Automobile Manufacturers
                 Ranked 42nd among Top 500 Machinery Enterprises of              China Machinery Enterprise Management Association
                   China in 2022
GAC Capital      TOP 20 Best State-owned Direct Investment Institutions          china-fof.com
                 TOP 10 Best ESG Investment Institutions
                 Best Investment Institution for Post-investment                 Chinese Venture
                   Management in China



                                                                                                                                      357
  AWARDS AND HONOURS



  VEHICLE MODELS AND OTHER AWARDS
  Vehicle Models               Name of Honour                               Awarded by

  GAC Trumpchi Emkoo           The title of “Chinese Heart” Top Ten Best    AutoSports “China Heart” 2022 Top Ten
                                 Engines and Hybrid System                    Engines and Hybrid System Selection
                                                                              Organizing Committee
  GAC Trumpchi M8              Annual Model Intelligent Cabin Award under The “CICA Award” for Annual Model
                                 CICA Award                                   with Intelligent Cabin jointly held by
                                                                              J.D.POWER×Tongji University
  GAC Trumpchi Empow           The title of “Guangdong Famous High-tech     Guangdong Hi-tech Enterprise Association
                                 Product”
  GAC AION LX Plus             Annual Pure Electric SUV with Ultra-long     Vehicle Circle, wanchedi.com
                                 Endurance
  GAC AION Hyper GT            2022 Most Anticipated New Energy Model       Sina Auto
                                 Award
  GAC AION V Plus              Most Anticipated Intelligent Pure Electric   Organising Committee of China Automobile
                                 SUV of the Year                              Golden Elephant Award
  GAC AION Y Plus              Annual Best-selling Model                    Automotive Intelligence New Media
  GAC AION S                   No. 1 for Mid-end NEV Quality Experience     12365auto.com & CAR RESEARCH
  GAC Honda Vezel              No. 1 for Initial Quality Study (IQS) of     J.D. Power
                                 Compact SUV
  GAC Honda Fit                No. 1 for Initial Quality Study (IQS) of     J.D. Power
                                 Compact High-end Sedan
  GAC Honda Odyssey            Best MPV in 2022                             China Media Group
  GAC Honda ZR-V               2022 Annual Model Appraisal – Promising      315che.com
                                 New Models of the Year
  GAC Honda Accord             Ranked 2nd in the China’s Automobile         58che.com, J.D.POWER
                                 Preservation Rate Fengyun Ranking for
                                 Mid-sized Petrol Sedan
  GAC Honda Avancier           Ranked 2nd in the China’s Automobile         58che.com, J.D.POWER
                                 Preservation Rate Fengyun Ranking for
                                 Mid-sized Petrol SUV
  GAC Toyota Sienna            Best MPV in 2022                             China Media Group
  GAC Toyota Highlander        Medium and Large SUV of the Year             Global Auto Media/Auto Business/NEWSV5.
                                                                              com/che310.com/Global Auto Review/Car
                                                                              Prophet
  GAC Toyota- Venza            Premium Mid-size SUV of Greatest Concern     Carso2o
  GAC Mitsubishi new Outlander Most Anticipated High-end SUV of the Year    Organising Committee of China Automobile
                                                                              Awards




358
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2022




 DEFINITIONS
In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, all terms used shall have the following
meaning:

“Articles of Association”          the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to
                                   time

“associate(s)”, “associated        all entities over which the Company has significant influence but
company(ies)” or “associated       not control, generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20%
enterprise(s)”                     and 50% of the voting rights of such entities

“Board”                            the board of directors of the Company

“China Lounge Investments”         China Lounge Investments Limited (╈  䤸 鞳 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚), a wholly-
                                   owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Hong Kong

“Company” or “GAC”                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸婎髪꥘㎯罆♷僗꡿⪝⺚)

“Company Law”                      the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China

“CSRC”                             China Securities Regulatory Commission

“Da Sheng Technology”              Da Sheng Technology Co., Ltd.(㛻纲熭䤗罆♷僗꡿⪝⺚), a subsidiary of
                                   the Company established in June 2016 under PRC law, in which the
                                   Company and Urtrust Insurance holds 85% and 15% equity interests,
                                   respectively

“GAC AION”                         GAC AION New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. (䊷婎㒞㱧亍耇嶏婎髪罆♷
                                   僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚) (formerly known as Guangzhou Automobile New Energy
                                   Automobile Co., Ltd. (䊷 婎 亍 耇 嶏 婎 髪 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚)), a subsidiary of the
                                   Company incorporated in July 2017 under PRC law, and in which
                                   the Company directly and indirectly holds a total of 76.89% equity
                                   interests

“GAC Business”                     GAC Business Co., Ltd. (䊷 婎 ら 鞥 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚) (formerly known as
                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Business Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸婎髪꥘㎯ら鞥僗
                                   ꡿⪝⺚)), a wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in
                                   March 2000 under PRC law

“GAC BYD”                          Guangzhou GAC BYD New Energy Passenger Vehicle Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸
                                   䊷婎奃◟鳞亍耇嶏㲙髪僗꡿⪝⺚), a jointly controlled entity incorporated
                                   in August 2014 under PRC law by the Company and BYD Company
                                   Limited, and the Company holds 49% of its equity interests




                                                                                                              359
  DEFINITIONS



  “GAC Capital”           GAC Capital Co., Ltd. (䊷婎鞳儗僗꡿⪝⺚), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                          the Company incorporated in April 2013 under PRC Law



  “GAC Changfeng”         GAC Changfeng Motor Co., Ltd. (䊷 婎 ꝏ 雧 婎 髪 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚) (formerly
                          known as Hunan Changfeng Motor Co., Ltd. (崷⶟ꝏ雧婎髪邯鵲罆♷僗꡿
                          ⪝⺚)), a company incorporated in November 1996 under PRC Law, in
                          which the Company holds 100% equity interests

  “GAC Component”         GAC Component Co., Ltd. (䊷 婎 ꦻ 鼨 ♭ 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚) (formerly known as
                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Component Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸婎髪꥘㎯ꦻ鼨
                          ♭僗꡿⪝⺚)), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in August 2000
                          under PRC law by the Company and its subsidiaries

  “GAC Energy”            GAC Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (䊷婎耇嶏熭䤗僗꡿⪝⺚), a subsidiary
                          incorporated in July 2022 under PRC law, in which the Company and
                          GAC AION holds 55% and 45% equity interests, respectively

  “GAC FCA”               GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co., Ltd. (䊷婎虜◟攑⩡蚒事Ⲿ婎髪僗꡿
                          ⪝⺚) (formerly known as GAC FIAT Automobiles Co., Ltd. (䊷婎虜◟攑
                          婎髪僗꡿⪝⺚)), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in March 2010
                          under PRC law by the Company and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (Fiat
                          Chrysler Automobiles merged with the former Groupe PSA to form
                          Stellantis Group in January 2021)

  “GAC Finance Company”   Guangzhou Automobile Group Finance Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸婎髪꥘㎯靸Ⳋ僗꡿
                          ⪝⺚), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in January 2017 under
                          PRC law by the Company

  “GAC Hino”              GAC Hino Motors Co., Ltd. (䊷婎仼ꄇ婎髪僗꡿⪝⺚), a jointly controlled
                          entity incorporated in November 2007 under PRC law by the
                          Company and Hino Motors, Ltd.

  “GAC Honda”             GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (䊷 婎 儗 榹 婎 髪 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚) (formerly
                          known as Guangzhou Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸儗榹婎髪僗꡿
                          ⪝⺚)), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 1998 under PRC
                          law by the Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China)
                          Investment Co., Ltd.

  “GAC International”     GAC International Automobile Sales & Service Co., Ltd.(䊷婎㎜꤁婎髪ꊷ
                          す僜Ⳋ僗꡿⪝⺚), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in May 2022
                          under PRC law by the Company




360
                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                              Annual Report 2022




                                                                     DEFINITIONS



“GAC Leasing”         Guangzhou GAC Leasing Co., Ltd. (䊷 䃸 䊷 婎 燃 鞪 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚), a wholly-
                      owned subsidiary incorporated in February 2004 under PRC law by
                      the Company

“GAC Mitsubishi”      GAC Mitsubishi Motor Co., Ltd. (䊷 婎 └ 虘 婎 髪 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚), a jointly
                      controlled entity incorporated in September 2012 under PRC law
                      by the Company, Mitsubishi Motors Corporation and Mitsubishi
                      Corporation

“GAC Toyota”          GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (䊷婎雧榹婎髪僗꡿⪝⺚) (formerly known
                      as Guangzhou Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸雧榹婎髪僗꡿⪝⺚)), a jointly
                      controlled entity incorporated in September 2004 under PRC law
                      by the Company, Toyota Motor Company and Toyota Motor (China)
                      Investment Co., Ltd.

“GAC Toyota Engine”   GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd. (䊷婎雧榹氪Ⳃ嚁僗꡿⪝⺚), an associated
                      company incorporated in February 2004 under PRC law by the
                      Company and Toyota Motor Company, and the Company holds 30%
                      of its equity interests

“GAC-SOFINCO”         GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd. (䊷婎帠杼婎髪ꄌ踅僗꡿⪝
                      ⺚), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 2010 under PRC
                      law by the Company and Société de Financement Industriel et
                      Commercial (SOFINCO)

“GAEI”                Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Automotive Engineering
                      Institute, a branch company of the Company established in June
                      2006 for the purpose of conducting research and development of
                      the products and technology in which the Company has proprietary
                      rights

“GAIG”                Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸婎髪䄄哅꥘㎯僗꡿
                      ⪝⺚), a state-owned enterprise incorporated in October 2000 under
                      PRC law and the controlling shareholder of the Company

“GAMC”                GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (䊷 婎 ╿ 榫 髪 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚) (formerly known as
                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Motor Co., Ltd. (䊷䃸婎髪꥘㎯╿榫髪僗
                      ꡿⪝⺚)), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in
                      July 2008 under PRC law

“GAMC (Hangzhou)”     GAC Motor (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd., the predecessor of which was GAC
                      Gonow Automobile Co.,Ltd. (䊷婎⺮㝠婎髪僗꡿⪝⺚), in which GAC Motor
                      Co., Ltd. and HYCAN Automobile Technology Co., Ltd. hold 51% and 49%
                      equity interests respectively



                                                                                                361
  DEFINITIONS



  “Group” or “GAC Group”           the Company and its subsidiaries

  “HYCAN Automobile”               HYCAN Automobile Technology Co., Ltd. (⺭ Ⱙ 婎 髪 熭 䤗 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚)
                                   (formerly known as GAC Nio New Energy Automobile Technology
                                   Co., Ltd. (䊷婎複✿亍耇嶏婎髪熭䤗僗꡿⪝⺚)), a company jointly funded
                                   and established by the Company and Nio, Inc. in April 2018 under
                                   PRC law, in which 25% of its equity interests are jointly held by
                                   the Company and its subsidiaries after the completion of capital
                                   injection in January 2021

  “independent director”           has the same meaning as that of independent non-executive
                                   director

  “IMPOW Battery”                  IMPOW Battery Technology Co., Ltd. (㍕ 崘 ꧅ 娢 熭 䤗 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚), a
                                   subsidiary incorporated in October 2022 under PRC law, in which
                                   GAMC, GAC Business and GAC AION holds 40%, 9% and 51% equity
                                   interests, respectively

  “joint venture(s)” or “jointly   joint venture companies under direct or indirect joint control, and no
  controlled entity(ies)”          participating party has unilateral control power over the economic
                                   activities of such jointly controlled entity as a result of such direct or
                                   indirect joint control

  “Juwan Technology Research”      Guangzhou Juwan Technology Research Co., Ltd., an associated
                                   company incorporated in September 2020 under PRC law and jointly
                                   funded and established by the Company, GAC Capital, Guangzhou
                                   Juwan Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) and other
                                   natural person shareholders

  “Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange
                                   as amended from time to time

  “Model Code”                     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                   as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules

  “MPV”                            multi-purpose passenger vehicle

  “ON TIME”                        a mobile mobility platform established in April 2019 and launched
                                   by the Company through Chenqi Technology Limited (including its
                                   subsidiaries) established by China Lounge Investments and Tencent,
                                   and its controlling company, and is indirectly held 23.6% by the
                                   Group




362
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2022




                                                                         DEFINITIONS



“PRC” or “China”          the People’s Republic of China

“RMB”                     Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Ruipai Power”            Ruipai Power Technology Co., Ltd. (ꊮ崘Ⳃⱱ熭䤗僗꡿⪝⺚), a subsidiary
                          incorporated in October 2022 under PRC law, in which the Company,
                          GAMC and GAC AION holds 23%, 26% and 51% equity interests
                          respectively

“Securities Law”          the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China

“SFO”                     the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                          Hong Kong)

“Shanghai Hino”           Shanghai Hino Engine Co., Ltd. (┕宿仼ꄇ氪Ⳃ嚁僗꡿⪝⺚), an associated
                          company incorporated in October 2003 under PRC law by the
                          Company and Hino Motors, Ltd., in which the Company holds 30%
                          equity interests

“SSE”                     the Shanghai Stock Exchange

“SSE Listing Rules”       the Rules Governing the Listing of Shares on the SSE, as amended
                          from time to time

“Stock Exchange”          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Supervisory Committee”   The supervisory committee of the Company

“SUV”                     sports utility vehicle

“Times GAC”               Times GAC Energy Battery System Co., Ltd. (侇♏䊷婎Ⳃⱱ꧅娢僗꡿⪝
                          ⺚), an associated company jointly funded and established by the
                          Company, GAC AION and Contemporary Amperex Technology Co.,
                          Ltd. in December 2018 under PRC law, in which the Company and
                          GAC AION hold 49% equity interests in total

“Tong Fang Logistics”     Tong Fang Global (Tianjin) Logistics Co., Limited (⺱亡梫杷(㛿孅)擻孲僗
                          ꡿⪝⺚), an associated company incorporated by the Company, China
                          First Automobile Works Group and Toyota Motor Company in July
                          2007, in which the Company holds 25% equity interests




                                                                                                    363
  DEFINITIONS



  “Urtrust Insurance”   Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd. (浑 鏩 婎 髪 ⟊ ꤠ 罆 ♷ 僗 ꡿ ⪝ ⺚), a subsidiary
                        incorporated in June 2011 under PRC law by the Company, and in
                        which the Company directly and indirectly holds a total of 53.55%
                        equity interests

  “Wuyang-Honda”        Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (◑ 紀  儗 榹 䰶 䣚(䊷 䃸)
                        僗꡿⪝⺚), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in July 1992 under
                        PRC law by the Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor
                        (China) Investment Co., Ltd.




364
