Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Limited
廣州汽車集團股份有限公司
（a joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability）
H Share Stock Code: 2238
A Share Stock Code: 601238




2021
Annual Report
                                                  Contents
3     Chapter 1     Chairman’s Statement

11    Chapter 2     Corporate Profile and
                    Summary of Business

19    Chapter 3     Management Discussion
                    and Analysis

49    Chapter 4     Corporate Governance

95    Chapter 5     Report of the Directors

100   Chapter 6     Report of the Supervisory
                    Committee

105   Chapter 7     Environmental and Social
                    Responsibility

108   Chapter 8     Significant Events

141   Chapter 9     Changes in Shares and
                    Information on Shareholders

150   Chapter 10 Bonds

156   Chapter 11 Financial Statements

      Awards and Honours

      Definitions
     IMPORTANT NOTICE
    1.   The Board, Supervisory Committee and the directors,
         supervisors and senior management of the Company
         warrant the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the
         information contained in the annual report. There are no
         misrepresentations, misleading statements contained in or
         material omissions from the annual report and they shall
         assume joint and several responsibilities.

    2.   All directors of the Company have attended the meeting of
         the Board.

    3.   PricewaterhouseCoopers issued an unqualified auditors’
         report for the Company.

    4.   Zeng Qinghong, the person in charge of the Company,
         Feng Xingya, the general manager, Wang Dan, the person
         in charge of accounting function and Zheng Chao, the
         manager of the accounting department (Accounting Chief),
         represent that they warrant the truthfulness, accuracy and
         completeness of the financial statements contained in this
         annual report.

    5.   The proposal for profit distribution or conversion of capital
         reserve into shares for the reporting period as resolved by
         the Board
         The Board proposed payment of final cash dividend of RMB1.7 per 10 shares (tax inclusive). Together
         with the cash dividend of RMB0.5 per 10 shares (including tax) paid during the interim period, the
         ratio of total cash dividend payment for the year to net profit attributable to the shareholders’
         equity of listed company for the year would be approximately 30.62%.

    6.   Risks relating to forward-looking statements
         The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report regarding the Company’s future
         plans and development strategies do not constitute any substantive commitment to investors by
         the Company and investors are reminded of investment risks.

    7.   No appropriation of funds of the Company by the controlling
         shareholder or its related parties for non-operational
         activities.

    8.   There are no guarantees granted to external parties by the
         Company in violation of the prescribed decision-making
         procedures.
2
Chairman’s
 Statement
     Chapter 1

     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



                                                          Dear shareholders,

                                                          2021 is an extraordinary year. In the
                                                          f irst year of the “14th Five-Year Plan”,
                                                          we ushered in the 100th anniversary
                                                          of th e foun din g of th e Communist
                                                          Party of China. China embarked on a
                                                          great new journey of comprehensively
                                                          building a modernised socialist country.
                                                          Meanwhile, in the past year, “Black
                                                          swan” and “Grey rhino” events emerged
                                                          and lingered around us. Faced with
                                                          risks and challenges one after another,
                                                          such as the impact of the pandemic,
                                                          chip shortages, power outages and
                                                          restriction, extreme weather and
                                                          others, the Group had worked together
                                                          to face the diff icul ties, stabilise
                                                          growth, f ight against the pandemic,
                                                          ensure supply, seek innovation, and
                                                          promote reforms. When conf ronted
    ZENG Qinghong Chairman                                by mountains, we f ind a way through;
                                                          when blocked by a river, we build a
                                                          bridge to the other side. We achieved a
                                                          good start of the “14th Five-Year Plan”.
                                                          On behalf of the Board, I would like to
                                                          express my heartfelt gratitude to our
                                                          shareholders, customers, employees,
                                                          partners and people from all walks of life.



    Devoted all efforts to overcome difficulties, and the production and operation remained stable
    with progress. The Group adhered to make progress and improve quality amid stability, focus on the
    objectives and overcome the difficulties, and made all efforts to coordinate and mobilise resources to
    ensure stable supply. The main operating indicators were well achieved. During the year, the vehicle
    production and sales volume of the Group were 2,138,100 units and 2,144,400 units respectively,
    representing a year-on-year increase of 5.08% and 4.92% respectively, both of which outperformed
    the industry. Self-developed brands launched several star models, including GAC Trumpchi EMPOW,
    Second-generation GS8, AION Y and AION S Plus. The product structure was continuously optimised,
    and the product power, marketing power and brand power were continuously enhanced. In 2021, the
    Group realised sales revenue of approximately RMB429.755 billion on an aggregate basis, representing


4
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2021




                                                            CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



an increase of approximately 8.66% as compared with that of the corresponding period of the previous
year. The sales revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB75.676 billion, representing an
increase of approximately 19.82% as compared with that of the corresponding period last year; the
net profit attributable to owners of the parent company amounted to approximately RMB7.511 billion,
representing an increase of approximately 25.94% as compared with that of the corresponding period
last year; the basic earnings per share amounted to approximately RMB0.73, representing an increase of
approximately 25.86% as compared with that of the corresponding period last year. GAC was included
in the Fortune Global 500 List for the ninth consecutive year, with the highest ranking of No.176 among
the years. For the purpose of giving practical returns to shareholders, the Board proposed to distribute
to all shareholders a final dividend of RMB1.7 (including tax) for every 10 shares, together with an
interim dividend of RMB0.5 (including tax) for every 10 shares, the total amount of dividends distributed
throughout the year was approximately RMB2.3 billion.




      Automobile              Automobile              Sales revenue on an
                                                                                     Sales revenue
     sales volume          production volume            aggregate basis

       2.1444                     2.1381                 RMB429.755                  RMB75.676
    million units             million units                billion                     billion
     ↑4.92%                    ↑5.08%                     ↑8.66%                      ↑19.82%
                        Net profit attributable
                       to owners of the parent                                 Total dividends
                              company                                          distributed throughout
                         RMB7.511 billion                                      the year

                           ↑25.94%                                             RMB2.3 billion


Facilitated the “Dual Carbon” strategy, and
comprehensively promoted the “Green Low-
carbon for Achieving Sustainable Success”
plan. In order to facilitate the national goal
of “Dual Carbon”, the Group launched the
plan named “Green Low-carbon for Achieving
Sustainable Success”, which aims to achieve
carbon neutralisation in the whole-life cycle of
products by 2050 while striving for completion
by 2045, and proactively explored solutions for
                                                            GAC AION Smart Ecological Plant
                                                                                                                  5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    certain links along the whole cycle, including R&D, production and consumer utilisation. The first is to
    implement full-time management. Our system promotes full-cycle carbon emission management, from
    R&D to production and from purchase to recycle, and explores the establishment of carbon account for
    automobile consumers. The second is to build GAC AION as the first zero-carbon factory by 2023, and to
    establish a zero-carbon automobile industry zone supported by the GAC Zhilian New Energy Automotive
    Industrial Park. The third is to further increase the proportion of new energy automobile and energy-
    efficient cars with intelligent network connection. By 2025, new energy vehicles of self-developed brands
    will account for 50% of the sales, and by 2030, new energy vehicles will account for 50%. The Group will
    continue to develop alternative fuel models including hydrogen-powered category. At the same time, we
    will make every effort to promote the “26 Energy Action”, that is to realise batteries being purchasable
    and leasable, rechargeable and replaceable, capable of slow-charging or fast-charging, with large or
    small capacity, applicable for long or short mileage, electricity being purchasable and saleable, recyclable
    and capable of cascade utilisation, accelerating the exploration and establishment of a new ecology for
    the use of new energy vehicles.

    Made efforts in innovation and speeded up the improvement of the industrial ecology. In the field
    of intelligent networking and new energy, we continued to strengthen the R&D of core technologies and
    promote the self-reliance of technology. During the year, more than RMB5.1 billion was invested in R&D,
    and 2,580 new applications for patents were made, of which 1,108 were invention patents, amounting to
    a total of 10,620 patent applications, including 3,861 invention patents. Focusing on user pain points such
    as driving range, battery safety, and charging convenience related to new energy vehicles, the “Three
    Electric” technologies achieved new breakthroughs. Among them, the self-developed technologies of
    sponge silicone anode battery equipped onto the AION LX Plus was launched on the market, with a
    maximum driving range of 1,008 km (CLTC comprehensive operating conditions); ultra-speed battery
    technology and magazine battery system safety technology were applied in mass production. We
    conformed to the trend of software-driven automobile development and promoted the development of
    intelligent network integration. The centralised computing electronic and electrical architecture “Astral
    Architecture” equipped with vehicle-cloud integration was officially launched in the 2021 Guangzhou
    Automobile Exhibition; technologies such as AR HUD, Beyond Visual Range parking summoning,
    and Navigated Driving Assist (NDA) continue to be used in mass production successively; and the L4
                                                            automatic drive (Robotaxi) had commenced regular
                                                            testing and demonstration operation. The Group
                                                            accelerated the promotion of digital transformation
                                                            from marketing, management and control to
                                                            intelligent manufacturing and R&D. The industrial
                                                            strategic cooperation continued to deepen,
                                                            actively promoted the first vehicle model project
                                                            jointly developed with Huawei, and completed the
                                                            investment layout covering a number of “Specialised,
                                                            Sophisticated, Special and New” enterprises in the
                                                            new energy industry chain of intelligent network
                                                            connection, such as Yuexin Semiconductor, Horizon,
          Astral Architecture
                                                            and WeRide, so as to further build the future
                                                            industrial ecology.



6
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2021




                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Emphasised on reform and stimulated the endogenous power of enterprises. We enhanced
coordination while promoting and deepening the “Double-Hundred Reform”, the improvement
campaign that benchmarked against world-class management and the three-year action for reform of
state-owned enterprises. We comprehensively promoted tenure system and contractual management
that cover all subsidiary enterprises at all levels, and achieved “requirement on tenure, fulfillment of
responsibilities, realisation of performance goals and rectification against malpractice.” We deepened the
mixed ownership reform, achieved capital injection and employee stock ownership in HYCAN Automobile
and Juwan Technology Research. We initiated and promoted the mixed ownership reform on and
introduction of strategical investment for GAC AION, and completed the internal reorganisation and
integration of the Group’s R&D capabilities, businesses, assets and personnel in the field of new energy.
We are in the process of actively promoting the employee stock ownership, technological talents stock
ownership and the introduction of strategic investors for GAC AION, so as to promote the optimisation
and consolidation of the Group’s new energy vehicle business by enhancing its core competitiveness and
independent operating abilities.

At present, being in the midst of an unprecedented change in the world unseen in a century which
has evolved rapidly due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, the global supply chain is experiencing
a prolonged period of stagnancy led by virus variation while the global economic recovery has slowed
down. Despite the economy of China being confronted with triple barriers, including shrinking demand,
supply shock and weakening expectations, the fundamentals of the Chinese economy, characterised
by long-term sustainability remain unchanged. With the thorough propulsion of domestic major cycle
and the country’s strategies to expand domestic demand, it is expected that the automobile industry
will continue to achieve recovery growth. In recent years, due to technological progress and industrial
upgrading, the “New Four Modernisations” of the automobile industry have accelerated. At the same
time, with the gradual implementation of the national “Dual Carbon” strategy, the domestic economic
development model, energy structure, technological path, production and consumption methods will
also undergo tremendous changes. In the face of the sweeping technological waves and industrial
changes, the opportunities are obvious along with the more fierce competition. Only by being prepared
for a protracted war can we be invincible.

2022 is the crucial year for the development of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, and also the first year for the
                                           Group to implement a new tenure of professional managers
                                           and execute tenure system and contractual management on
                                           corporate managers of various enterprises. Centred on the
                                           vision for 2035 and the “14th Five-Year Plan” development
                                           plan, we will work earnestly and make breakthrough as a
                                           pioneer to forge a “growing, effective, quality, autonomous,
                                           technological, efficient and responsible GAC”. We will strive
                                           for the goal of a 15% year-on-year growth in automobile
                                           production and sales volume for the whole year, exploring
                                           new horizons for high-quality development of the Group.




                                                                                                                   7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    To stand on new development stages where “expressway” for transformation and upgrading
    will be completed. Focusing on product upgrades, we will formulate “dual-brand” differentiated
    strategies for our brand-new self-developed brands to improve the product matrix, accelerate brand
    upgrading, manifest brand personalities, and portray a technological, youthful and personalised brand
    image; strengthen marketing upgrades, further highlight digital marketing, deepen the characteristic
    service system, and gradually realise the value ecology co-created by users.

    To excavate a green and low-carbon “moat” by thorough implementation of new development
    concepts. We will accelerate and promote the implementation of measures related to “Dual Carbon”
    planning, and make every effort to achieve sustainable development involving green products, green
    production, green supply chain, green travel, green finance and green community by fully promoting
    energy conservation and emission reduction and constructing a new green ecosystem covering the entire
    industrial chain, from R&D to production and from purchase to use.

    To construct a new development layout in order to shape the “ecosystem” covering the whole
    industrial chain. We will continue to promote technological self-reliance, enhance the technological
    innovation layout equipped with intelligent network connection and new energy industry chain, and
    spare no effort to break through the user pain points in the core technologies of new energy whole
    vehicles such as safety, high-efficiency energy consumption, scenario-based endurance, charging speed,
    thereby eliminating the shortcomings of the core technologies of intelligent network connection, and
    improving the autonomous and controllable ability of it. Strategical cooperation will continue to be
    deepened, technological innovation will be energised by way of industry investment, so as to construct an
    autonomous, secure and controllable supply ecosystem.

    To promote high-quality development and consolidate the “cornerstone” for deepening reform.
    We will continue to promote the reforms of professional managers, and improve the salary assessment
    management mechanism for them. We will fully extend the tenure system and contractual management
    to enterprise managers, and effectively promote the implementation of the solid commitment to rewards
    and punishments based on assessment results. We will actively yet prudently push forward the mixed-
    ownership reform in investment enterprises, make every effort to promote the reform and innovative
    development of GAC AION’s systems and mechanisms, and endeavour to transform the mechanism to
    increase vitality.

    “A person may not be without ambition and perseverance, as he bears a heavy responsibility on a
    long road”. There will be challenges and opportunities coexisting, scenery alongside the risks on the
    new journey of comprehensively building a modern socialist country. The road ahead is long and we
    are ready to work harder. In the new year, we will embark on a new development stage, implement
    new development philosophy with integrity, accuracy and comprehensiveness, and accelerate the
    establishment of a new development layout. In order to construct the Group as a world-class enterprise
    which wins customers’ trust, ensures staff’s well-being and meets social expectation, and to achieve
    high-quality development of China’s automobile industry, we will make unremitting endeavour day and
    night in exploring new horizons, so as to celebrate the opening of the 20th CPC National Congress with
    brilliant performance.




8
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021




MAIN OPERATING INDICATORS
 Vehicle sales volume of the Group                        Energy-saving and new energy
                      220
                                                         vehicle sales volume of the Group
                                               214.44
                      215
                                                                              50                          44.17


  0'000 units
                      210                                                     40



                                                          0'000 units
                      205                   4.92%                             30                 53.04%
                                                                              20
                      200
                                                                              10
                      195                                                      0
                              2019   2020       2021                                2019     2020           2021

                                                                       New energy vehicles Energy-saving vehicles

Sales revenue on an aggregated basis                                                Sales revenue
                                                                              800                        756.76




  100 million (RMB)                                      100 million (RMB)
                      4,800
                                              4,297.55
                      4,400                                                   700
                      4,000             8.66%                                                    19.82%
                                                                              600
                      3,600

                      3,200                                                   500
                              2019   2020       2021                                2019     2020           2021



      Net profit attributable to owners                                        Expenditures in research
           of the parent company                                                  and development


                      80                        75.11                         60                            51.08




  100 million (RMB)                                       100 million (RMB)
                      70
                                                                              50
                      60
                                        25.94%                                40                    1.31%
                      50
                      40                                                      30
                      30
                                                                              20
                      20
                                                                              10
                      10
                       0                                                       0
                              2019   2020       2021                                2019     2020           2021




                                                                                                                                   9
  Corporate
     Profile
     and
Summary of
  Business
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2021



 Chapter 2

 CORPORATE PROFILE AND
 SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
I.    CORPORATE INFORMATION
      Chinese name of the Company                   廣州汽車集團股份有限公司
      Chinese abbreviation                          廣汽集團
      English name of the Company                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
      English abbreviation                          GAC Group
      Legal representative                          Zeng Qinghong



II.   CONTACT PERSON AND CONTACT METHOD
                                                    Company Secretary/Secretary to the Board
      Name                                          Sui Li
      Address                                       GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New
                                                      Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
      Telephone                                     020-83151139
      Facsimile                                     020-83150319
      E-mail                                        ir@gac.com.cn



III. BASIC INFORMATION
      Registered address of the Company             23/F, Chengyue Building, 448-458 Dong Feng
                                                      Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
      Office address of the Company                 GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New
                                                      Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
      Postal code of the Company’s office address   510623
      Principal place of business in Hong Kong      Room 808, Citicorp Centre, 18 Whitfield Road,
                                                      Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
      Company’s website                             www.gac.com.cn
      E-mail                                        ir@gac.com.cn
      Investor hotline                              020-83151139 Ext.3



IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND PLACE OF INSPECTION
      Names of the media for annual report          China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
       disclosure of the Company                      Securities Times and Securities Daily
      Website of the SSE for annual report          www.sse.com.cn
       disclosure of the Company
      Website of the Stock Exchange for             www.hkexnews.hk
       annual report disclosure of the Company
      Place of inspection of the annual report      22/F, GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang
       of the Company                                 New Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou



                                                                                                                 11
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



     V. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY’S SHARES
                                 Stock exchange of                Stock
        Class of shares          listing shares                   abbreviation          Stock code



        A shares                 SSE                              GAC GROUP             601238
        H shares                 Stock Exchange                   GAC GROUP             02238



     VI. OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION
        Auditors          Name                      ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP
         (domestic)       Business address          8/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion, No.8, Chaoyangmen
                                                     Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing
                          Name of signatory         Chen Jinqi, Ou Jinguang
                           accountants


        Auditors          Name                      PricewaterhouseCoopers
         (overseas)                                 Certified Public Accountants and Registered PIE Auditor
                          Business address          22/F, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong
                          Name of signatory         Lam Wai Nang
                           accountant


        Sponsor           Name                      China International Capital Corporation Limited
         performing       Business address          27th Floor & 28th Floor, China World Office 2, 1
         continuous                                  Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing
         supervisory      Name of the chief         Zhou Jiaqi, Long Liang
         duty during       signatory of financial
         the reporting     advisors
         period           Period of continuous      The Company completed the non-public issuance
                           supervision               of A shares in November 2017, during which the
                                                     corresponding continuous supervision period was
                                                     from 17 November 2017 to 31 December 2018, and the
                                                     sponsor continued to perform the relevant ongoing
                                                     supervision obligations before the raised proceeds
                                                     were fully utilised


        H share           Name                      Tricor Investor Services Limited
         registrar of     Address of the            Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong
         the Company       registrar                 Kong




12
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2021




           CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



VII. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
   The existing principal businesses of the Group consist of research and development, manufacture
   of vehicles (vehicles and motorcycles), parts and components, commercial services, financial
   services and mobility transportation, which form a complete closed-loop industry chain.

   1.   Research and development
        The Group’s R&D is based on GAEI, a directly funded
        and managed body of the Company, and also a
        subsidiary of the Company and a strategic business
        division operating relatively independently within the
        authorised scope. It is mainly responsible for the Group’s general development plan of new
        products and new technologies, as well as implementation of material R&D projects.

   2.   Manufacture of vehicles
        (1)   The manufacture of passenger
              vehicles is mainly conducted
              through subsidiaries, including
              GAMC, GAC AION and joint
              ventures, including GAC Honda,
              GAC Toyota, GAC FCA and GAC
              Mitsubishi.
                   Products:
                    The Group’s passenger
                    vehicles include 15 series of
                    sedans, 28 series of SUV and
                    4 series of MPV.


                    Fuel-engined vehicle products of the Group mainly include:
                    •       GAC Trumpchi (GA4, GA6, GA8, Empow, GS3, GS4, GS4 COUPE, GS4 PLUS,
                            GS8, GS8S, M6, M8, etc.);
                    •       GAC Honda Accord, Crider, Integra, Vezel, Odyssey, Fit, Avancier, Breeze,
                            Acura CDX, Acura RDX, etc.;
                    •       GAC Toyota Camry, Highlander, Wildlander, Yaris L, Levin, Levin GT, C-HR,
                            Sienna, etc.;
                    •       GAC FCA JEEP Cherokee, JEEP Renegade, JEEP Compass, JEEP Grand
                            Commander, etc.;
                    •       GAC Mitsubishi ASX, Outlander, Eclipse Cross, etc.;




                                                                                                                  13
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



                      Energy conservation and new energy products of the Group include:
                      •     GAC Trumpchi GS4 • PHEV, GS8 HEV;
                      •     GAC AION AION S, AION LX, AION V, AION Y;
                      •     GAC Honda Accord Sport Hybrid, Odyssey Sport Hybrid, Breeze Sport
                            Hybrid, Crider Sport Hybrid, Acura CDX Hybrid, Breeze Sport Hybrid e+, VE-
                            1, EA6;
                      •     GAC Toyota Camry HEV, Highlander HEV, Wildlander HEV, high-
                            performance Wildlander, Levin HEV, Levin PHEV, iA5, C-HR HEV, C-HR EV;
                      •     GAC FCA JEEP Grand Commander • PHEV;
                      •     HYCAN Automobile HYCAN (Hechuang) 007, Z03;
                            The commercial vehicles are mainly manufactured by GAC Hino, a joint
                            venture, and GAC BYD, an associated company. Main products include
                            light and heavy trucks, construction vehicles and large to medium-sized
                            passenger vehicles, etc.


                           Production capacity: During the reporting period, phase I of the GAC
                            Toyota new energy expansion project with a vehicle production capacity
                            of 200,000 units/year was completed and put into operation in July 2021.
                            As at the end of the reporting period, the total vehicle production capacity
                            amounted to 2,933,000 units/year.


                           Sales channel: The Group conducts automobile sales through sales
                            outlets and online channels. As at the end of the reporting period, the
                            Company, together with its joint ventures and associated enterprises, had
                            2,558 passenger vehicle 4S sales outlets covering 31 provinces, counties,
                            autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC. In order to flexibly
                            respond to market changes, especially in the field of new energy vehicles,
                            the Group actively explored the innovation of marketing models and
                            created a dual-track model of “Direct Sales+Distribution, Online+Offline,
                            Automobile City+Commercial Supermarkets”.


          (2)   Motorcycles
                The Group manufactures motorcycles mainly through its joint venture Wuyang-Honda.
                Main products include standard motorcycles, sport bikes and scooters, etc. As at the
                end of the reporting period, the total production capacity of motorcycles of the Group
                was 1.25 million units/year.




14
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2021




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



3.   Commercial and mobility transportation services
     Mainly through its subsidiary, GAC Business, its controlling and investee companies, Da
     Sheng Technology, and its associated company “ON TIME” (如祺出行) etc. in the upstream and
     downstream of the automobile industrial chain, the Group carried on businesses in vehicle
     sales, logistics, international trading, second-hand vehicles, end-of-life vehicles disassembling,
     resources recycling, supporting services, digitalisation and mobility transportation services,
     etc.




4.   Parts and components
     The Group’s production of parts and components was mainly carried out through the
     controlling, jointly controlled, investee companies of its subsidiary, GAC Component, and
     GAC Toyota Engine and Shanghai Hino, the Group’s associated companies. The parts and
     components include engines, gearboxes, car seats, micro motors, shifter, electric controller,
     interior and exterior decorations. The products were mainly whole vehicle accessories of the
     Group.




5.   Finance
     The Group carried on financial investment, insurance, insurance brokerage, finance lease,
     automobile credit, and other related businesses mainly through its subsidiaries, namely GAC
     Finance, China Lounge Investments, GAC Capital, Urtrust Insurance, and its joint venture,
     GAC-SOFINCO, etc.




                                                                                                               15
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



     VIII. A N A L Y S I S O N C O R E C O M P E T I T I V E N E S S D U R I N G T H E
           REPORTING PERIOD
         The Group persisted in promoting development through innovation and reform, continued to
         deepen the reform on system and mechanism, took the lead in carrying out the pilot reform of
         professional managers among state-owned enterprises in Guangzhou, continued to optimise the
         functions of organisational structures, established and perfected diversified incentive mechanisms,
         steadily promoted the mixed ownership reform of investment enterprises, actively promoted digital
         transformation and core competitiveness was continuously enhanced.



         1.   Industry layouts with complete industry chain and optimised
              structure
              The Group has formed an industry strategic layout based in South China and radiating
              to Central China, East China and Northwest China and a complete closed-loop industrial
              chain centering upon manufacture of vehicles and covering R&D of vehicles and parts
              and components in the upstream and automobile business, financial service and mobile
              mobility in the downstream, which is one of the automobile groups in the PRC with the
              most integrated industrial chain and the most optimised industry layout. The synergy in the
              upstream and downstream of the industrial chain progressed gradually, new profit growth
              points have been emerging and the comprehensive competitiveness of the Group has been
              constantly enhanced.



         2.   Advanced manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality and procedural
              management
              The Group has comprehensive advantages in terms of manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality
              and procedural management which mainly include: (1) the world’s leading quality advantage;
              (2) innovative advantage brought by “continuous improvement”; (3) cost advantage brought
              by the pursuit of excellence.



         3.   Continued to enrich product line and optimise product structure
              The Group has a full range of products including sedans, SUV and MPV and continued
              to research and develop and introduce new models and product iterations to maintain
              market competitiveness of its products in order to meet changes in consumer demand. It
              maintained customer loyalty and a widely recognised brand reputation.




16
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2021




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



4.   Initiated the “GAC Model” for the R&D and production system of
     self-developed brands
     After years of introduction, digestion, absorption and innovation, the Group accumulated
     funds, technologies, talents and experience, and formulated a world-class production system.
     For R&D, through the integration of advantageous global resources and the establishment
     of a global R&D network, the Group has formed a cross-platform and modular-structured
     forward development system, and has been equipped with the advantage of integrated
     innovation, and owns nationally recognised enterprise technology center, overseas high-level
     talent innovation and entrepreneurship base, national talent introduction demonstration
     base, academician workstation, postdoctoral research workstation and other innovation
     platforms. Overall supervision system of vehicle models and incentive mechanism of
     model team were comprehensively implemented to form a system and mechanism for the
     integration of research, production and sale with high efficiency and mutual benefit.



5.   Built a new energy and intelligent network technology system
     For the new energy field, the Group has the leading purely electric powered vehicle
     exclusive platform GEP2.0, the first application of the deep-integrated “three-in-one” electric
     automobile system and two-gear dual-motor “four-in-one” integrated electric automobile
     system. The Group deeply engaged in the independent research and development as well
     as the industrial application of power battery and battery cells, self-developed power battery
     technologies such as sponge silicon anode battery technology, ultra-fast charging battery
     technology and the magazine battery system safety technology, creating the AION series,
     a new energy vehicle product system based on the new purely electric powered exclusive
     platform, and introduced a variety of new energy products to the joint ventures successfully.
     In the intelligent networking sector, ADiGO Smart Driving and Connected Ecosystem, which
     possesses intelligent driving system, IoT system, cloud platform and big data, and centralised
     computing electronic and electrical architecture “Astral Architecture” equipped with vehicle-
     cloud integration were self-developed by the Group.



6.   Connection to worldwide capital operation platforms
     The Group successfully built capital operation platforms in both A share and H share markets,
     which was favourable to the Group in adequately leveraging on investment and financing
     instruments in various forms from domestic and overseas capital markets to achieve effective
     resources allocation and realise the maximisation of capital appreciation and corporate value
     through the integration of internal and external growth. The Company explored structural
     reform in governance, continued to improve medium and long-term incentive mechanism
     and to expand its investment and financing sector, optimised financing structure, and the
     role of finance in supporting the main business has been significantly enhanced.



                                                                                                             17
Management
Discussion and
      Analysis
                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                        Annual Report 2021



Chapter 3

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS
   In order to facilitate the national goal of “Dual Carbon”, the Group
  launched the plan named “Green Low-carbon for Achieving
  Sustainable Success”, which aims to achieve carbon neutralisation
 in the whole-life cycle of products by 2050 while striving for
 completion by 2045.




         reen 綠色



         ow-Carbon 低碳



         chieving 實現



         ustainable 可持續



         uccess 成就




                                                                                             19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     I.   ANALYSIS ON INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT
          In 2021, the world economy was still experiencing the severe challenges brought about by the
          recurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic, accompanied by multiple unfavorable factors such as chip
          shortage and high raw materials prices around the world, and the automobile industry was still
          subject to enormous challenges. At the same time, our country had firmly promoted the work of
          “six priorities” and “six stabilising forces” and strictly adopted measures to prevent and control
          the pandemic, so as to ensure the stability of market entities and industrial supply chain. As a
          result of the stimulating and timely introduction of policies on automobile consumption, market
          demand gradually recovered with continuous improvement in industry cycles and stable recovery
          of consumer market. The industry’s annual cumulative sales volume ended its negative growth for
          three consecutive years, achieving a sound growth trend while maintaining stability throughout the
          year. The annual production and sales volume of vehicles was 26,082,200 units and 26,274,800 units
          respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.40% and 3.81% respectively. The production
          and sales volume continued to be the first in the world.


                 Monthly Automobile Sales Volume in China from 2019 to 2021
               0'000 units
               300               369.4%                                                                                               400%

                                                                                                                                      350%
               250
                                                                                                                                      300%

               200                                                                                                                    250%

                                                                                                                                      200%
               150
                                                                                                                                      150%

               100                                                                                                                    100%

                                           76.6%                                                                                      50%
                50                                     8.8%
                                                               -3.0%   -12.4%   -11.7%                      -9.3%   -9.0%   -1.6%
                        29.9%                                                             -17.7%   -19.4%                             0%

                 0                                                                                                                    -50%
                     January    February    March     April    May     June     July     August September October November December

                                                   2019       2020       2021            Year-on-year change
          In terms of segment market, in 2021, the production and sales volume of passenger vehicles
          amounted to 21,408,000 units and 21,481,500 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase
          of 7.07% and 6.46% respectively. Among which, the demand for high-end brand passenger vehicles
          was recovering vigorously, with a year-on-year increase of more than 20%, which far exceeded the
          overall demand for passenger vehicles. Among the major types of passenger vehicles, the annual
          production and sales volume of SUV remained the first, and recorded a year-on-year increase of 6.72%
          and 6.77% respectively; the production and sales volume of sedans recorded a year-on-year increase
          of 7.82% and 7.11% respectively; the production and sales volume of MPV recorded a year-on-year
          increase of 6.06% and 0.11% respectively; and the production and sales volume of cross passenger
          vehicles recorded a year-on-year increase of 0.58% and 0.85% respectively.




20
                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021




                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



      Market Share of Passenger Vehicles by Models in China in 2021

                                              2%
                            5%




                                                                46%




                                                                          Sedans
               47%                                                        SUV
                                                                          MPV
                                                                          Cross passenger vehicles

Among which, 9,543,000 units of passenger vehicles of Chinese brands were sold, representing
a year-on-year increase of 23.15%, accounting for 44.42% of the total sales volume of passenger
vehicles, and 6.0% up from the same period last year. Among the major foreign brands, when
compared with the previous year, the sales volume of passenger vehicles of French series and
American series showed a rapid growth, while German series, Japanese series and Korean series
were all on a declining curve.


      Market Share of Passenger Vehicles by Series in China in 2021
                       50

                       40

                       30
                   %
                       20

                       10

                       0
                            Chinese   German       Japanese    American     Korean         French
                             brands    series        series     series       series         series
                   2020      38.4      23.9          23.1        9.6          3.5            0.3
                   2021      44.4      20.6          20.6        10.2         2.4            0.6

                                              2020            2021
Driven by certain factors such as the elimination of National Standard III vehicles and infrastructure
investment, the production and sales volume of commercial vehicles substantially increased in the
first quarter, but overall sales volume fell throughout the year. In 2021, the production and sales
volume of commercial vehicles was 4,674,300 units and 4,793,300 units respectively, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 10.65% and 6.62% respectively.




                                                                                                                             21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       Since January, the rate of increase in monthly sales volume of new energy vehicles had significantly
       expanded year-on-year, and the production and sales volume for each month broke the historical
       record of that corresponding month, with a new record high in December. In 2021, the production
       and sales volume of new energy vehicles was 3,544,900 units and 3,520,500 units respectively,
       representing a year-on-year increase of 159.49% and 159.48% respectively, as growth rate increased
       significantly compared to the previous year.


     Monthly Sales Volume of New Energy Vehicles in China from 2019 to 2021
           0’000 units
           60.0
                                                                                                                        53.1

           50.0                                                                                                45.0
                                                                                                      38.3
           40.0                                                                               35.7
                                                                                      32.1
           30.0                                                    25.6     27.1
                                         22.6             21.7
                                                  20.6
           20.0      17.9

                               11.0
           10.0

            0.0
                  January   February   March    April    May     June     July     August September October November December

                                                         2019       2020           2021
       Note: The above industry data was from CAAM.




22
                                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2021




                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



II.   ANALYSIS ON OPERATION OF THE COMPANY

      1.   Production and operations remained stable while showing an
           upward trend
           Overcoming various difficulties such as recurrence of pandemic, shortage of chip supply, and
           rising raw material prices, the Group achieved annual vehicle production and sales volume of
           2,138,100 units and 2,144,400 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.08%
           and 4.92% respectively. The growth rate of production and sales volume outperformed the
           general trend of the industry, while the domestic market share further increased to 8.16%.


                                        Monthly Sales Volume of GAC Group
                         units
                      250,000


                      200,000


                      150,000


                      100,000


                       50,000


                            0
                                 January February   March   April   May     June   July   August September October November December

                                                                          2020      2021
           In 2021, the production and sales volume of the Group’s passenger vehicles was 2,135,400
           units and 2,141,700 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.13% and 4.97%
           respectively. In terms of vehicle types, the sales volume of MPV model increased significantly
           by 38.84%, while the sales volume of sedans and SUV stably increased by 3.44% and 2.40%
           year-on-year. The production and sales volume of new energy vehicles continued to maintain
           rapid growth, and the annual production and sales volume was 144,700 units and 142,900
           units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 88.68% and 77.35% respectively,
           while the proportion of energy-saving vehicles further increased, with an annual production
           and sales volume of 296,500 units and 298,800 units respectively, representing a year-on-year
           increase of 36.84% and 43.63% respectively.



      2.   Steadily pushed forward project investment
           RMB30.46 billion had been invested in GAC Zhilian New Energy Automotive Industrial Park.
           Phase II of the new energy vehicle capacity expansion project for self-developed passenger
           car brands (an additional capacity of 100,000 units/year) was completed and commenced
           mass production in February 2022. GAC Toyota’s new energy vehicle capacity expansion


                                                                                                                                                    23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



             project (phase I) with production capacity of 200,000 units/year, construction project of
             GAEI’s Hualong R&D Base, construction project of Times GAC Energy Battery (phase I), GAC
             Aisin Gearbox project, GAC Toyota Engine’s construction project of TNGA series engines,
             construction project of GAC Component (Guangzhou) industrial park and other key projects
             had been completed and put into production on schedule. GAC Toyota’s new energy vehicle
             capacity expansion project (phase II), production lines transformation project of I Factory
             Engine Phase III of Guangzhou Qisheng Powertrain Co., Ltd., Southern (Shaoguan) Intelligent
             Network New Energy Vehicle Testing Center (phase I), electric-driven project of Guangzhou
             Nidec and other projects are in steady progress.




        Phase I of GAC Toyota new energy                  Capacity expansion project (phase II) of GAC
     vehicle capacity expansion project was                      AION Smart Ecological Plant
       completed and put into operation                    was completed and put into operation


        3.   Self-developed brands sought stability and improvement
             The adjustments on self-developed brands achieved preliminary effects. GAMC
             adhered to the product strategies of “smart appearance+high technology+ PVA leadership+
             differentiated characteristics”, and had launched new or facelift models such as EMPOW,
             GS4 PLUS, second-generation GS8, M6 Pro this year, accumulating total sales amounting to
             324,200 units throughout the year, with a year-on-year increase of 10.35%. Among them,
             the average monthly orders for our first sports sedan, the EMPOW, exceeded 10,000 units
             after being launched; M6 and M8 achieved a total sales volume of 114,600 units in the
             whole year, representing a year-on-year increase of 55.89%. M8 has been the top-seller for
             Chinese MPV luxury brand for 28 consecutive months. Steady progress had been achieved
             in internationalisation. Focusing on the “Belt and Road” initiative to develop core markets,
             GAC Trumpchi exported over 20,000 vehicles in total throughout the year, representing a
             year-on-year increase of over 70%. GAC AION launched three new products, namely AION Y,
             AION S Plus and AION V Plus, to further improve the model matrix of RMB100,000-350,000
             new energy vehicles core market. The total sales volume for the year reached 120,200 units,
             representing a year-on-year increase of 101.80%. AION S, AION Y, and AION V retail sales
             volume all occupied the forefront of their respective PEV market segments.


24
                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                 Annual Report 2021




           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




 The second-
generation GS8




                               AION Y




  AION V Plus




                               Empow



                                                                      25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



            Integration and collaboration continued to deepen. The operation mechanism of
            the self-developed brand management committee was improved. Business coordination
            and decision-making around key tasks such as the deepening of institutional reform, the
            implementation of the overall supervision system, the improvement of incentive distribution,
            and the modularisation of the platform were carried out, which improved the synergy
            efficiency of the integration of research, production and sales. Realising the full coverage of
            the overall supervision system over the models under development, and implementing the
            model team incentive mechanism that was bound to the success of the vehicle models, we
            have better motivated and ensured the role of the team of the overall supervision over the
            models.


            Marketing innovation accelerated. The
            functions and content operation of the
            GAC Trumpchi APP continued to improve,
            realising the whole process management
            for customer online experience, covering
            the whole ecosystem of users including
            brand, product, marketing and services. By
            introduction of measures such as the digital
            client manager system, customer experience
            continuously improved. GAC AION deepened
            its marketing reform, and explored the mode            The first directly-operated
            of “Auto City Store + Supermarket Display           experience center of GAC AION
            Center + Directly-operated Experience
            Center”, with the first directly-operated experience center in Guangzhou established.



       4.   Joint venture brands continued to make growth
            GAC Toyota’s newly launched or facelifted models, namely facelifted Camry, Fourth-
            Generation Highlander, Sienna, Levin GT and other models accumulated annual sales volume
            of 828,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.23%. Among them, Camry sold
            more than 210,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.08%, with its retail sales
            ranking first in the vehicle segment of mid-to-high end; the sales volume of Highlander and
            Wildlander both achieved substantial growth and ranked at the forefront of the segment;
            the first MPV model, Sienna entered the price range of over RMB400,000 for luxury brands.
            The cumulative annual production and sales volume of GAC Honda exceeded 780,000 units.
            It launched a variety of new or facelifted models such as the facelifted Accord, Integra,
            facelifted Crider, facelifted Odyssey, Breeze Sport Hybrid e+, etc. The sales volume of Accord,
            Fit, Vezel, Breeze, Odyssey and other models continued to be at the forefront of the market
            segment. In the annual J.D. Power selection, GAC Honda’s SSI (Sales Satisfaction Index),
            CSI (Customer Service Index), IQS (Initial Quality Study) and DAS (Dealer Attitude Study)
            ranked first among mainstream car brands. For the year, GAC FCA launched a facelifted
            Grand Commander to promote the “One Jeep” strategy and promote brand revitalisation.
26
                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                      Annual Report 2021




               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    Sienna                        Facelifted
                                    Camry




     Integra                      Facelifted
                                   Accord




Facelifted Grand                  AIRTREK
  Commander                                                                27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



            GAC Mitsubishi’s new pure electric SUV
            AIRTREK officially commenced pre-sale at
            the 2021 Guangzhou Automobile Exhibition.
            Wuyang-Honda promoted the transformation
            of product structure by taking the launch
            of medium-displacement models as an
            opportunity, and its annual sales volume
            increased by 3.89% year-on-year.



       5.   Independent research and
            development achieved                                     GAC’s first hydrogen fuel
            breakthroughs                                           cell vehicle had officially
            In the field of energy preservation and            started demonstration operation
            new energy, the Group released the hybrid
            technology platform “Green Engine Technology” to comprehensively promote the application
            of dual-motor hybrid system. The second-generation GS8 hybrid version is equipped with
            the self-developed engine 2.0TM + Toyota’s new fourth-generation large-capacity THS hybrid
            system for the first time. The independent and controllable core technologies of “Three
            Electric” were promoted. Among them, self-developed sponge silicone anode battery has the
            energy density and low-temperature characteristics leading the industry, which had been
            equipped on the AION LX Plus model for launch, becoming the first model with mileage
            of more than 1,000 kilometers announced by the Ministry of Industry and Information
            Technology; the ultra-fast battery technology had been equipped on AION V Plus for mass
            production application; the magazine battery system safety technologies passing the lithium
            iron phosphate battery pack needling test without fire generation had been installed on
            AION Y and other models; GAC’s first hydrogen fuel cell vehicle based on proprietary fuel cell
            system had officially started demonstration operation.


            In the field of intelligent network connection, investment in research and development
            continued to increase to steadily promote the research and development of various cutting-
            edge intelligent network connection technologies, and achieved periodical progress in the
            aspects of vehicle-cloud integrated electronic and electrical architecture, intelligent driving,
            and ADiGO (Intelligent Driving Interconnection) ecosystem. Among them, AR HUD had been
            installed in the second-generation GS8 and other models; Beyond Visual Range parking
            summoning had been installed on new models such as AION V Plus.


            In the field of digitalisation, we took the launch of new models such as the EMPOW as an
            opportunity to explore digital marketing innovation, broke through the traditional marketing
            service chain, and formed a new “customer-centric” marketing service model by establishing
            direct connections between OEMs and customers. “Digital Innovation of GAC’s Marketing
            Model” was the only auto enterprise winning the Annual Marketing Transformation Model
            Award in the “2021 Dingge Award for Chinese Digital Transformation Pioneer” selection.
28
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2021




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



6.   Various business segments advanced side by side
     In the field of parts and components, the investment layout strengthened around the three
     major directions of chips, intelligent network connection and new energy. GAC Component
     and Zhuzhou CRRC Times Semiconductor Co., Ltd. jointly established a joint venture to
     promote independent technology research and development and industrial application in
     the field of IGBT (insulated-gate bipolar transistor); GAC Capital completed the investment
     in Horizon, Yuexin Semiconductor, ChangXin Memory Technologies and other companies to
     supplement and strengthen the supply chain.


     In the field of business trade services, GAC Business actively promoted the construction of
     the outlet network, and completed the construction of 10 outlets in 2021. By strengthening
     the construction of digital marketing and building up a digital marketing platform, digital
     transformation from the management serving store to operation energising store was
     realised.


     In the field of financial services, GAC-SOFINCO carried out in-depth cooperation with the
     Group’s OEMs to create an exclusive cooperation model to provide financial service support
     to dealers and customers. Urtrust Insurance developed the “Worry-Free Car Use” service pack
     to provide customers with “one-stop” experience. GAC Finance innovatively developed the
     characteristic credit product “Production and Sales Loan”, and expanded the business of
     inventory financing and remittance loans, which supported the Group’s automobile sales.


     In the field of mobility transportation services, ON TIME entered the markets in Zhuhai,
     Shenzhen and Dongguan, basically forming a travel network covering the Greater Bay
     Area, and key operational indicators continued to improve. In the monthly national online
     car-hailing operation data released by the Ministry of Transport in 2021, ON TIME’s order
     compliance rate ranked first in the industry for 5 times.



7.   Deepening reform gained fruitful results
     Positive progress was made in the solid promotion of the three-year action for the reform of
     state-owned enterprises and improvement campaign that benchmarked against world-class
     management, major and difficult reforms such as tenure-based contractual management,
     professional manager reform, and the system reform in three aspects, namely labour,
     personnel and distribution. The Group’s three-year action for state-owned enterprise reform
     had been substantially completed, which fully manifested benchmark role as a “Double-
     Hundred Enterprise”. The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
     the State Council granted the highest Class A rating to the Group in the special evaluation of
     the three system reforms over “Double Hundred Enterprises”. At the same time, the Group’s
     digital transformation project (Plan G) was the only benchmark project in Guangdong
     being selected into establishment action of management benchmark for key state-owned
     enterprises by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the
     State Council, by virtue of which the Group was recognised as a benchmark enterprise for
     this action.
                                                                                                            29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



              Standardised operations continuously improved compliance and governance. The
              achievements in the construction of the compliance and management system were
              consolidated and improved by further promoting the compliance and management relating
              to the “one enterprise, one policy” work, strengthening special inspection and supervision in
              key areas, innovatively carrying out compliance “fire drills”, and establishing a compliance
              assessment mechanism. The Group advanced audit management reform in an orderly
              manner, expanded the breadth and depth of economic responsibility audit and special audit
              supervision, steadily pushed forward various audit rectifications, established a reporting
              mechanism for major business risk events, and enhanced digital risk management and
              control.



     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS BY THE BOARD ON OPERATION
          OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
        During the reporting period, the Group realised sales revenue of approximately RMB429.755 billion
        on an aggregate basis, representing an increase of approximately 8.66% as compared with that of
        the corresponding period last year.


        During the reporting period, the sales revenue of the Group amounted to approximately
        RMB75.676 billion, representing an increase of approximately 19.82% as compared with that of
        the corresponding period last year. The net profit attributable to owners of the parent company
        amounted to approximately RMB7.511 billion, representing an increase of approximately 25.94% as
        compared with that of the corresponding period last year. The basic earnings per share amounted
        to approximately RMB0.73, representing an increase of approximately RMB0.15 as compared with
        that of the corresponding period last year.


        The major factors leading to the variation of results during the reporting period included:


        1.    China’s economy continued to recover steadily. As a whole, the domestic automobile
              market remained stable, despite a series of influential factors comprising the recurrence of
              pandemic in certain areas of the country, the supply shortage of chips, the price increase
              of raw materials, and so on. Under such circumstances, with the “14th Five-Year Plan” as
              development and planning orientation, the Group proactively retrieved its loss and strived to
              push forward high-quality development. The annual sales volume of automobile increased by
              4.92% year-on-year. The Group consistently persisted in positive research and development,
              independent innovation, accelerated the introduction of new products, and continuously
              enhanced the product power. During the reporting period, AION AION Y, Trumpchi EMPOW,
              AION AION S Plus and Trumpchi GS4 PLUS, and other new, facelifted and annual vehicle
              models were launched, further enriching the star product portfolio of self-developed brands.
              Among which, the self-developed new energy vehicles continued to record impressive sales,
              with annual sales volume exceeding 120,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of
              101.80%.

30
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2021




                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



2.    Joint ventures launched new products and technologies which continuously enhanced
      overall competitiveness. Among which, GAC Toyota continued its upward progress, while the
      main vehicle models were undersupplied. Facelifted Camry, Levin GT, new Fourth-Generation
      Highlander (including HEV) and Sienna were newly launched. TNGA vehicle models were
      continuously enriched, and the structural proportion of new energy and energy-saving
      products continued to increase. GAC Honda’s products remained hot sellers, and Breeze 2021
      Version, EA6 pure electric vehicle, and Integra, etc. were launched successively. Continuous
      optimisation of product portfolio steadily improved our competitiveness.

3.    Ancillary businesses in the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain such as
      financial services, vehicle components and commercial services were deeply promoted by
      closely revolving around the Group’s strategy, and the synergistic effect among business
      segments continued to emerge which facilitated the development of principal businesses.
      Among which, the continuous deepening of cooperation between financial enterprises as
      well as the business expansion and innovation strongly supported the Group’s automobile
      sales; “ON TIME” (如祺出行) continuously enriched its product business, improved the quality
      of services and extended the scope of services, and its market share steadily increased during
      the reporting period. Its operation business expanded to Zhuhai, Shenzhen and Dongguan
      successively. Both the number of users and annual orders exceeded twice that of 2020.

As at 31 December 2021, calculated based on the proportion of shareholdings of the Group in
the joint ventures, the total liabilities and total revenues of jointly controlled entities amounted
to RMB73.075 billion and RMB135.535 billion respectively, which will be used in the calculation of
waivers granted by the Stock Exchange to the Company in respect of asset and revenue ratios.



(I)    Analysis of Principal Business
                    Analysis of changes of items in the consolidated statement of
                           comprehensive income and the cash flow statement

                                                                   Unit: 100 million      Currency: RMB

                                                                       Corresponding
                                                           Current         period last           Change
      Item                                                  period               year                (%)

      Revenue                                                756.76             631.57              19.82
      Costs of sales                                         717.77             608.61              17.94
      Selling and distribution costs                          43.40               36.41             19.20
      Administrative expenses                                  45.56             38.50              18.34
      Finance costs                                             4.25              4.40               -3.41
      Interest income                                           3.16               4.32            -26.85
      Share of profit of joint ventures and associates       114.04               95.71              19.15
      Net cash flow generated from operating activities       -64.91             -36.71            -76.82
      Net cash flow generated from investing activities        72.35            -29.38             346.26
      Net cash flow generated from financing activities         7.77             -11.78            165.96
                                                                                                               31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          1.   Analysis on revenue and cost
               During the reporting period, revenue of the Group amounted to approximately
               RMB75.676 billion, representing an increase of approximately 19.82% as compared
               with the corresponding period last year. This was mainly due to the combined effect of
               stable and improving domestic economy, the continuous positive growth of production
               and sales in the automobile industry despite its growth rate slowed down month by
               month in the second half of the year, and the increasingly enriched vehicle models
               under self-developed brands of the Group with ever-increasing sales volume, especially
               the significant increase in the sales volume of “AION” new energy vehicles.


               During the reporting period, the Group recorded costs of sales of approximately
               RMB71.777 billion, representing an increase of approximately 17.94% as compared
               with the corresponding period last year. Total gross profit amounted to approximately
               RMB3.899 billion, representing an increase of approximately RMB1.603 billion or
               approximately 69.82% as compared with the corresponding period last year. Gross
               profit margin increased by 1.51% as compared with the corresponding period last year,
               which was mainly due to the combined effect of overcoming the impact of the supply
               shortage of automotive chips and the increase in raw material prices, and the year-
               on-year increase in production and sales volume of vehicle models of the Group’s self-
               developed brands, leading to corresponding increase in both costs and economies of
               scale.


                                                   Principal business by industry


                                                                                  Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB


                                                                                        Increase/    Increase/    Increase/
                                                                                        decrease      decrease decrease in
                                                                                       in revenue    in cost of gross profit
                                                                Cost of Gross profit    over last    sales over margin over
               By industry                          Revenue       sales      margin         year      last year    last year
                                                                                 (%)          (%)          (%)           (%)

               Automobile manufacturing industry      491.80     478.67         2.67        29.63         27.03       292.65
               Auto-parts manufacturing industry       31.88      30.27         5.05         6.30          3.98        72.35
               Commercial services                     211.10    198.41         6.01          7.21         6.51         11.50
               Financial services and others           21.98      10.42        52.59        -13.12       -36.46        49.49


               Total                                  756.76     717.77         5.15        19.82         17.94        41.48




32
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2021




                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                Principal business by product


                                                             Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB


                                                                   Increase/    Increase/    Increase/
                                                                   decrease      decrease decrease in
                                                                  in revenue    in cost of gross profit
                                           Cost of Gross profit    over last    sales over margin over
By product                      Revenue      sales      margin         year      last year    last year
                                                            (%)          (%)          (%)           (%)

Passenger vehicles                491.80    478.67         2.67        29.63         27.03       292.65
Vehicles related trades           242.98    228.68         5.89         7.09          6.17        16.40
Financial services and others      21.98     10.42        52.59        -13.12       -36.46        49.49


Total                             756.76    717.77         5.15        19.82         17.94        41.48


                                Principal business by region


                                                             Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB


                                                                   Increase/    Increase/    Increase/
                                                                   decrease      decrease decrease in
                                                                  in revenue    in cost of gross profit
                                           Cost of Gross profit    over last    sales over margin over
By region                       Revenue      sales      margin         year      last year    last year
                                                            (%)          (%)          (%)           (%)

Mainland China                    737.89    702.83         4.75        18.83         17.43        31.22
Overseas                           18.87     14.94        20.83        78.02         47.92        341.31


Total                             756.76    717.77         5.15        19.82         17.94        41.48




                                                                                                           33
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                          Principal business by sales model


                                                                            Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB


                                                                                  Increase/    Increase/     Increase/
                                                                                  decrease      decrease decrease in
                                                                                 in revenue    in cost of gross profit
                                                         Cost of Gross profit     over last    sales over margin over
             By sales model                  Revenue       sales      margin          year      last year    last year
                                                                          (%)           (%)          (%)           (%)

             Distributor sales model           491.80     478.67         2.67         29.63         27.03        292.65
             Others                            264.96     239.10         9.76          5.06          3.15        20.64


             Total                             756.76      717.77         5.15        19.82         17.94         41.48


                                       Analysis of sales and production volume

                                                                                                        Unit: Vehicle

                                                                                Increase/      Increase/
                                                                              decrease in      decrease      Increase/
                                                                              production         in sales decrease in
                                                                                  volume         volume     inventory
                                           Production      Sales                 over last      over last     over last
             Major products                   volume     volume     Inventory        year            year         year
                                                                                       (%)            (%)           (%)

             Sedans                            122,334    121,399        2,915        117.44       116.58         54.72
             SUV                               201,228   208,402         5,871         -7.45         -7.16       -51.44
             MPV                               121,065    114,555       8,709         67.60        55.89        298.76


             Illustration on production and sales volume: mainly the production and sales data of
             GAMC and GAC AION within the scope of consolidation.




34
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                    Sales to major customers

                                                          Unit: 100 million     Currency: RMB

                                                                                      Ratio to
     Customers                                                 Revenue                revenue
                                                                                           (%)

     Total sales to top 5 clients                                   24.79                   3.30


                                        Major Suppliers

                                                          Unit: 100 million     Currency: RMB

                                                            Amount of          Ratio to total
     Suppliers                                            procurement          procurement
                                                                                          (%)

     Total procurement from the top 5 suppliers                    108.78                  15.73


     Amount of procurement fees paid to the largest supplier of the Group accounted for
     6.84% of the total amount of procurement fees of the Group for the year.

     During the year, to the directors’ knowledge, no directors, supervisors or their close
     associates or shareholders holding more than 5% of the Company’s share capital has
     any interest in the top 5 suppliers.

2.   Expenses
     (1)  The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB699 million in selling and
          distribution costs was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the increase
          in advertising and promotion expenditures, and corresponding increase in
          aftersales service charge with the increase of sales volume during the reporting
          period.

     (2)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB706 million in administrative
           expenses was mainly attributable to the combined effect of amortisation of
           equity incentive expenses during the reporting period.

     (3)   The year-on-year decrease of approximately RMB15 million in finance costs was
           mainly attributable to the combined effect of the changes in borrowing structure
           which led to a decrease in interest expenses during the reporting period as
           compared with the corresponding period last year.

     (4)   The year-on-year decrease of approximately RMB116 million in interest income
           was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the impact of decrease in cash
           deposits which led to a decrease in interest income during the reporting period
           as compared with the corresponding period last year.

                                                                                                      35
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          3.   Research and development expenditures
               (1)  Table of research and development expenditures
                                                                  Unit: 100 million     Currency: RMB

                     Expensed research and development expenses for the period                    8.27
                     Capitalised research and development expenses for the period                42.81
                     Total research and development expenditures                                 51.08
                     Percentage of total research and development expenditures
                       over total revenue (%)                                                     6.75
                     Number of research and development staff                                    5,529
                     Number of research and development staff over total number
                       of staff (%)                                                               17.31
                     Percentage of capitalised research and development
                       expenditures (%)                                                          83.81

               (2)   During the reporting period, expenditures in research and development
                     amounted to approximately RMB5.108 billion, representing a year-on-year
                     increase of RMB66 million, which was mainly attributable to the continuous
                     enhancement of independent research and development and innovation
                     capacity to improve the quality system, along with the simultaneous propulsion
                     of the development projects of traditional energy vehicle models and new energy
                     vehicle models and research and development of core parts and components
                     during the reporting period.

          4.   Share of profit of joint ventures and associated companies
               During the reporting period, the Group’s share of profit of joint ventures and associated
               companies amounted to approximately RMB11.404 billion, representing a year-on-
               year increase of approximately RMB1.833 billion, which was mainly attributable to the
               combined effect of the increase in profit of Japanese series joint ventures.

          5.   Cash flows
               (1)  During the reporting period, net cash outflow generated from operating
                    activities amounted to approximately RMB6.491 billion, representing an increase
                    in net outflow of approximately RMB2.820 billion as compared with the net cash
                    outflow of approximately RMB3.671 billion in the corresponding period last year,
                    which was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the decrease in net
                    deposit of non-consolidated companies in GAC Finance as compared with the
                    corresponding period last year and the increase in the expenditures on purchase
                    of commodities for finance lease business during the reporting period;

               (2)   During the reporting period, net cash inflow generated from investing activities
                     amounted to approximately RMB7.235 billion, representing a decrease of net
                     outflow of approximately RMB10.173 billion as compared with net cash outflow
                     of approximately RMB2.938 billion in the corresponding period last year, which
                     was mainly due to the combined effect of the increase in profits distribution
                     from investment enterprises and recovery of financial assets invested by financial
                     enterprises as compared with the corresponding period last year during the
                     reporting period;
36
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2021




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



           (3)   During the reporting period, net cash inflow generated from financing activities
                 amounted to approximately RMB777 million, representing an increase of net
                 inflow of approximately RMB1.955 billion as compared with the net cash outflow
                 of approximately RMB1.178 billion in the corresponding period last year, which
                 was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the increase in borrowings and
                 securitisation financing used for finance lease business as compared with the
                 corresponding period last year during the reporting period;

           (4)   As at 31 December 2021, cash and cash equivalent of the Group amounted to
                 approximately RMB17.235 billion, representing an increase of approximately
                 RMB1.444 billion as compared with approximately RMB15.791 billion as at 31
                 December 2020.

    6.     Others
           Income tax amounted to approximately RMB-154 million, representing a year-on-year
           increase of approximately RMB202 million, which was mainly attributable to changes
           in profit of certain enterprises during the reporting period.

    To sum up, the Group’s net profit attributable to owners of the parent company for the
    reporting period amounted to approximately RMB7.511 billion, representing a year-on-year
    increase of approximately 25.94%. Basic earnings per share amounted to approximately
    RMB0.73, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately RMB0.15.



(II) Analysis of Assets and Liabilities
    1.     Analysis table of assets and liabilities
                                                                      Unit: 100 million    Currency: RMB

                                                       Balance                Balance at
                                        Balance     at the end   Balance at   the end of
                                     at the end      of current  the end of the previous
                                     of current    period over the previous period over
    Item                                 period    total assets      period total assets           Change
                                                            (%)                      (%)               (%)

    Trade and other receivables –
      current                             251.10         16.28        196.16           13.73           28.01
    Prepayments and long-term
      receivables                         80.09            5.19       50.56            3.54            58.41
    Financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss –
      non-current                         19.46           1.26        43.75            3.06           -55.52
    Borrowings – current                  98.89           6.41        65.04            4.55            52.04
    Contract liabilities                  26.27           1.70        14.93            1.05            75.95



                                                                                                                 37
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



           2.   Analysis on change
                (1)   Trade and other receivables – current: mainly due to the combined effect of the
                      increase in production and sales volume which led to the corresponding increase
                      in trade receivables during the reporting period;


                (2)   Prepayments and long-term receivables: mainly due to the combined effect of the
                      increase of finance leasing business and the increase in non-current loans made
                      during the reporting period;


                (3)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – non-current: mainly due to the
                      combined effect of the decrease in investment in financial products by financial
                      enterprises during the reporting period;


                (4)   Borrowings – current: mainly due to the combined effect of the increased capital
                      demand for business development of certain enterprises during the reporting
                      period;


                (5)   Contract liabilities: mainly due to the combined effect of the increase in
                      production and sales volume and supply shortage of vehicle chips during the
                      reporting period which led to the increase in products not yet delivered.



       (III) Analysis of Financial Position
           1.   Financial indicators
                As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.25 times,
                representing a decrease from approximately 1.33 times as at 31 December 2020, and
                quick ratio was approximately 1.08 times, representing a decrease from approximately
                1.18 times as at 31 December 2020, which were within reasonable range.


           2.   Financial resources and capital structure
                As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately
                RMB61.192 billion, current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB49.133 billion and
                current ratio was approximately 1.25 times.


                As at 31 December 2021, total borrowings amounted to approximately RMB17.415
                billion, mainly consisting of corporate bonds issued by the Group with nominal value
                of RMB3 billion, convertible bonds with closing balance of approximately RMB2.374
                billion, receivables targeted asset-backed notes with closing balance of approximately
                RMB688 million, asset-backed securities with closing balance of approximately RMB950
                million and borrowings from bank and financial institutions with closing balance of
                approximately RMB10.153 billion, etc. The above borrowings and bonds are payable
                upon maturity. The Group generally funds its business and operational capital needs
                with its own operating cash flow.
38
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2021




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



         As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 15.82% (Calculation
         of gearing ratio: (borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)/
         (total equity + borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)).


    3.   Foreign exchange risk
         As the Group mainly conducts its business in the PRC and the sales and procurement
         in the PRC were denominated in RMB, changes in foreign exchange did not have any
         material effect on the Group’s operating results and cash flow during the reporting
         period.


    4.   Contingent liabilities
         As at 31 December 2021, third-party guarantee committed by the Group amounted
         to RMB0, whereas that as at 31 December 2020 was RMB0; as at 31 December 2021,
         financial guarantee given by the Company to its subsidiaries amounted to RMB0, and
         that as at 31 December 2020 was RMB0.



(IV) Analysis of Automobile Manufacturing Industry Operation
    1.   Production capacity
                                       Existing production capacity


                                                                         Production
                                                                            capacity
                                                          Designed        during the
                                                        production         reporting        Production
                                                           capacity            period           capacity
                                                                (ten              (ten        utilisation
                                                          thousand         thousand                   rate
         Names of major factories                             units)            units)                 (%)

         GAC Honda                                                77              78.71             102.22
         GAC Toyota                                               80             82.33             120.08
         GAMC (including GAC AION)                                82             44.76               54.59
         GAC Mitsubishi                                           20                6.11             30.55
         GAC FCA                                                 32.8              1.63               4.97
         GAC Hino                                                   1              0.21              21.00
         GAC BYD                                                  0.5             0.06               12.00
         Total                                                  293.3            213.81              75.86




                                                                                                                39
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



             Note:


             1.         Production capacity during the reporting period refers to the actual production volume
                        during the reporting period.


             2.         GAC Toyota completed production capacity of 200,000 units/year which was put into
                        operation in July 2021, and the production capacity utilisation rate has been converted
                        according to the actual production progress.


                                                    Production capacity in construction


                                                                                           Unit: ’0,000     Currency: RMB


                                                                      Investment
                                                                         amount                      Expected
                                                          Planned     during the         Total commencement          Expected
             Names of the factories in                  investment     reporting    investment         date of     production
             construction                                  amount         period       amount       production        capacity

             Smart ecological plant of GAC AION            409,430        28,350        369,357   February 2022   200,000 units
             GAC Toyota new energy vehicle
                  expansion project (phase II)             634,200        132,007       343,145           2022    200,000 units
             GAC Honda new energy vehicle
                  (120,000 units/year) production
                  capacity expansion                        349,510       25,708        25,708            2024    120,000 units


             Note:


             1.         Phase I of the new energy vehicle production capacity expansion project of GAC’s self-
                        developed brand for passenger vehicles (100,000 units) was completed and put into
                        operation in 2019, and phase II (100,000 units) was completed in February 2022.


             2.         Phase I of GAC Toyota new energy vehicle expansion project was officially completed in July
                        2021, and phase II is scheduled to be completed in 2022.


             Production capacity calculation standards


             Calculated based on standard production capacity and two production shifts.




40
                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2021




                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



2.   Sales and production volume of whole vehicles


                                                    By vehicle models


                                        Sales volume (units)                            Production volume (units)
                                                                                                                     Changes
                                                              Changes in                                               in total
                                                               total sales                                        production
                                                                   volume                                              volume
                                                                compared                                            compared
                                                                 with the                                            with the
                                                           corresponding                                       corresponding
                          Total number      Total number       period last    Total number      Total number       period last
     Vehicle types         for the year      for last year        year (%)     for the year      for last year        year (%)

     Passenger vehicle          2,141,675        2,040,313           4.97          2,135,377          2,031,206             5.13
        Sedans                  1,012,823          979,099           3.44          1,007,616            976,355            3.20
        MPV                       160,712           115,751         38.84             166,519           114,945           44.87
        SUV                      968,140           945,463           2.40            961,242           939,906             2.27
     Commercial vehicle             2,712            3,443          -21.23              2,750             3,628          -24.20
     Total vehicles            2,144,387         2,043,756           4.92           2,138,127        2,034,834             5.08


                                                          By regions


                                       Domestic sales (units)                              Overseas sales (units)
                                                              Changes in                                          Changes in
                                                               total sales                                         total sales
                                                                   volume                                              volume
                                                                compared                                            compared
                                                                 with the                                            with the
                                                           corresponding                                       corresponding
                          Total number      Total number       period last    Total number      Total number       period last
     Vehicle types         for the year      for last year        year (%)     for the year      for last year        year (%)

     Passenger vehicle        2,120,992         2,023,964             4.79           20,683             16,349            26.51
        Sedans                1,003,099           973,742              3.01           9,724              5,357            81.52
        MPV                      160,101           115,318           38.83               611               433             41.11
        SUV                     957,792           934,904             2.45           10,348             10,559            -2.00
     Commercial vehicle            2,712            3,443            -21.23                –                 –                 –
     Total vehicles           2,123,704         2,027,407             4.75           20,683             16,349            26.51


     Note: The above sales and production data includes that of the joint ventures and associated
            companies.


                                                                                                                                   41
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          3.   New energy vehicle business


                                       Production capacity of new energy vehicles


                                                                                          Production
                                                                     Designed capacity during                          Production
                                                                    production         the reporting                     capacity
                                                                      capacity                   period       utilisation rate
               Name of major factory                                    (units)                  (units)                        (%)

               Smart ecological plant (phase I)
                 of GAC AION                                           100,000                   121,400                     121.40


               Note: Production capacity during the reporting period refers to the actual production volume
                       during the reporting period.


                                   Sales and production volume of new energy vehicles


                                               Sales volume (units)                           Production volume (units)
                                                                                                                            Changes
                                                                      Changes in                                             in total
                                                                       total sales                                        production
                                                                          volume                                             volume
                                                                       compared                                           compared
                                                                         with the                                           with the
                                                                    corresponding                                      corresponding
                                   Total number    Total number        period last   Total number     Total number        period last
               Vehicle types        for the year    for last year        year (%)     for the year     for last year        year (%)

               Passenger vehicle         120,690           60,915            98.13          121,811           61,052            99.52


                                      Income and subsidies for new energy vehicles


                                                                                              Unit: ’0,000       Currency: RMB


                                                                                         Subsidy for                     Ratio of
                                                                                         new energy                       subsidy
               Vehicle types                                           Income                   vehicle                         (%)

               Passenger vehicles                                     1,732,804                  175,693                      10.14




42
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2021




                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



IV. MATERIAL INVESTMENT
   During the reporting period, the Group did not hold any material investment.



V. MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES,
   ASSOCIATED COMPANIES AND JOINT VENTURES
   During the reporting period, the Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposal of
   subsidiaries, associated companies or joint ventures.



VI. MATERIAL DISPOSAL OF ASSETS AND EQUITY INTEREST
   Nil.



VII. ANALYSIS OF MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES
   GAC Honda, GAC Toyota, GAMC and GAC AION are the key joint ventures and subsidiaries of the
   Group. During the reporting period, they made every effort to overcome the impact and challenges
   of chip shortages, rising raw material prices, and resurgence of pandemic, and achieved steady
   growth in production and sales volume throughout the year; meanwhile, through measures
   such as product structure adjustment and strengthening of cost control, steady improvement in
   operating efficiency was achieved.


   The production and sales volume of GAC Honda were 787,109 units and 780,266 units respectively,
   representing year-on-year decreases of 2.29% and 3.17% respectively; operating income was
   RMB114,810.25 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 3.05%;


   The production and sales volume of GAC Toyota were 823,296 units and 828,000 units respectively,
   representing year-on-year increases of 7.62% and 8.23% respectively; operating income was
   RMB129,464.53 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 16.89%;


   The production and sales volume of GAMC were 323,245 units and 324,201 units respectively,
   representing year-on-year increases of 13.30% and 10.35% respectively; operating income was
   RMB52,885.12 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 26.02%.


   The production and sales volume of GAC AION were 121,382 units and 120,155 units respectively,
   representing year-on-year increases of 102.51% and 101.80% respectively; operating income was
   RMB17,265.22 million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 84.27%.




                                                                                                               43
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     VIII. S T R U C T U R E D E N T I T I E S U N D E R T H E C O N T R O L O F T H E
           COMPANY
         Nil.



     IX. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON THE COMPANY’S FUTURE
         DEVELOPMENT

         (I)    Industry Layout and Trend
                In 2021, the automotive industry overcame unfavourable factors such as the resurgence of
                the pandemic, chip shortage, continuously rising raw material prices and power restrictions,
                and showed a stable but increasing development trend in the annual automotive production
                and sales, demonstrating strong development resilience and momentum. In terms of full-year
                developments, vehicle production and sales showed a year-on-year growth in 2021, ending
                the three consecutive years of decline since 2018. New energy vehicles were shifting from
                policy-driven to policy and market driven prospects.


                Looking ahead to 2022, the implementation of China’s strategy to expand domestic demand
                will play a good role in supporting the stability of automobile consumption. However, the
                global economic recovery and the COVID-19 outbreak are still unstable and uncertain, and
                supply chain risks such as chip supply shortages and rising raw material prices still exist, and
                the automotive industry will face certain challenges. According to the China Association of
                Automobile Manufacturers, total vehicle sales volume in China are expected to reach 27.5
                million units in 2022, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 5.4%.


                At the same time, the vehicle market presents a new pattern and new changes. Firstly, new
                energy vehicles enters a new stage by shifting from policy-driven to market-driven. With
                the introduction of the national “Dual Carbon” strategy, the advancement of new energy
                technologies, and the continuous enrichment of products, the new energy vehicle market
                has entered a stage of explosive growth. According to data from the China Association of
                Automobile Manufacturers, the domestic new energy vehicle market share increased to
                13.4% in 2021, which was 8% higher than the previous year. Secondly, the proportion of
                joint venture brands and independent brands has changed, benefitting from the combined
                effect of multiple factors such as the overall upward force of independent brands in recent
                years, the evolution of the trend of electrification and intelligentisation, and the iteration
                of consumption concepts of the new generation, the market share of independent brands
                has continued to increase. According to data from the China Association of Automobile
                Manufacturers, the market share of Chinese passenger vehicles brands reached 44.4%
                in 2021, representing an increase of about 6% compared with the previous year. Thirdly,
                product personalisation and differentiation have become the trend, and intelligentisation
                has become the cognitive focus of consumers. Consumers prefer products with individuality
                and differentiated labels, and pay more attention to iterative upgrades of OTA functions and
44
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2021




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    intelligent experience based on scenarios. Vehicles have gradually become a part of personal
    intelligent life from a mere means of transportation.



(II) Corporate Development Strategy
    During the period of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, the Group will adhere to the development
    principle of “internal collaborative innovation and external open cooperation” to implement
    the “1615” development strategy, namely, to achieve one goal, which is to, by the end of “14th
    Five-Year Plan” period, challenge the production and sales volume of vehicles of 3.5 million
    units with new energy vehicles of self-developed brands accounting for 50% of the sales
    volume of the self-developed brands, and to become an advanced mobile mobility service
    provider in the industry; to consolidate six major segments by strengthening the six major
    segments including R&D, manufacture of vehicle, parts and components, commercial services,
    financial services and mobility transportation services; to highlight one key point by fully
    improving independent innovation capabilities to achieve high quality development of the
    Group; and to achieve five major improvements by fully realising the five major improvements
    in electrification, intelligent networking, digitalisation, sharing and internationalisation.


    With the vision for 2035, GAC Group will strive to become a world-class enterprise with
    global competitiveness which is trusted by customers, brings employees happiness and
    is anticipated by the society, and continuously create value for the colourful mobile life of
    mankind.


    To support the implementation of the national “Dual Carbon” target, the GAC Group will
    implement the “GLASS Plan” to achieve full life-cycle carbon neutrality of its products by 2050
    (challenge to achieve the target in 2045).



(III) Operational Plan
    In 2022, the Group will adhere to the general tone of seeking progress while maintaining
    stability, thoroughly apply the new development philosophy, actively construct a new
    development layout, and focus on the vision for 2035 and the “14th Five-Year” development
    plan, so as to build a “growing, effective, quality, autonomous, scientific, efficient and
    responsible GAC” and work hard to achieve the Group’s high-quality development.


    In 2022, the Group will strive for the goal of a 15% year-on-year growth in annual automobile
    sales. Aiming at further improving the product structure and enhancing the overall
    competitiveness, the Group plans to launch more than 10 new and facelifted models, mainly
    including GAC Trumpchi EMKOO, upgraded M8, EMPOW HEV, GAC AION AION LX Plus, AION
    Y Plus, GAC Honda Integra Sport Hybrid, facelifted Breeze, facelifted Vezel, brand new SUV,
    e:NP1 (the first PEV of Honda), GAC Toyota Frontlander, Venza, bZ4X, GAC Mitsubishi AIRTREK,
    upgraded Outlander etc.

                                                                                                               45
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          The major operational measures are as follows:

          (1)   Focus on strategic implementation, fulfill business objectives, and create a growing GAC.
                On the general basis of making progress while ensuring stability, fully explore business
                potential, digest the impact of rising raw material prices, build a safe and controllable
                supply system, and make every effort to achieve the target for the whole year.

          (2)   Focus on customer experience, make innovation on products and services, and create
                a quality GAC. With precise product orientation, aim to create star products; do well
                in customer operation, innovate marketing methods, speed up the construction of a
                new marketing “golden triangle” digital system, create a characteristic service system,
                enhance customer experience, improve customer stickiness and customer satisfaction;
                actively give full play to the advantages of trade and business, deepen the combination
                of industry and finance, expand the service ecological chain, and drive the development
                of the major business.

          (3)   Focus on the quality of development, vigorously reduce losses and turn losses, and
                create an effective GAC. Dedicate to increasing revenue and reducing expenditure,
                strengthen the coordination of resources, speed up reform and innovation, assist
                loss-making enterprises to enhance their core competence, and improve operation
                performance.

          (4)   Focus on the second take-off, promote synergy, and build an autonomous GAC. Self-
                developed brands continue to improve the decision-making and coordination ability of
                the integration of R&D, production and marketing to improve the operation mechanism
                of the overall supervision. Adhere to “smart appearance + high technology + PVA
                leadership + differentiated characteristics”, improve the product matrix, continue to
                deepen the reform of marketing innovation and double-track operation of “direct
                marketing + distribution”, promote the modular architecture design of the platform,
                continuously improve the generalisation rate of platform parts, and focus on key
                markets to steadily promote international business.

          (5)   Focus on the Four Modernisations, speed up integration and innovation, and create a
                technological GAC. Continue to promote the industrialised installment of self-developed
                battery cells, integrated electric drives and integrated controllers, proactively promote
                the construction of the pilot line of self-developed batteries, consolidate the advantages
                of electrification, speed up the making up of the shortcomings of the core technologies
                of intelligent network connection, enhance the independent controllable ability of
                intelligent network connection, use industrial investment to energise technological
                innovation, actively invest in hard-tech enterprises in the fields such as new energy,
                intelligent network connection and chips, accelerate the digital transformation,
                promote the construction of GAC intelligent network big data platform and user
                operation platform; explore the development of sharing, and expand the after-market
                car service ecology of “ON TIME” (如祺出行).



46
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2021




                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    (6)   Focus on reform and empowerment, optimise the system and mechanism, and build
          up an efficient GAC. Carry forward a tenure system and contract-based management
          for managers of enterprises at all levels, speed up the mixed-ownership reform and the
          introduction of strategic investment for GAC AION and other enterprises, and promote
          business process re-engineering and efficiency improvement. Optimise the construction
          of compliance management system, continuously improve the audit management
          system, and strengthen risk management and control.


    (7)   Focus on brand upgrading, be an excellent corporate citizen, and build up a responsible
          GAC. Accelerate its construction of brand culture and the implementation of the
          “14th Five-Year Plan” special brand plan, improve the efficiency of talent teams, and
          speed up the introduction of high-end talents in the “New Four Modernisations” and
          other fields; proactively perform social responsibilities, make all efforts to promote
          the implementation of “Green Low-carbon for Achieving Sustainable Success” through
          coordinating and forming a series of measures on peaking carbon dioxide emissions
          and carbon neutralisation, and solidly carry forward rural revitalisation and industrial
          assistance.



(IV) Possible Risks
    1.    Risk of supply chain
          Due to the uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic worldwide, the global chips
          supply is expected to remain tight. Domestic automobile enterprises are exposed
          to greater supply chain risks since the local replacement process in chips is slow.
          Although the Company has reduced losses caused by shortage in chips supply through
          strengthening cooperation with chips manufacturers and optimising the production
          schedule of vehicle models, if the shortage in supply of chips continue, it will have a
          relatively significant impact on the Company’s production and operation. Meanwhile, if
          geopolitical conflicts in international regions intensify continuously, the suspension of
          the global supply chain might continue to extend, which would have an impact on our
          production and operation.


    2.    Risk of rising raw material cost
          Since 2021, the market price of raw materials has remained stable after rising to a
          high level, without a significant decline. Combined with the rising unit price of energy,
          automobile companies are facing greater cost pressure. Although the Company actively
          takes cost control measures, greater cost pressure caused by prevailing high raw
          materials prices brings uncertainties to the attainment of the Company’s profit targets.




                                                                                                            47
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          3.   Risks of policies
               In order to adapt to increasingly stringent emission standards and meet the
               requirements of the “Dual Credit” policy, every automobile manufacturing enterprise
               must make reasonable adjustments to their product development initiatives and
               product portfolios. Under the adverse impact such as the further decrease in new
               energy vehicle subsidies, new energy vehicle enterprises shall further control costs while
               continuing to enhance product competitiveness and reduce dependence on subsidy
               policies, thereby facing greater operating pressure.


          4.   Risk of pandemic resurgence
               The continuous recurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic may block the flow of people and
               logistics, and will have certain impacts on the operation of the macro economy and the
               consumption capacity of residents, which in turn will have an impact on the production
               and sales of automobile enterprises.




48
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2021



 Chapter 4

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
I.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Group was in strict compliance with relevant corporate governance requirements under the
     Company Law, the Securities Law, the Code of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies, the
     SSE Listing Rules, the Listing Rules and its Appendix 14, the Corporate Governance Code. The
     Group constantly optimised the structure of corporate governance, regulated operation of the
     general meeting, the Board and the Supervisory Committee in an orderly manner, and disclosed
     information in compliance with laws and regulations so as to establish a modern corporate
     governance system with sound scientific norms, effective checks and balances, and efficient
     operation. During the year, the Group has completed the election of the sixth session of the Board
     and the Supervisory Committee in accordance with the provisions on the term of office of directors
     and supervisors for three years under the Articles of Association; a total of 22 Board meetings and
     12 meetings of special committees of the Board were held during the year; in addition, in order to
     constantly improve governance, the Company has reviewed and revised the internal management
     system from time to time, formulated 12 systems such as Administrative Measures on Authority
     Delegation, and revised 36 systems such as Administrative Measures on Investment during the
     year, which further optimised the governance structure and improved its governance.


     There was no deviation by the Company’s corporate governance from the requirements as specified
     in the existing laws and regulations, and the listing rules of the SSE and the Stock Exchange during
     the year. The Company was committed to continuous improvements on corporate governance, and
     firmly believed that good governance was crucial for long stability and sustainable development of
     the Company.


     The Company’s structure of corporate governance comprises the general meetings, the Board
     and its special committees, the Supervisory Committee, the management and the employees,
     each of which plays an important role in the corporate governance of the Company. The specific
     information is described below:



     (I)   General Meeting
           The general meeting is the authoritative body of the Company and has legal power to
           decide on significant matters of the Company. The Company carries out policies of open
           and honest communication and fair disclosures. The Company can ensure all shareholders,
           especially minority shareholders enjoy equal status and rights. Pursuant to Article 69 of the
           Articles of Association, if shareholders individually and jointly holding not less than 10% of
           the Company’s issued shares with voting rights request in writing to hold an extraordinary
           general meeting, an extraordinary general meeting shall be held within two months after
           receipt of such written request.




                                                                                                                  49
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Pursuant to Article 71 of the Articles of Association, shareholders individually and jointly
          holding over 3% of the shares of the Company are entitled to propose extraordinary
          motions to the Company and submit them in writing to the convener ten days before the
          general meeting. The convener of the general meeting shall issue supplementary notice
          of the general meeting to announce the content of the extraordinary motions within two
          days after receiving the proposed motions. The Company formulates efficient channels
          of communication with shareholders. All shareholders have the right to be informed and
          to participate in significant events of the Company; shareholders may raise enquiries and
          express their view to the Board in writing at any time (Contact address: The office of the
          Board of GAC Group at Room 2202, GAC Center, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New Town,
          Tianhe District, Guangzhou (Postal code: 510623), Telephone: 020-83150319, Fax: 020-83150319,
          Email: ir@gac.com.cn).


          The Company has formulated the Rules of Procedures of the General Meeting, convened and
          held general meetings in strict compliance with regulatory requirements of listed companies
          so as to ensure that shareholders are able to fully exercise their rights. When the Company
          convenes an annual general meeting, written notice shall be given to all shareholders twenty
          business days prior to the convening of the meeting. When convening an extraordinary
          general meeting, written notice shall be given to all shareholders ten business days or
          fifteen days prior to the convening of the meeting, whichever is longer. The notice of general
          meeting containing an agenda, resolutions proposed and a voting form are announced in a
          timely manner and/or sent to all H shareholders whose shares are registered in the register
          of members by post in accordance with the requirements. All shareholders are encouraged
          to attend the general meetings. All registered shareholders on the record date are entitled to
          attend the general meeting. H shareholders who are unable to attend the general meeting
          can appoint their proxies or the chairman of the general meeting as their proxies to attend
          the general meeting on their behalves (the proxy form shall be completed and returned by
          H shareholders to the Company or the Company’s H share registrar). All directors, supervisors
          and members of management of the Company are also requested to try their best to attend
          the general meetings; results of resolutions or poll results of the general meeting shall be
          timely announced in such manner as required by the Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules.
          Lawyer attended each general meeting and issued legal opinion.


          The controlling shareholders and ultimate controller of the Company conscientiously
          fulfilled their obligations in good faith. There was no act that interfered with the decisions
          and operations of the Company directly or indirectly, by passing the general meeting, nor
          was there any damage to the interest of the Company and other shareholders. The related-
          party transactions of the Company were fair and reasonable, the pricing of which has been
          adequately disclosed and no conduct damaging interests of the Company was found.


          During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 annual general meeting and 1
          extraordinary general meeting, the procedures of the meetings were in compliance with the
          requirements of the Company Law and its Articles of Association.
50
                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2021




                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(II) Directors and the Board
    1.   Directors and Composition of the Board
         Directors of the Company are elected or rotated at the general meeting. The sixth
         session of the Board consists of 11 directors, including 2 executive directors, namely
         Zeng Qinghong (Chairman), Feng Xingya (General Manager); 5 non-executive directors,
         namely Chen Xiaomu, Chen Maoshan, Ding Hongxiang, Chen Jun (resigned on 8
         October 2021), Han Ying (resigned on 8 October 2021), Guan Dayuan (appointed on 8
         October 2021), Liu Zhijun (appointed on 8 October 2021); and 4 independent directors,
         namely Zhao Fuquan, Xiao Shengfang, Wong Hakkun and Song Tiebo. Independent
         directors account for over one-third of the total number of members of the Board;
         independent directors from different areas and countries have diverse professional
         backgrounds such as automobile industry, legal compliance, audit finance and
         strategic management respectively, whereas certain independent directors have
         work experience as senior management in well-established enterprises of various
         countries and areas, achieving the Board diversity of the Company in age, professional
         knowledge, work experience and region. In the future, the Company will further
         promote the diversity construction of the Board in more aspects such as gender.


         All directors have attended the meetings with an earnest and responsible attitude all
         the time. They are familiar with the relevant laws and regulations and understand their
         rights, responsibilities and obligations as a director. The directors believed that, the
         Company has sufficient resources to continue its business in the foreseeable future and
         there are no material uncertainties which may adversely affect the Company’s ability to
         operate as a going concern.


         During the reporting period, the Company convened 22 Board meetings. The
         convening, holding and resolution procedures of the Board meetings have complied
         with the Company Law, the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the
         Board.


    2.   Powers of the Board
         The Board is accountable to the general meeting and exercises the following powers:


         (1)   To convene general meetings and report its work at the general meetings;


         (2)   To implement the resolutions of the general meetings;


         (3)   To decide on the business plans and investment plans of the Company;


         (4)   To formulate the mid-term and long-term development plans of the Company;


         (5)   To formulate annual financial budgets and financial accounts of the Company;

                                                                                                          51
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



            (6)    To formulate the profit distribution plans and plans on making up losses of the
                   Company;


            (7)    To formulate proposals for increase or reduction of the registered capital of the
                   Company and issue and listing of bonds or other securities of the Company;


            (8)    To formulate plans for major acquisitions, purchase of shares of the Company
                   or plans for merger, division, dissolution or alteration of corporate form of the
                   Company;


            (9)    To determine external investments, purchases and sales of assets, pledge of
                   assets, external guarantees, loans, entrusted asset management, disposal of
                   assets and connected transactions of the Company, save for the matters that are
                   required to be resolved at the general meeting pursuant to the law, regulations,
                   the Articles of Association and other regulatory documents;


            (10)   To determine the establishment of the Company’s internal management
                   structure and manpower deployment;


            (11)   To appoint or remove the general manager and the secretary to the Board based
                   on the nomination by the chairman of the Board; to appoint or remove the
                   deputy general manager, chief financial officer and other senior management
                   of the Company based on the nomination by the general manager and to
                   determine their remunerations and rewards and penalties;


            (12)   To formulate the basic management system of the Company;


            (13)   To formulate proposals for amendment to the Articles of Association;


            (14)   To formulate the information disclosure system of the Company and to manage
                   information disclosure of the Company;


            (15)   To propose the appointment or removal of the Company’s auditors at the general
                   meeting;


            (16)   To receive the work report and inspect the work of the general manager of the
                   Company;


            (17)   To formulate share incentive schemes;




52
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     (18)   To review and resolve other matters required to be decided by the Board
            pursuant to the laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules, the
            requirements of the place where the Company’s shares are listed and the Articles
            of Association.


     The exercise of power by the Board on the aforesaid matters or any transactions or
     arrangements of the Company shall be proposed for consideration and approval at the
     general meeting should the listing rules of the place where the shares of the Company
     are listed so require.


3.   Responsibilities of Directors
     The directors acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of annual financial
     statements and true and fair presentation of the Company’s business results and
     financial conditions. The Board, which is responsible for overseeing the preparation of
     annual financial statements, receives the Company’s monthly management accounts
     in respect of operation and updates on the Group’s performance, financial position
     and prospects. In preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
     2021, the Board adopted appropriate accounting policies consistently, made prudent
     and reasonable judgements and estimates, and ensured that the financial statements
     were prepared on a going concern basis and show a true and fair view of the financial
     position of the Company and of the Group as at 31 December 2021 and of the financial
     performance and cash flows for the year.


4.   Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board of the Company has adopted the terms of reference for directors to perform
     its corporate governance functions, which include the formulation and review of the
     Company’s corporate governance policy and practices and submission of proposals to
     the Board; review and oversee the training and continuous professional development
     of the directors and senior management; review and oversee the Company’s policy and
     practices on compliance with law and regulations; formulate, review and oversee the
     Code of Conduct and Compliance Manual for employees and directors, and review the
     Company’s observance of the Corporate Governance Code and disclosures made in
     Chapter 4 – “Corporate Governance” of this report.


     For the year 2021, the Board has performed the above corporate governance functions.




                                                                                                      53
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          5.   Professional Training
               During the reporting period, the directors of the Company actively participated
               in the relevant trainings of corporate governance, directors’ duties and operation
               management. The secretary to the Board and company secretary, Ms. Sui Li and
               joint company secretary, Mr. Leung Chong Shun have complied with the professional
               training requirement under rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules. All directors have also
               provided their relevant training records during the reporting period. Details regarding
               the training of directors during the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                                                                         Chen Jun      Han Ying
                                                                                                                                      (Resigned on (Resigned on
                                  Zeng     Feng      Zhao      Xiao    Wong    Song     Chen       Chen      Ding    Guan       Liu     8 October     8 October
               Directors       Qinghong   Xingya   Fuquan Shengfang   Hakkun   Tiebo   Xiaomu   Maoshan Hongxiang   Dayuan   Zhijun          2021)        2021)

               Training
               participated        ABC      ABC       BC        BC       BC      BC       BC        BC        BC      ABC       BC             BC           BC



               Notes:
               A:             Trainings on corporate governance of listed companies, directors’ duties and the relevant
                              trainings organised by stock exchange or securities regulatory authorities;
               B:             Special training, seminars and conferences on aspects of economics, finance and corporate
                              management;
               C:             Reading materials related to corporate governance, directors’ duties and regulations of
                              internal risk management; and attending seminars, forums and conferences, etc.


               All directors of the Company may timely access the relevant laws, regulations and
               other information relating to their continuing obligations through the secretary to the
               Board, the company secretary and the office of the Board. The Company ensures that
               all directors keep abreast of business development of the Company, the competitive
               and regulatory environment, as well as the development trend of the industry through
               provision of materials, conferences and seminars, which help directors understand
               their responsibilities and make right decisions and conduct effective supervision.
               The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct for securities
               transactions by directors. There is no financial, business, family or other material or
               related relationship existing among the directors.


               After making specific enquiries with all directors, all directors have confirmed that they
               have fully complied with the rules as required by the Model Code throughout the year
               of 2021.




54
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



6.   Independence of Directors
     The Company’s independent directors have knowledge of the rights and obligations of
     the directors and independent directors of listed companies. In accordance with Rule
     3.13 of the Listing Rules on the Stock Exchange, the Company has received the annual
     confirmation of independence from each of the independent directors. The Company
     considers that they are independent.


     During the reporting period, the independent directors have discharged their duties
     with good faith, integrity and diligence according to the requirements of relevant
     laws and regulations. The independent directors participated in the discussion and
     decision-making of material issues of the Board and the special committees of the
     Board and gave their views on the compliance and operation of the Company based
     on their industry expertise and experience. They have duly reviewed and expressed
     their independent views on the equality and fairness of related party transactions. They
     have performed their duties independently and are independent from the controlling
     shareholders or other units and individuals who have interests in the Company.


     The Company has reported to the independent directors the production and operation
     situation of the Company and the progress of significant events, submitted the
     annual reports and audit work schedule in compliance with the relevant requirements
     of the CSRC and the SSE concerning annual reports. Independent directors have
     communicated with the Company’s auditors in respect of the related issues of the
     audit process.


     During the reporting period, the independent directors did not hold dissenting views
     regarding resolutions of the Board and other resolutions not considered by the Board.


     Except for regular Board meetings, the Chairman has met with the independent
     directors without the presence of other directors during the year ended 31 December
     2021.


7.   Special Committees of the Board
     The Board has set up Strategy Committee, Audit Committee, Remuneration and
     Assessment Committee and Nomination Committee. Compositions of each of the
     committees of the Board are as follows:


     (1)     Strategy Committee comprises 6 directors, namely Zeng Qinghong, Feng Xingya,
             Zhao Fuquan, Song Tiebo, Guan Dayuan and Ding Hongxiang, among whom,
             Zhao Fuquan and Song Tiebo are independent directors and Zeng Qinghong
             is the chairman of the committee. The committee is mainly responsible
             for conducting research and making recommendations on the long-term
             development strategy and major investment decision of the Company. No
             Strategy Committee meeting was held during the reporting period.
                                                                                                      55
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



               (2)   Audit Committee comprises 3 independent directors, namely Wong Hakkun,
                     Xiao Shengfang and Song Tiebo, among whom Wong Hakkun is the chairman of
                     the committee. Their primary duties are to supervise and review the annual audit
                     work and internal audit system of the Company, the financial information and
                     disclosure of the Company, and compliance supervision. During the reporting
                     period, 5 meetings of the Audit Committee were held and all members attended
                     the meetings. The Audit Committee mainly reviewed the regular reports and
                     results, profit distribution and appointment of auditing institution and also timely
                     reviewed the internal control system at the meetings.


               (3)   Remuneration and Assessment Committee comprises 3 directors, namely Xiao
                     Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang, among whom, Xiao Shengfang
                     and Song Tiebo are independent directors and Xiao Shengfang is the chairman
                     of the committee. Their primary duties are to formulate the assessment criteria
                     and appraise the directors and senior management of the Company, formulate
                     and review the remuneration policies and proposals of directors and senior
                     management of the Company. During the year, 5 meetings of the Remuneration
                     and Assessment Committee were held in total and all members attended
                     the meetings. The Remuneration and Assessment Committee reviewed the
                     remuneration and appraisal proposal of senior management for the year 2020
                     and the appraisal plan relating to the share option incentive schemes of the
                     Company, and recommendations were provided to the Board.


               (4)   Nomination Committee comprises 3 directors, namely Xiao Shengfang, Song
                     Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang, among whom, Xiao Shengfang and Song Tiebo are
                     independent directors and Xiao Shengfang is the chairman of the committee.
                     Their duties are to make recommendations regarding the candidates of
                     senior management, the selection standards and procedures as well as being
                     responsible for reviewing the principle of diversified selection in nomination
                     of directors, assisting and maintaining the diversified visions and various
                     educational backgrounds and professional knowledge. During the year, 2
                     meetings of the Nomination Committee were held in total and all members
                     attended the meetings, at which the matters with respect to the new session
                     of the Board and the appointment and dismissal of senior management were
                     considered and reviewed and recommendations were provided.


          8.   Board Diversity Policy
               According to the Board diversity policy of the Company (the “Diversity Policy”), when
               determining the composition of the Board, the Company will consider board diversity
               in terms of, among other things, age, gender, educational background, ethnicity,
               professional experience, skills, knowledge and term of service. All Board appointments
               will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective
               criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Nomination
56
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     Committee of the Company will disclose the composition of the Board annually
     in the annual report and monitor the implementation of the Diversity Policy. The
     Nomination Committee will review the Diversity Policy, when appropriate, to ensure
     the effectiveness of the Diversity Policy, and will recommend any such revisions to the
     Board for consideration and approval.


     The sixth session of the Board consists of 11 directors, among which external directors
     account for nearly two-thirds. 4 independent non-executive directors from different
     areas and countries have diverse professional backgrounds such as automobile
     industry, legal compliance, audit finance and strategic management respectively,
     whereas certain independent directors have work experience as senior management
     in well-established enterprises of various countries and areas, achieving the Board
     diversity of the Company in age, professional knowledge, work backgrounds and
     region. In the future, the Company will further promote the diversity construction of
     the Board in more aspects such as gender.


9.   Nomination Policy
     According to the nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) of the Company, in
     evaluating and selecting candidates for directorship, the Nomination Committee shall:


     (1)   review the structure and composition (including the skills, knowledge and
           experience) of the Board, with reference to the operations, assets scale and
           shareholding structure of the Company, annually and make recommendations
           to the Board on any proposed changes concerning the directors in line with the
           implementation of the Company’s strategy;


     (2)   study the selection criteria and procedures of the directors and senior
           management and to make recommendations to the Board;


     (3)   search extensively for the qualified candidates of the directors and senior
           management;


     (4)   review and make recommendations to the Board on the candidates of the
           directors and senior management;


     (5)   review and make recommendations on the other senior management who
           would be submitted to the Board for appointment;


     (6)   assess the independence of independent directors;


     (7)   give due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board against objective criteria
           with reference to the Diversity Policy when performing the duties set out above;

                                                                                                       57
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



            (8)    review the Diversity Policy where appropriate, review the measurable objectives
                   and the progress of attainment under the Diversity Policy, and to disclose its
                   review in the annual report each year to ensure effective implementation;


            (9)    recommend to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of directors
                   and the succession plan for directors, in particular the chairman and the general
                   manager; and


            (10)   other matters conferred by the Board.


            The selection procedures of the directors and senior management are as follows:


            (1)    the Nomination Committee shall actively communicate with the relevant
                   departments of the Company to study the demand of the Company for new
                   directors and senior management and to produce the result in writing;


            (2)    the Nomination Committee may extensively look for candidates of the directors
                   and senior management within the Company and its controlling (investee)
                   enterprises as well as in the labour market;


            (3)    to obtain information about the occupation, education background, job title,
                   detailed information in relation to the work experience and all the part-time
                   positions of the preliminary proposed candidates and to produce the result in
                   writing;


            (4)    to seek the nominees’ approval on the nomination, otherwise he/she shall not be
                   nominated as the candidates of the directors and senior management;


            (5)    to convene meetings of the Nomination Committee and to review the
                   qualification of the preliminary proposed candidates according to the job criteria
                   of the directors and senior management;


            (6)    to recommend and to provide materials about the candidates of the directors
                   and senior management to the Board one to two months prior to the election of
                   new directors and the appointment of new senior management;


            (7)    to conduct other follow up work according to the decisions and feedbacks of the
                   Board.




58
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2021




                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(III) Supervisors and Supervisory Committee
    The Supervisory Committee strictly performed its supervisory function in accordance with the
    requirements of relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association.


    At present, the Supervisory Committee comprises 6 supervisors, namely Chen Tian, Cao
    Xiandong, Huang Cheng, Shi Lei, Wang Lu and Huang Zhuo, among whom Shi Lei, Wang Lu
    and Huang Zhuo are staff representative supervisors.


    Constitution of such committee was in compliance with requirements of laws and
    regulations and the Articles of Association.


    During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee convened 9 meetings, the
    convening, holding and procedures of which are in compliance with relevant requirements
    under the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the Supervisory Committee.
    All supervisors attended the meetings of the Supervisory Committee held this year and
    performed their duties conscientiously.



(IV) The Management
    The appointment, dismissal of and rewards and punishment for the senior management
    of the Company were in strict compliance with the provisions of relevant laws, regulations
    and Articles of Association. The Company has clearly defined the roles and division of work
    between the Board and the management as well as the respective responsibilities of the
    chairman of the Board and the general manager in its Articles of Association, ensuring the
    independence of the Board in decision-making and the independence of the management
    in managing the daily operations. The management of the Company mainly exercise the
    following daily operation rights under the authorisation of the Board:


    (1)   to be responsible for the Company’s production, operation and management, to
          organise resources to carry out the Board’s resolutions, and to report to the Board;


    (2)   to organise the implementation of the Company’s annual business plan and
          investment plan;


    (3)   to draft plans for the establishment of the Company’s internal management structure;


    (4)   to formulate the Company’s basic management system;


    (5)   to formulate the specific rules and regulations of the Company;




                                                                                                            59
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



           (6)     to propose the appointment or dismissal of the Company’s deputy general manager(s)
                   and chief financial officer;


           (7)     to decide on the appointment or dismissal of management personnel and staff other
                   than those required to be appointed or dismissed by the Board;


           (8)     to propose the convening of extraordinary board meeting; and


           (9)     to exercise other powers conferred by the Articles of Association or the Board.


           Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, the remuneration of the
           members of the senior management by band for the year 2021 is set out below:


                                                                                               Number of
           Remuneration bands (RMB)                                                               persons

           1,000,001 to 2,000,000                                                                      8
           2,000,001 to 3,000,000                                                                       1
           Total                                                                                        9




       (V) Company Secretary
           During the reporting period, the company secretaries of the Company are Ms. Sui Li, senior
           management of the Company, and Mr. Leung Chong Shun, a practicing solicitor in Hong
           Kong and external service provider. The primary contact person of the Company is Ms. Sui
           Li of the office of secretary to the Board. The company secretaries have received relevant
           professional training which fulfilled the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.



       (VI) Appointment and Remuneration of External Auditor
           The external auditor appointed by the Company is PricewaterhouseCoopers. The auditor’s
           remuneration is disclosed in the paragraph titled “Appointment or Dismissal of Accountants”
           under Chapter 8 – “Significant Events” of this report.




60
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021




                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



      (VII) Investor Relations
              The Company attaches importance to the effective communication with shareholders and
              investors. It actively promoted investor relations and communication through conferences,
              press conferences, briefings and inspection of the Company.



      (VIII) Amendments to the Articles of Association
              Nil.



II.   GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                  Enquiry index of the
                                                  designated website       Date of disclosure
      Session of                                  for the publication of   of the publication
      the meeting                Date             the resolutions          of the resolutions     Resolutions of meetings

      2020 annual general        14 May 2021      Websites of SSE and      14 May 2021            Resolutions of the annual
       meeting                                     the Stock Exchange                              general meeting of 2020
      2021 first extraordinary   8 October 2021   Websites of SSE and      8 October 2021         Resolutions of the First
       general meeting                             the Stock Exchange                              Extraordinary General
                                                                                                   Meeting of 2021


      Convening of the general meetings of the Company were in strict compliance with the
      requirements of the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the General Meeting.
      The proposal and voting procedures were in compliance with the relevant requirements of laws
      and regulations. General meetings held during this reporting period were all witnessed by lawyers
      who issued legal opinions. The Company disclosed the general meetings’ resolutions in a timely,
      complete and accurate manner after the general meetings.




                                                                                                                                   61
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     III. P R O F I L E S O F D I R E C T O R S , S U P E R V I S O R S A N D S E N I O R
          MANAGEMENT

         (I)   Particulars About Changes in the Shareholding and Remuneration
               of Incumbent and Resigned Directors, Supervisors and Senior
               Management During the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: A share

                                                                                                                                                                                    Total
                                                                                                                                                                            remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                 obtained
                                                                                                                                                                              payable by
                                                                                                                                                Increase/                   the Company Remuneration
                                                                                                                  Number of      Number of decrease in                         during the from related
                                                                                                              shares held at shares held at number of                           reporting parties
                                                                    Commencement Expiry date                the beginning of the end of the shares during Reason for the           period of the
               Name             Position (Note)          Gender Age date of term of term                        the year (Note)       year       the year increase/decrease (RMB0'000) Company

               Zeng Qinghong  Chairman and Party Secretary Male 60     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                 707,000            531,000    -176,000 Share Option Scheme     119.44 No
               Feng Xingya    Director and General ManagerMale 52      8 October 2021   8 October 2024                 1,021,533          766,533    -255,000 Share Option Scheme     316.62 No
               Zhao Fuquan    Independent Director         Male 58     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0           ––                        15.00 No
               Xiao Shengfang Independent Director         Male 52     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0           ––                        15.00 No
               Wong Hakkun    Independent Director         Male 55     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0           ––                        15.00 No
               Song Tiebo     Independent Director         Male 56     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0           ––                        15.00 No
               Chen Xiaomu    Director and Deputy          Male 46     8 October 2021   8 October 2024      98,467 (A shares) 97,367 (A shares)         -1,100 Share Option Scheme     114.91 No
                                 Party Secretary                                                            98,000 (H shares) 98,000 (H shares)
               Chen Maoshan Staff Director and chairman Male 57        8 October 2021   8 October 2024      782,368 (A shares) 586,868 (A shares)    -195,500 Share Option Scheme     271.73 No
                                 of the labour union                                                         111,274 (H shares) 111,274 (H shares)
               Ding Hongxiang Director                     Male 55     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0          ––                             – No
               Guan Dayuan Director                        Male 58     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0          ––                             – No
               Liu Zhijun     Director                     Male 58     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0          ––                             – No
               Chen Jun       Director                     Male 46     23 August 2018   8 October 2021                         0                 0          ––                             – No
               Han Ying       Director                     Male 43     23 August 2018   8 October 2021                         0                 0          ––                             – No
               Chen Tian      Supervisor                   Female 44   8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0          ––                             – No
               Cao Xiandong Supervisor                     Male 41     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0          ––                             – No
               Huang Cheng Supervisor                      Male 47     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0          ––                             – No
               Shi Lei        Staff supervisor             Male 48     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                   120,395           120,395          ––                         90.31 No
               Wang Lu        Staff supervisor             Female 53   8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0          ––                        84.00 No
               Huang Zhuo     Staff supervisor             Male 41     8 October 2021   8 October 2024                         0                 0          ––                         73.61 No
               Long Yong      Supervisor                   Male 47     23 August 2018   8 October 2021                         0                 0          ––                             – No
               Wang Junyang Supervisor                     Male 43     23 August 2018   8 October 2021                         0                 0          ––                             – No
               Wu Song        Standing Deputy              Male 58     8 October 2021   1 May 2023                     794,300            595,800    -198,500 Share Option Scheme     271.68 No
                                 General Manager
               Li Shao        Deputy General Manager Male 59           8 October 2021   25 September 2022            794,267              595,767    -198,500 Share Option Scheme    272.43 No
               Yan Zhuangli Deputy General Manager Male 53             8 October 2021   8 October 2024               260,000             260,000            ––                       263.65 No
               Wang Dan       Deputy General Manager and Female 51     8 October 2021   8 October 2024               953,668              715,868    -237,800 Share Option Scheme    270.78 No
                                 person in charge
                                 of accounting function
               Gao Rui        Deputy General Manager Male 42           8 October 2021   8 October 2024                160,000             160,000           ––                       264.79 No
               Chen Hanjun Deputy General Manager Male 59              8 October 2021   24 August 2022                365,220             274,220     -91,000 Share Option Scheme    270.42 No
               Sui Li         Secretary of the Board and Female 53     8 October 2021   26 August 2023                 325,353             295,353   -30,000 Share Option Scheme     262.79 No
                                 company secretary
               Jiang Xiuyun Chief accountant               Female 54   8 October 2021   8 October 2024                      0                   0          ––                         243.94 No
               Total          /                            /      /    /                /                                                                   /                        3,251.08 /


62
                                                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021




                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    Notes:
    1.     The number of shares held at the end of the reporting period includes the granted restricted
           shares;
    2.     During the reporting period, the Company completed the election of the new session of the
           Board and the Supervisory Committee on 8 October 2021;
    3.     Since 3 February 2021, Ms. Jiang Xiuyun ceased to be a supervisor of the fifth session of the
           supervisory committee of the Company; since 10 February 2021, she has been appointed as the
           chief accountant of the Company.



(II) Interests Required to be Disclosed Under the SFO
    The following are the interests or short positions of the current and resigned directors,
    supervisors and senior management of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and
    debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the SFO)
    as at 31 December 2021, which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
    Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
    positions which he/she was deemed or taken to have under such provisions of the SFO)
    or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register
    referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the
    Company and the Stock Exchange:


                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                         interests in              Percentage in
                                                                                                   underlying shares                 the class of  Percentage
                                                                                        Number of held under equity                 issued share of total share
    Name           Position                          Class of shares Capacity          shares held        derivatives        Total    capital (%)   capital (%)

    Zeng Qinghong Chairman and Party Secretary       A shares       Beneficial owner        531,000                 0       531,000       0.0073          0.0051
    Feng Xingya Director and General Manager         A shares       Beneficial owner        766,533           290,000     1,056,533       0.0145          0.0102
    Chen Xiaomu Director and Deputy Party Secretary A shares        Beneficial owner         97,367                 0        97,367       0.0013         0.0009
                                                     H shares       Beneficial owner         98,000                 0        98,000       0.0032         0.0009
    Chen Maoshan Staff Representative Director and A shares         Beneficial owner       586,868            245,000       831,868        0.0114        0.0080
                    chairman of the labour union     H shares       Beneficial owner          111,274               0         111,274     0.0036          0.0011
    Shi Lei       Staff Representative Supervisor    A shares       Beneficial owner        120,395                 0       120,395       0.0017          0.0012
    Wu Song       Standing Deputy General Manager A shares          Beneficial owner       595,800            260,000      855,800         0.0118        0.0083
    Li Shao       Deputy General Manager             A shares       Beneficial owner        595,767           260,000       855,767        0.0118        0.0083
    Yan Zhuangli Deputy General Manager              A shares       Beneficial owner       260,000            260,000      520,000        0.0072         0.0050
    Wang Dan      Deputy General Manager and person A shares        Beneficial owner        715,868           260,000       975,868       0.0134         0.0094
                    in charge of accounting function
    Gao Rui       Deputy General Manager             A shares       Beneficial owner       160,000            160,000     320,000         0.0044         0.0031
    Chen Hanjun Deputy General Manager               A shares       Beneficial owner       274,220            260,000     534,220         0.0073         0.0052
    Sui Li        Secretary of the Board and         A shares       Beneficial owner       295,353            245,000     540,353         0.0074         0.0052
                    company secretary




                                                                                                                                                                   63
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (III) Share Options Granted to Directors and Senior Management During
             the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                            Unit: share (A share)


                                                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                                                                                     average
                                                                                                                  Shares                              closing
                                                                                Number    Number                  issued                                price
                                                                             of A share    of new                   upon   Number         Number immediately     Number
                                                                                options   A share    A share exercise of share           of share before the of A share
                                                                            held at the    options    options of A share    options       options exercise       options
                                                                             beginning    granted exercisable    options cancelled         lapsed date of the held at the
                                                                                 of the during the during the during the during the    during the    A share end of the
                                                                              reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting         reporting    options reporting
           Name            Position                                              period     period     period     period     period        period      (RMB)      period

           Zeng Qinghong   Chairman and Party Secretary                         373,336        0           0          0     373,336            0      N/A(note1)          0
           Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager                        644,668         0           0          0     354,668            0      N/A(note1)    290,000
           Chen Xiaomu     Director and Deputy Party Secretary                  261,336        0           0          0      261,336           0      N/A(note1)          0
           Chen Maoshan    Staff Representative Director and chairman of       581,000         0           0          0     336,000            0      N/A(note1)    245,000
                               the labour union
           Wu Song         Standing Deputy General Manager                     596,000         0           0          0     336,000            0      N/A(note1)    260,000
           Li Shao         Deputy General Manager                              596,000         0           0          0     336,000            0      N/A(note1)    260,000
           Yan Zhuangli    Deputy General Manager                              614,668         0           0          0     354,668            0      N/A(note1)    260,000
           Wang Dan        Deputy General Manager and person in charge of      596,000         0           0          0     336,000            0      N/A(note1)    260,000
                               accounting function
           Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager                              496,000         0           0          0      336,000           0      N/A(note1)     160,000
           Chen Hanjun     Deputy General Manager                               596,000        0           0          0      336,000           0      N/A(note1)     260,000
           Sui Li          Secretary of the Board and company secretary         581,000        0           0          0      336,000           0      N/A(note1)     245,000
           Total           /                                                  5,936,008        0           0          0    3,696,008           0      N/A(note1)   2,240,000



           Note:


           1.        As the performance conditions stipulated in the share incentive scheme had not been satisified,
                     options exercisable during the third exercise period for the initial grant of the 2017 Incentive
                     Scheme and in the second and third exercise periods of reserved options have been cancelled in
                     December 2021.


           2.        For the grant date, validity period, exercise period and the exercise price of the above A share
                     options, please refer to the section titled “X. Share Option Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership
                     Scheme or Other Staff Incentives of the Company and Their Impact” under Chapter 8 – “Significant
                     Events” of this report.




64
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



In 11 December 2020, the Company completed the registration of grant for the 2020 A share
option and restricted share incentive scheme. According to the proposed scheme and
the annual results of operations in 2021, the Company will enter the first exercise period
for options and an unlocking period of restricted shares on 11 December 2022, with the
exercisable and unlockable options in proportion of 40%. At the end of the reporting period,
the number of unexercised options and restricted shares not yet unlocked held by directors
and senior management are as follows:


                                                                                   Number of
                                                    Number of options     restricted shares
                                                      held at the end        held at the end
                                                      of the reporting      of the reporting
Name                    Position                               period                    period

Feng Xingya             Director and General                  290,000                  290,000
                          Manager
Chen Maoshan            Director                              245,000                  245,000
Wu Song                 Standing Deputy General               260,000                  260,000
                          Manager
Li Shao                 Deputy General Manager                260,000                  260,000
Yan Zhuangli            Deputy General Manager                260,000                  260,000
Wang Dan                Deputy General Manager                260,000                  260,000
                          and person in charge of
                          accounting function
Gao Rui                 Deputy General Manager                 160,000                  160,000
Chen Hanjun             Deputy General Manager                260,000                  260,000
Sui Li                  Secretary of the Board                245,000                  245,000




                                                                                                      65
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name       Main work experiences

          Zeng       A senior engineer and a Ph.D. candidate in management science and
          Qinghong   engineering. Currently, Mr. Zeng is the Chairman of the Company, party secretary
                     and Chairman of the Strategy Committee of the Board. He is also the chairman
                     and party secretary of GAIG. He first joined the Company in 1997. He had served
                     as the vice chairman of the Company from June 2005 to October 2016, general
                     manager of the Company from June 2005 to November 2016, and director of
                     the Executive Committee of the Company from June 2013 to November 2016.
                     Mr. Zeng was the vice chairman of GAIG from August 2008 to October 2016,
                     general manager of GAIG from July 2013 to October 2016. He has been serving
                     the current positions since October 2016. He was the chairman of GAC Toyota
                     and vice chairman of GAC Toyota Engine from June 2013 to December 2016. He
                     acted as a chairman of GAMC from August 2008 to June 2013, chairman of GAC
                     Gonow Automobile Co., Ltd. from January 2011 to June 2013 and chairman of GAC
                     FCA from January 2010 to June 2013. Prior to this, he held positions as chairman
                     of GAC Business, GAC Component and GAC Hino, director and executive deputy
                     general manager of GAC Honda and deputy general manager of GAIG and
                     GAC Group. Mr. Zeng is a delegate of the 10th, 11th and 13th National People’s
                     Congress.


          Feng       Director of the Company, general manager, director of the Executive Committee
          Xingya     and member of the Strategy Committee of the Board . He is also a director of
                     GAIG, chairman of GAMC, chairman of GAC AION and a delegate of the 16th
                     People’s Congress in Guangzhou. Mr. Feng joined the Group in 2004, he has
                     held positions as a deputy head of sales department, deputy general manager,
                     executive deputy general manager and a director of GAC Toyota, a director
                     of GAC Mitsubishi and vice chairman of Tong Fang Logistics. He has been the
                     deputy general manager of the Company since 2008. Since 25 March 2015, he
                     has been a director of the Company. He was the chairman of GAC FCA, GAC
                     FCA Sales, Guang Ai Insurance Brokers Limited, Urtrust Insurance and Da Sheng
                     Technology. Mr. Feng served as a deputy general manager in Zhengzhou Nissan
                     Automobile Company Limited from June 1998 to June 2004. Mr. Feng graduated
                     from Xi’an Jiaotong University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in July
                     1988 and a master’s degree in business administration in July 2001.




66
                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2021




                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name       Main work experiences

Zhao       Independent non-executive director of the Company and a member of the
Fuquan     Strategy Committee of the Board. He is a professor and PhD supervisor of
           the School of Vehicle and Mobility of Tsinghua University, dean of Tsinghua
           Automotive Strategy Research Institute (TASRI), permanent honorary Chairman
           of the International Federation of Automotive Engineering Societies (FISITA),
           fellow of the first Academy of Technical Leadership and a member of the Society
           of Automotive Engineers of China and America. He has served as the research
           director of USA DaimlerChrysler, the vice president and general manager of the
           R&D center of Shenyang Brilliance Jinbei Automobile Co., Ltd., vice president
           of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd. and an executive director of Geely
           Automobile Holdings Limited, a director of BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd.,
           chairman of the board of Australia DSI Holdings Ltd., a director of Manganese
           Bronze Holdings and an independent director of BAIC Motor Corporation Limited.
           Mr. Zhao graduated from Jilin University of Technology as an undergraduate with
           a bachelor’s degree in Internal Combustion Engine in July 1985. He graduated
           from Hiroshima University as a postgraduate with a master’s degree in
           mechanical engineering in March 1989, and graduated from Hiroshima University
           as a postgraduate with a doctorate degree in mechanical engineering in March
           1992.


Xiao      Independent non-executive director of the Company, chairman of the
Shengfang Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board, chairman of the
          Nomination Committee of the Board and a member of the Audit Committee
          of the Board. He is the supervisor of Guangdong Sino-Win Law Firm, an expert
          in complicated civil and commercial dispute resolution, a representative of the
          National People’s Congress, vice president of the All China Lawyers Association,
          chairman of the Guangdong Lawyers Association, a special supervisor of the
          Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procuratorate, vice chairman
          of the Guangdong Province Law Society, a member of the Guangdong Provincial
          Judges and Prosecutors Disciplinary Committee, an arbitrator of the Guangzhou
          Arbitration Commission, and the vice chairman of the Guangzhou Law Society;
          and an independent director of Guangzhou Lingnan International Enterprise
          Group Co., Ltd. (廣州嶺南國際企業集團有限公司), Guangzhou Municipal Construction
          Group Co., Ltd. (廣州市建築集團有限公司), Guangdong Fenghua High-tech Co., Ltd.
          (廣東風華高新科技股份有限公司) and Kingfa Scientific and Technological Co., Ltd.(金
          發科技股份有限公司). He once served as the vice president of Guangzhou Lawyers
          Association and the deputy director of the Labor Law Professional Committee
          of All China Lawyers Association. He obtained a master’s degree in business
          administration from Jinan University in 2002.




                                                                                                    67
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name       Main work experiences

          Wong       Independent non-executive director of the Company and chairman of the Audit
          Hakkun     Committee of the Board. He is a member of each of the Hong Kong Institute of
                     Certified Public Accountants, the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants,
                     the Institute of Chartered Management Accountants and the Institute of
                     Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, an independent director and chairman
                     of the Audit Committee of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
                     the Stock Exchange, stock code: 6690), an independent non-executive director
                     and chairman of audit committee of Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited (a
                     company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 0551), an independent non-
                     executive director and chairman of audit committee of Lung Kee (Bermuda)
                     Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 255),
                     and an independent non-executive director and chairman of audit committee
                     of Hangzhou SF Intra-city Industrial Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Stock
                     Exchange, stock code: 9699). He served as an independent non-executive
                     director and chairman of audit committee of Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument
                     Group Company Limited from June 2018 to 24 July 2021. He was an audit partner
                     of Deloitte China from 1992 to 2013 and a national audit and assurance leading
                     partner and a member of the management leadership team of Deloitte China
                     from 2013 to 2017. Mr. Wong has extensive experience in auditing, assurance and
                     management. He graduated from the Faculty of Social Sciences of the University
                     of Hong Kong as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree in social sciences
                     majoring in economics and management in May 1980.


          Song Tiebo Independent non-executive director of the Company, a member of the Strategy
                     Committee of the Board, a member of the Remuneration and Assessment
                     Committee of the Board, a member of the Nomination Committee of the Board
                     and a member of the Audit Committee of the Board. He is a professor and
                     doctoral tutor of the China Enterprises Strategic Management Research Center
                     of the South China University of Technology. He has been focusing on teaching
                     and researching in the field of enterprise strategic management for a long time.
                     He has recently focused on the research on the collaborative evolution of Chinese
                     enterprises strategies and institutional environment. Mr. Song currently serves
                     as an independent director of Guangdong Xinbao Electrical Appliances Holdings
                     Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Zhujiang Brewery Group Co., Ltd. and Guangdong Sky
                     Dragon Technology Group Co., Ltd. He graduated from South China University
                     of Technology as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree in inorganic
                     nonmetallic materials science and engineering in June 1988. In December 1993,
                     he graduated from South China University of Technology as a postgraduate with
                     a master’s degree in management science and engineering, and graduated from
                     South China University of Technology as a postgraduate with a doctorate degree
                     in enterprise management in July 2005.


68
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name       Main work experiences

Chen       Non-executive director of the Company, deputy party secretary and the head of
Xiaomu     party work department of the Company. Mr. Chen is also a director of GAIG. He
           served as the head of human resources department of the Company, the party
           secretary, secretary to the disciplinary committee, chairman of labour union and
           the director of GAC Mitsubishi, and the director of GAC Mitsubishi (廣汽三菱). He
           graduated from Jilin University of Technology majoring in international trade
           in 1999 as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree in engineering. In 2011,
           Mr. Chen graduated from the School of Business Administration, South China
           University of Technology majoring in business administration as a postgraduate
           with a master’s degree in business administration. He graduated from Jilin
           University majoring in business administration in 2018 as a postgraduate with a
           doctorate degree in management.


Chen       Non-executive director of the Company (staff representative) and chairman of the
Maoshan    labour union of the Company. Mr. Chen is also a director (staff representative),
           general manager and chairman of the labour union of GAIG, chairman of GAC
           Mitsubishi, chairman of GAC Mitsubishi Sales and chairman of Wuyang-Honda.
           He acted as deputy general manager of the Company from March 2011 to June
           2013, and deputy director of the Executive Committee of the Company from June
           2013 to February 2015. Prior to this, Mr. Chen acted as the head of general affair
           department of GAC Honda, deputy general manager of Honda Automobile (China)
           Co., Ltd., deputy general manager of Guangzhou Motorcycle Group Co., Ltd.,
           managing director and standing deputy general manager of Wuyang-Honda and
           the chairman of GAC Component.


Ding      Non-executive director of the Company, a member of the Strategy Committee
Hongxiang of the Board, a member of the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the
          Board, and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Board, and deputy
          general manager of China National Machinery Industry Corporation Limited
          (中 國 機 械 工 業 集 團 有 限 公 司). Mr. Ding is vice president of China Association of
          Automobile Manufacturers, vice president of Society of Automotive Engineers of
          China. Mr. Ding graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology
          (undergraduate) in 1986, and obtained a master’s degree and a doctoral degree
          in western economics from Huazhong Institute of Technology in 1989 and
          Huazhong University of Science and Technology in 2011, respectively.




                                                                                                      69
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name         Main work experiences

          Guan         Non-executive director of the Company, a member of the Strategy Committee
          Dayuan       of the Board. Mr. Guan is currently the chairman of Wanxiang Qianchao Co., Ltd.
                       (萬向錢潮股份有限公司), chairman of the board of supervisors of Shunfa Hengye
                       Co.,Ltd. (順發恒業股份公司), and chairman of Wanxiang Resources Co., Ltd. (萬向資
                       源有限公司). He once served as an assistant to general manager and director of
                       the general manager’s office of Wanxiang Group Corporation Ltd. (萬向集團公司),
                       general manager of Shenzhen Wanxiang Investment Co., Ltd. (深圳萬向投資有限公
                       司), and senior executive vice president of Wanxiang Group Corporation Ltd. (萬向
                       集團公司). He holds a master’s degree, and is a senior economist.

          Liu Zhijun   Non-executive director of the Company. Mr. Liu currently serves as deputy party
                       secretary, general manager and legal representative of Guangzhou Industrial
                       Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣 州 產 業 投 資 基 金 管 理 有 限 公 司), party
                       branch secretary, chairman and legal representative of Guangzhou Financial
                       Innovation Investment Holding Co., Ltd. (廣州科技金融創新投資控股有限公司), and
                       co-chairman of Guangzhou Private Equity Association(廣 州 私 募 基 金 協 會). He
                       once served as head of the social, science and technology division, head of the
                       industry division and head of the investment division of the Guangzhou Statistics
                       Bureau, deputy director of Guangzhou Productivity Promotion Center, general
                       manager of Guangzhou Keda Industrial Development Co., Ltd. (廣 州 市 科 達 實 業
                       發展公司), chairman of Guangzhou Science and Technology Venture Capital Co.,
                       Ltd. (廣州科技風險投資有限公司), deputy general manager of Guangzhou Industrial
                       Investment Fund Management Co.,Ltd.(廣 州 產 業 投 資 基 金 管 理 有 限 公 司), and
                       chairman of Guangzhou Financial Innovation Investment Holding Co., Ltd. (廣州科
                       技金融創新投資控股有限公司). He is a Ph.D. candidate at the Guangzhou Institute of
                       Geochemistry, Chinese Academy of Sciences.


          Chen Tian    Supervisor of the Company. She was a designated supervisor of Guangzhou
                       Communication Investment Group Co., Ltd., a senior staff of the supervision
                       office, office and legal department of the Guangzhou Municipal Commission of
                       Commerce (Guangzhou Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation Bureau). She
                       graduated from Sun Yat-sen University majoring in law (undergraduate) in 2002
                       and a master’s degree in economic law from Sun Yat-sen University in 2008.




70
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2021




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name       Main work experiences

Cao        Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Cao is currently the party secretary, general
Xiandong   manager and legal representative of Wanli Tire Co., Ltd. (萬 力 輪 胎 股 份 有 限 公
           司), and also deputy head of the auto parts division of Guangzhou Industrial
           Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd.(廣州工業投資控股集團有限公司). He once served
           as deputy general manager of the strategic planning department and deputy
           director of the general office of Guangzhou Industrial Investment Holding Group
           Co., Ltd.(廣州工業投資控股集團有限公司), and deputy party secretary, director and
           general manager of Wanli Tire Co., Ltd. (萬力輪胎股份有限公司).

Huang      Supervisor of the Company. He currently serves as general manager of the
Cheng      investment management department of Guangzhou Finance Holdings Group
           Co., Ltd. (廣 州 金 融 控 股 集 團 有 限 公 司), chairman and legal representative of
           Guangzhou Jinkong Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣州金控基金管理有限公司), and
           a director of Guangdong Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. (廣 東 股 權 交 易 中 心 股 份 有 限
           公 司). He graduated from the School of Business Administration, South China
           University of Technology majoring in management science and engineering as a
           postgraduate with a doctorate degree in management.


Shi Lei    Staff representative supervisor of the Company. He is also a member of the
           disciplinary committee, the deputy secretary, the director of the disciplinary
           committee and the general office of the commissioner of discipline inspection
           office of the Company. He previously served as the deputy secretary of the party
           committee, secretary of the disciplinary committee and chairman of the labor
           union of GAMC (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. and the assistant to the general manager,
           director of the party committee office and director of the office of GAMC. Mr.
           Shi graduated from the Department of Business Administration of Huazhong
           University of Science and Technology with a bachelor’s degree in engineering,
           majoring in industrial engineering and management in July 1996, and obtained
           a master’s degree in business administration from Sun Yat-sen University in July
           2002.


Wang Lu    Staff representative supervisor of the Company, deputy chairwoman of the
           labour union, auditing officer and chairwoman of the headquarters of the labour
           union of the Company. With a bachelor’s degree, she joined the Group in 1992
           and had been a member of the public relations division of the general manager’s
           office of Guangzhou Peugot Automobile Company (廣 州 標 緻 汽 車 有 限 公 司) and
           Guangzhou Sedan Co., Ltd. (廣州轎車有限公司) and an officer of the labour union, a
           member and the chairwoman of the branch of the labour union, a party branch
           member and secretary and the head of the female workers union of GAC Honda,
           the deputy head of the office of the labour union of the Company, chairwoman
           of the labour union of the headquarter, a general party branch member and
           secretary of the headquarters.
                                                                                                     71
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name      Main work experiences

          Huang     Staff representative supervisor, and deputy head of each of the audit
          Zhuo      department and the risk control department of the Company. He concurrently
                    acts as chairman of the supervisory committee of GAC Finance and Da Sheng
                    Technology, a supervisor of GAC Capital, GAC Honda Automobile Sales Co., Ltd.
                    (廣汽本田汽車銷售有限公司) and GAC BYD, and a member of the audit committee
                    of the GAC-SOFINCO. Mr. Huang previously served as chief financial officer of
                    GAEI and audit manager of KPMG Huazhen LLP Guangzhou branch. In 2007,
                    he graduated from the University of Wollongong majoring in accounting and
                    obtained a postgraduate degree and a master’s degree in accounting.


          Wu Song   Standing deputy general manager and a member of the Executive Committee
                    of the Company. He is also currently the chairman of GAC Toyota, GAC Toyota
                    Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 豐 田 汽 車 銷 售 有 限 公 司), vice chairman of GAC
                    Toyota Engine, a director of GAMC and GAC AION and co-chairman of HYCAN
                    Automobile. Mr. Wu joined the Company in August 2002 and acted as deputy
                    general manager of the Company from 2007 to June 2013. He was a director of
                    the Company from February 2015 to August 2017. Mr. Wu has held positions as a
                    director and deputy general manager of Wuyang-Honda, a director of GAC Toyota
                    and director and deputy general manager of GAC Toyota Engine, chairman and
                    general manager of GAMC, a director of GAC FCA, chairman of GAMC (Hangzhou)
                    and vice chairman of Tong Fang Logistics. Mr. Wu previously acted as director
                    and general manager of Yegang Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Wu obtained a bachelor’s
                    degree in engineering of Mechanical No. 1 Department from Engineering
                    Institute of Central China (later renamed to Huazhong University of Science and
                    Technology) in July 1984. He graduated from Xi’an Jiaotong University majoring
                    in industrial engineering in 1989. He is a senior economist.




72
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name       Main work experiences

Li Shao    Deputy general manager and a member of Executive Committee of the
           Company. He is also chairman of GAC Honda and GAC Honda Sales and a
           director of GAMC and GAC AION. He joined GAC Group in June 1997 and
           has been the deputy general manager of the Company since 2007. Prior
           to this, Mr. Li had served as director of automobile planning department of
           Guangzhou municipal government, head of investment department and foreign
           economics, office director, assistant to general manager and deputy general
           manager of GAC Group, deputy party secretary of GAC Bus, assistant to general
           manager and deputy general manager of GAIG, director of GAC Toyota, a
           director and an executive deputy general manager of GAC Hino, chairman of
           GAC Component and Wuyang-Honda etc. Mr. Li graduated from South China
           University of Technology and obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering in
           metal material and heat treatment in July 1985 and he also obtained a master’s
           degree in business administration from the Open University of Hong Kong in
           June 2002. He is a senior economist and senior engineer.


Yan        Deputy general manager of the Company. He is also the chairman of GAC
Zhuangli   FCA, a director of GAMC and GAC AION. He previously served as a director and
           the deputy party secretary of the Company, a director of GAIG, the chairman
           of Zhicheng Industry and GAC Business, the party secretary of GAC Toyota,
           a director of GAC Honda, the chairman of GAC Component and a director of
           GAC Hino. He has successively studied in the department of social sciences of
           Central South Industrial University and the master of business administration
           in the School of Management of Sun Yat-sen University, and obtained a
           university diploma, a bachelor’s degree in law and a master’s degree in business
           administration, respectively. He is a senior economist.




                                                                                                       73
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name       Main work experiences

          Wang Dan Deputy general manager, chief financial officer, and a member of the Executive
                   Committee of the Company. She is also chairwoman of GAC SOFINCO, GAC
                   Finance and Zhicheng Industry and a director of GAMC and GAC AION. Ms. Wang
                   joined GAC Group in March 1999, and has been the Company’s chief financial
                   officer and financial controller since 2005. Prior to this, Ms. Wang served in the
                   financial audit department of Guangzhou Junda Automobile Enterprise Group
                   (廣 州 駿 達 汽 車 企 業 集 團) and was the deputy head of the financial audit division
                   of the Company, and the chairwoman of the supervisory committees of GAMC,
                   GAC Changfeng and GAC AION, the chairwoman of Guangyue assets. Ms. Wang
                   graduated from the Sun Yat-Sen University with a bachelor’s degree in July 1992
                   and the School of Management of Zhongshan University with a senior executive
                   master’s degree in business administration in June 2005. She is a senior
                   accountant and non-practicing registered accountant.


          Gao Rui    Master of Business Administration, deputy general manager, a member of
                     the Executive Committee and the head of the public relations and publicity
                     department of the Company. He also acts as the chairman of Guangzhou Chenqi
                     Mobility Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州宸祺出行科技有限公司) and Guangzhou Chenqi
                     Automobile Service Co., Ltd. (廣州宸祺汽車服務有限公司). He served as the head of
                     the assets management department of the Company, the chairman and general
                     manager of China Lounge Investments and Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong)
                     Limited, a director and general manager of Denway Motors Limited.

          Chen       Deputy general manager, chief legal counsel and a member of the Executive
          Hanjun     Committee of the Company. He is also the chairman of GAC Hino and a
                     director of GAC Toyota. Prior to this, Mr. Chen served as the department head
                     of investment management department and assistant of general manager
                     of Guangzhou Junda Automobile Group, the chairman of Guangzhou Huade
                     Automobile Spring Co., Ltd., the general manager of Guangzhou Automobile
                     Technology Centre, the party secretary, a director and executive deputy
                     general manager of GAC Hino and chairman of GAC Hino (Shenyang) Motors
                     Co., Ltd., Shanghai Hino and GAC BYD. He graduated from the department
                     of mechanical engineering of South China University of Technology with a
                     bachelor’s degree in engineering in 1984. He graduated from School of Business
                     Administration of South China University of Technology in 1989, majoring in
                     industrial management, with a graduate diploma and a master’s degree in
                     business administration. He went to the University of Coventry to study advanced
                     manufacturing management technology in 2000. He is a senior engineer and
                     senior economist.




74
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                              Annual Report 2021




                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name     Main work experiences

Sui Li   Secretary of the Board (H-share company secretary) and the head of the
         financing business department of the Company, and chairwoman of GAC Capital,
         a subsidiary of the Company. Prior to this, she had served as the head of the
         securities department, head of the investment department and head (senior
         assistant level) of the office of the Board of the Company and a director of GAC
         Changfeng. She had served as regional general manager of Guangzhou district in
         the investment banking department of GF Securities Co., Ltd. (廣發證券股份有限公司)
         and the Office Secretariat of Guangzhou City People’s Government (廣州市人民政府
         辦公廳秘書處). She graduated from Jinan University in March 2001 with a master’s
         degree in business administration and graduated from the Macau University
         of Science and Technology in June 2011 as a postgraduate with a doctorate
         degree in business administration. She is a senior economist and a Guangzhou
         high-level financial talent (senior management talent). She is currently the vice
         chief supervisor of the China Association of Public Companies, the director and
         chairman of the fourth council of the Listed Companies Branch of the China
         Association of Automobile Manufacturers; a fellow member of The Chartered
         Governance Institute and The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute.


Jiang    Chief accountant of the Company. She once served as a staff representative
Xiuyun   supervisor, deputy head of compliance department, head of risk control
         department and head (senior assistant level) of the audit department of the
         Company, chairman of the supervisory committees of Guangzhou Zhicheng
         Industry Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Guangyue Assets Administration Co., Ltd. (廣州
         廣悅資產管理有限公司), director of the financial tax audit office of the Audit Bureau
         of Guangzhou Municipality (廣州市審計局財政稅務審計處). In 1988, she graduated
         with specialisation in auditing from the school of accounting of Guangdong
         University of Business Studies (廣東商學院) and obtained a diploma. In 2002, she
         graduated with a major in economics from Xiamen University and obtained a
         bachelor’s degree.




                                                                                                   75
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (IV) Terms of Office of Incumbent and Resigned Directors, Supervisors
            and Senior Management During the Reporting Period
           1.   Term of Office in Shareholders’ Units


                                                                            Position held in               Commencement Expiry date of
                Name of staff      Name of shareholders’ unit               shareholders’ unit             date of term        term

                Zeng Qinghong      GAIG                                     Chairman                       October 2016
                Feng Xingya        GAIG                                     Director                       August 2017
                Chen Xiaomu        GAIG                                     Director                       March 2020
                Chen Maoshan       GAIG                                     Director and Chairman of       March 2015
                                                                              the Labour Union
                Chen Maoshan       GAIG                                     General Manager                June 2019
                Ding Hongxiang China Industry National Corporation          Deputy General Manager         August 2011
                                      Machinery Limited
                Liu Zhijun         Guangzhou Industrial Investment          Deputy General Manager and December 2018
                                      Fund Management Co., Ltd.               Deputy Party Secretary
                Cao Xiandong       Guangzhou Industrial Investment          Vice Minister of Autopart      December 2020
                                      Holdings Group                          Division
                Huang Cheng        Guangzhou Jinkong Fund                   Chairman                       June 2021
                                      Management Co., Ltd.
                Wu Song            GAIG                                     Director                       June 2019
                Term of office in If expiry date of term is not stated, the appointment of the staff will continue and there is no fixed expiry
                  shareholders’       date of term.
                  units




76
                                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



2.   Term of Office in Other Units


                                                                                  Position held in               Commencement Expiry date of
     Name of staff       Name of other unit                                       other unit                     date of term         term

     Zeng Qinghong       Energy-saving and New energy Automotive                  Member                         November 2016
                            Technology Roadmap Steering Committee
     Zeng Qinghong       Guangzhou Headquarters Economy Association               President                      November 2016
     Zeng Qinghong       China Association of Automobile Manufacturers            Vice President                 March 2015
     Zeng Qinghong       Society of Automotive Engineers of Guangdong             Honorary President             February 2015
                            Province
     Zeng Qinghong       China Tendering and Bidding Association                  Standing Director              February 2015
     Feng Xingya         Guangdong Automobile Industry Association                President                      September 2020
     Zhao Fuquan         BAIC Motor Corporation Limited                           Independent director           December 2014        March 2021
     Xiao Shengfang      Guangdong Lawyers Association                            Chairman                       December 2016
     Xiao Shengfang      Guangzhou Lingnan International Enterprise Group         Independent director           March 2015
                            Co., Ltd.
     Xiao Shengfang      Guangzhou Municipal Construction Group Co., Ltd.         Independent director           January 2020
     Xiao Shengfang      Guangdong Fenghua High-tech Co., Ltd.                    Independent director           November 2021
     Xiao Shengfang      Kingfa Technology Co., Ltd                               Independent director           January 2021
     Wong Hakkun         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.                               Independent director           June 2020
     Wong Hakkun         Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited                   Independent director           June 2018
     Wong Hakkun         Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited                      Independent director           June 2018
     Wong Hakkun         Hangzhou SF Intra-city Industrial Co., Ltd.              Independent director           November 2021
     Wong Hakkun         Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company Limited Independent director                  June 2018            July 2021
     Song Tiebo          Guangzhou Zhujiang Brewery Group Co., Ltd.               Independent director           October 2016
     Song Tiebo          Guangdong Sky Dragon Technology Group Co., Ltd.          Independent director           July 2019
     Song Tiebo          Guangdong Xinbao Electrical Appliances Co., Ltd.         Independent director           August 2020
     Guan Dayuan         Wanxiang Qianchao Co., Ltd.                              Chairman of the Board          November 2017
     Guan Dayuan         Shunfa Hengye Corporation                                Chairman of the                May 2021
                                                                                     Supervisory Committee
     Liu Zhijun          Guangzhou Financial Innovation Investment Holding Chairman of the Board                 April 2016
                            Co., Ltd.
     Liu Zhijun          Guangzhou Private Equity Council                         Co-chairman                    May 2019
     Cao Xiandong        Wanli Tire Co., Ltd.                                     Director, party secretary and April 2021
                                                                                     general manager
     Huang Cheng         Guangdong Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd.               Director                       June 2021
     Term of office      If expiry date of term is not stated, the appointment of the staff will continue and there is no fixed expiry date of term.
        in other units




                                                                                                                                                       77
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (V) Remuneration for Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

           Decision-making           The Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board
            procedures for           conducted appraisal of the remuneration of the senior management
            the remuneration         of the Company and formulated the incentive program, which shall
            of the directors,        be implemented after the approval of the Board. The allowance
            supervisors and senior for independent directors is implemented after the approval of
            management               the Board and the general meeting. The remuneration of other
                                     directors and supervisors is determined in accordance with the
                                     related remuneration policy of the Company.


           Basis for determination   The remuneration of independent directors is implemented in
            of the remuneration      accordance with the plan approved at the general meeting; the
            of the directors,        remuneration of other directors and supervisors are determined by
            supervisors and senior both the formulated remuneration policy of the Company and the
            management               yearly assessment results. The remuneration of senior management
                                     is determined in accordance with the relevant assessment program
                                     combined with the annual results of the Company and their
                                     individual performance.


           Actual payment of         The remuneration of independent non-executive directors is
            the remuneration         implemented in accordance with the plan approved at the
            of the directors,        general meeting; no other directors or supervisors have received
            supervisors and senior remuneration from the Company merely in their capacity as
            management               directors or supervisors; the remuneration of senior management is
                                     implemented upon review and consideration by the Board and in
                                     accordance with relevant regulatory policies


           Total remuneration        RMB32.5108 million
            paid to all directors,
            supervisors and senior
            management as at the
            end of the reporting
            period




78
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2021




                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(VI) Changes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the
     Company

    Name                  Position          Way of Change      Reason for change

    Guan Dayuan           Director          Election           Election of new session of the Board
    Liu Zhijun            Director          Election           Election of new session of the Board
    Chen Jun              Director          Resignation        Election of new session of the Board
    Han Ying              Director          Resignation        Election of new session of the Board
    Cao Xiandong          Supervisor        Election           Election of new session of the
                                                                 Supervisory Committee
    Huang Cheng           Supervisor        Election           Election of new session of the
                                                                 Supervisory Committee
    Long Yong             Supervisor        Resignation        Election of new session of the
                                                                 Supervisory Committee
    Wang Junyang          Supervisor        Resignation        Election of new session of the
                                                                 Supervisory Committee




(VII) Interests of Directors or Supervisors in Contracts
    None of the directors or supervisors has entered into any service contract with the Company
    or any of its subsidiaries, which is not determinable by the Group within one year without
    payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


    No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business
    to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director or
    a supervisor and a connected entity of a director or a supervisor had a material interest,
    whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.



(VIII) Punishments Imposed by Securities Regulatory Authorities in the
       Last Three Years
    □Applicable    3N/A




                                                                                                             79
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     IV. BOARD MEETINGS HELD DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
        Session of the meeting     Date               Resolutions of the meeting

        The 59th meeting of the    5 January 2021     For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
        5th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                       website and designated media for information
                                                       disclosure on the same day.


        The 60th meeting of the    10 February 2021   For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
        5th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                       website and designated media for information
                                                       disclosure on the same day.


        The 61st meeting of the    25 March 2021      For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
        5th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                       website and designated media for information
                                                       disclosure on the same day.


        The 62nd meeting of the    7 April 2021       For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
        5th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                       website and designated media for information
                                                       disclosure on the same day.


        The 63rd meeting of the    25 April 2021      For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
        5th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                       website and designated media for information
                                                       disclosure on the same day.


        The 64th meeting of the    29 April 2021      The meeting only reviewed the first quarterly report. For
        5th session of the Board                       the text of the detailed quarterly report, please refer
                                                       to the announcement published on the SSE website
                                                       and designated media for information disclosure on
                                                       the same day.


        The 65th meeting of the    26 May 2021        For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
        5th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                       website and designated media for information
                                                       disclosure on the same day.




80
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2021




                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Session of the meeting     Date                Resolutions of the meeting

The 66th meeting of the    16 June 2021        For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
5th session of the Board                        resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                website and designated media for information
                                                disclosure on the same day.


The 67th meeting of the    8 July 2021         For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
5th session of the Board                        resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                website and designated media for information
                                                disclosure on the same day.


The 68th meeting of the    9 August 2021       For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
5th session of the Board                        resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                website and designated media for information
                                                disclosure on the same day.


The 69th meeting of the    30 August 2021      For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
5th session of the Board                        resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                website and designated media for information
                                                disclosure on the same day.


The 70th meeting of the    13 September 2021   For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
5th session of the Board                        resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                website and designated media for information
                                                disclosure on the same day.


The 71st meeting of the    16 September 2021   For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
5th session of the Board                        resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                website and designated media for information
                                                disclosure on the same day.


The 1st meeting of the     8 October 2021      For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
6th session of the Board                        resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                website and designated media for information
                                                disclosure on the same day.


The 2nd meeting of the     25 October 2021     For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
6th session of the Board                        resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                website and designated media for information
                                                disclosure on the same day.



                                                                                                              81
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       Session of the meeting     Date               Resolutions of the meeting

       The 3rd meeting of the     29 October 2021    For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
       6th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                      website and designated media for information
                                                      disclosure on the same day.


       The 4th meeting of the     5 November 2021    For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
       6th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                      website and designated media for information
                                                      disclosure on the same day.


       The 5th meeting of the     12 November 2021   For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
       6th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                      website and designated media for information
                                                      disclosure on the same day.


       The 6th meeting of the     29 November 2021   For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
       6th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                      website and designated media for information
                                                      disclosure on the same day.


       The 7th meeting of the     14 December 2021   For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
       6th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                      website and designated media for information
                                                      disclosure on the same day.


       The 8th meeting of the     23 December 2021   For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
       6th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                      website and designated media for information
                                                      disclosure on the same day.


       The 9th meeting of the     31 December 2021   For details about the resolutions, please refer to the
       6th session of the Board                       resolution announcement published on the SSE
                                                      website and designated media for information
                                                      disclosure on the same day.




82
                                                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2021




                                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



V. DIRECTORS’ PERFORMANCE OF THEIR DUTIES

   (I)   Directors’ Attendance in Board Meetings and General Meetings
                                                                                                                                                              General
                                                                                                      Board meeting(s)                                     meeting(s)
                                                                        Mandatory                                                             Absent in
                                                    Independent      attendance in                                                        person for two   Attendance
                                                    non-executive Board meetings Attendance in   Attendance by    Attendance                consecutive     in general
         Name of directors                          director or not during the year    person telecommunication      by proxy   Absence     times or not     meetings

         Zeng Qinghong                              No                          22          22               18            0          0              No              2
         Feng Xingya                                No                          22          22               18            0          0              No             2
         Zhao Fuquan                                Yes                         22          22               21            0          0              No             2
         Xiao Shengfang                             Yes                         22          22               19            0          0              No              1
         Wong Hakkun                                Yes                         22          22               22            0          0              No             2
         Song Tiebo                                 Yes                         22          22               19            0          0              No              1
         Chen Xiaomu                                No                          22          22               18            0          0              No             2
         Chen Maoshan                               No                          22          22               18            0          0              No             2
         Ding Hongxiang                             No                          22          22               21            0          0              No              1
         Guan Dayuan (Appointed on 8 October 2021) No                            9          8                 7             1         0              No              1
         Liu Zhijun (Appointed on 8 October 2021)   No                           9          8                 7             1         0              No              1
         Chen Jun (Resigned on 8 October 2021)      No                           13         13               13            0          0              No             0
         Han Ying (Resigned on 8 October 2021)      No                           13         13               13            0          0              No             0



         Explanation on absence in person in Board meetings for two consecutive times
         □Applicable                  3N/A


         Number of Board meetings held during the year                                                                                                            22
         Of which: Number of physical meetings                                                                                                                      4
         Number of meetings held via telecommunication                                                                                                             18
         Number of meetings held by way of combination of both                                                                                                      4




                                                                                                                                                                         83
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



        (II) Directors’ Objections to Relevant Matters of the Company
              □Applicable   3N/A



     VI. SPECIAL COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

        (I)   Members of Special Committees of the Board
              Types of committee                       Name

              Audit Committee                          Wong Hakkun, Xiao Shengfang and Song Tiebo
              Nomination Committee                     Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang
              Remuneration and                         Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang
               Assessment Committee
              Strategy Committee                       Zeng Qinghong, Feng Xingya, Zhao Fuquan, Song
                                                         Tiebo, Guan Dayuan and Ding Hongxiang




        (II) Audit Committee’s Five Meetings During the Reporting Period
                                                                                                 Other
                                                                    Important                    performance
              Date           Contents                               opinions & advices           of duty

              23 March       To review on matters such as           All members agreed to        Nil
               2021             the annual financial report,         submit the matter to the
                                the profit distribution plan, the    meeting for deliberation,
                                annual connected transaction         and agreed to submit
                                report, the internal control         the same to the Board
                                evaluation report and internal       for deliberation.
                                control audit report, the
                                appointment of auditor, the
                                report on deposit and use of
                                raised funds, the annual risk
                                management and compliance
                                management report and
                                plan, the annual audit work
                                summary and plan, and the
                                performance of duties of the
                                Audit Committee




84
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                               Other
                                                 Important                     performance
Date          Contents                           opinions & advices            of duty

27 April      To review the Q1 Report            All members agreed to         Nil
 2021                                             submit the matter to the
                                                  meeting for deliberation,
                                                  and agreed to submit
                                                  the same to the Board
                                                  for deliberation.
26 August     To review on matters such as       All members agreed to         Nil
 2021          the interim report, the interim    submit the matter to the
               profit distribution plan, the      meeting for deliberation,
               report on the deposit and use      and agreed to submit
               of the raised funds, and the       the same to the Board
               adjustment of the audit plan       for deliberation.
25 October    To review the Q3 Report            All members agreed to         Nil
 2021                                             submit the matter to the
                                                  meeting for deliberation,
                                                  and agreed to submit
                                                  the same to the Board
                                                  for deliberation.
10 December   To review and amend the            All members agreed            Nil
 2021          Internal Control Management        to revise the Internal
               Measures                           Control Management
                                                  Measures and submit
                                                  the same to the Board
                                                  for deliberation.




                                                                                                      85
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (III) Nomination Committee’s Two Meetings During the Reporting
             Period
                                                                                         Other
                                                       Important                         performance
          Date           Contents                      opinions & advices                of duty

          7 February     To review the appointment     The nomination of the chief       Nil
            2021          of chief accountant           accountant was approved
                                                        and submitted to the Board
                                                        for deliberation.
          13 September   To review on matters related All members agreed to              Nil
            2021          to the general election of    nominate the list of
                          new session of the Board      candidates for the new
                                                        session of the Board and
                                                        submit the same to the
                                                        Board for deliberation.




       (IV) Remuneration and Assessment Committee’s Five Meetings During
            the Reporting Period
                                                                                         Other
                                                       Important                         performance
          Date           Contents                      opinions & advices                of duty

          18 March       To review the 2020 annual     All members agreed to the         Nil
            2021          professional managers         assessment results and
                          and senior management         submitted the same to the
                          remuneration assessment       Board for deliberation.
          20 May         To review the adjustments     All members agreed to adjust      Nil
            2021          of the option exercise        the exercise price and
                          price and restricted share    restricted share repurchase
                          repurchase price under        price according to the annual
                          share option schemes          profit distribution plan, and
                                                        agreed to submit the same
                                                        to the Board for deliberation.




86
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2021




                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                        Other
                                                     Important                          performance
        Date           Contents                      opinions & advices                 of duty

        9 September    To review the adjustments     All members agreed to adjust       Nil
            2021        of the option exercise        the exercise price and
                        price and restricted share    restricted share repurchase
                        repurchase price under        price according to the
                        share option schemes          interim profit distribution
                                                      plan, and agreed to submit
                                                      the same to the Board for
                                                      deliberation.
        12 October     To review professional        All members agreed to the          Nil
            2021        managers’ tenure              assessment results and
                        assessment and                submitted the same to the
                        performance fulfilled         Board for deliberation.
        9 December     To review the cancellation    All members agreed to cancel       Nil
            2021        of share options for the      share options for the third
                        third exercise period         exercise period of the Second
                        under the Second Share        Share Option Scheme and
                        Option Scheme and the         the second and third exercise
                        second and third exercise     period of reserved options
                        period of reserved options    due to the failure to meet
                                                      the performance assessment
                                                      conditions and submit
                                                      the same to the Board for
                                                      deliberation.




  (V) Details of any Objections
        □Applicable   3N/A

VII. EXPLANATION ON RISKS OF THE COMPANY DETECTED BY
     THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
  The Supervisory Committee has no objection to the supervision matters during the reporting
  period.




                                                                                                               87
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     VIII. EMPLOYEE INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY AND MAJOR
           SUBSIDIARIES

       (I)   Employees
             Number of existing employees of the parent company                                          273
             Number of existing employees of major subsidiaries                                       96,716
             Total number of existing employees                                                       96,989
             Number of employees resigned or retired the pension of which the
              parent company and major subsidiaries had to be responsible for                            293
                                                 Professional composition
             Category of professional composition                                        Number of employees
             Production personnel                                                                     57,960
             Salesperson                                                                               6,059
             Technician                                                                               14,025
             Financial staff                                                                            1,813
             Administrative staff                                                                       3,751
             Finance and insurance                                                                     1,842
             Others                                                                                    11,539
             Total                                                                                    96,989
                                                      Education level
             Category of education level                                                 Number of employees
             Doctorate                                                                                   120
             Master’s degree                                                                           4,422
             Undergraduate (including double bachelor’s degree)                                       22,045
             Tertiary                                                                                  21,451
             Secondary school and below                                                               48,951
             Total                                                                                    96,989

             Note: The number of employees of joint ventures and associated companies are included.


       (II) Remuneration Policy
             Based on its development plan, the Group strengthened macro-management of
             remuneration, and attached importance to maintaining the market competitiveness of
             its remuneration level while strengthening the Group’s total payroll control. By studying
             and analysing the market remuneration data, CPI growth rate and industry benchmark, it
             reviewed its remuneration level where the total payroll was linked to the economic benefit
             index, so as to ensure that the remuneration system plays an incentive role in retaining
             talents while striving to improve labor efficiency.




88
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2021




                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    It advocated the implementation of performance-linked remuneration policy and
    continuously improved the performance appraisal mechanism, individual performance
    appraisal measures, and employee promotion system, and formulated remuneration policies
    that provide incentives and restraints.


    Timely and full contributions to various social insurances were made in accordance with the
    requirements of national and provincial laws and regulations on labour and social security to
    timely safeguard the interests of the employees. The Group also purchased supplementary
    medical and other commercial insurances for its staff to further protect and safeguard their
    interests and health beyond the requirements of policies and regulations.


    The Group will further improve the Company’s remuneration system in terms of incentive
    and retaining talents. Timely and full contributions to pension insurance, medical insurance,
    injury insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance, housing fund and
    other statutory benefits schemes will be made. Investee enterprises under the Group are
    encouraged to further enhance the flexibility and protection of staff benefit system.



(III) Training Program
    During the reporting period, the staff training of the Group was guided by the principle
    of “promoting strategies, building various platforms, focusing on key points and guiding
    to professional”, which promoted all kinds of work in an orderly manner. Meanwhile, the
    Group actively responded to the adverse impact resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic on
    personnel training, innovated and enriched training methods, strengthened the awareness
    of serving enterprises, and coordinated the pandemic prevention and control and personnel
    training work, in order to promote the construction of the Group’s learning-oriented
    organization and provide talent guarantee for high-quality development of the Group. An
    annual aggregate number of training attendance was 1,186,400.


    In 2022, the Group will continue to carry out its staff training in accordance with the work
    policy, benchmarked against world-class companies, and guided by the Group’s “14th Five-
    Year Plan” and the planning blueprint of GAC Training Center (Party School), to establish
    broad platforms and professional guidance, so as to provide strong talent support for the
    strategic implementation of the Group.




                                                                                                            89
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (IV) Labour Outsourcing
           Total working hours of labour outsourcing                                         20,538,000
           Total remuneration paid for labour outsourcing                              RMB1,101,405,851

           Note: including joint ventures and associated enterprises.



       (V) Production Safety
           During the reporting period, the Group persisted in following the guidance of Xi Jinping’s
           new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, adhered to General Secretary Xi Jinping’s
           important expositions and instructions in respect of emergency management, production
           safety, disaster prevention, mitigation and relief, and upheld the idea of “To address
           problems on both symptoms and root causes by giving priority to people and safety, so as
           to achieve a scientific development”. In accordance with the annual production safety target
           control indicator plan approved by the Board at the beginning of the year, subject to the
           requirements of “Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.’s Comprehensive Management
           System on Safety Production”, the Group closely focused on the annual work emphases on
           safety production based on the improvement of the safety production responsibility system
           with dual construction of preventive mechanism as the core and the safety production
           management targets as the foothold, and earnestly performed the main responsibility of
           enterprises for production safety and investment. In accordance with the work procedures
           of supervision, guidance and service, the Group will continue to promote the strict
           implementation of the main responsibility of safety production by all investee enterprises,
           and promote the synchronization of enterprise safety production management and business
           development.During the reporting period, the Group had experienced no major (or above)
           safety production accidents, and its production remained generally stable and was in an
           orderly manner.


           In 2022, in accordance with the requirements under the new Production Safety Law and
           other regulations, the Group will continue to improve the its safety production system,
           and promote each investee enterprise to continuously improve and implement the safety
           production responsibility system in accordance with the principle of “three managements
           and three musts”, and strictly perform the main responsibility of safety production;
           continue to promote safety production responsibility target management and strengthen
           management and control over safety production process; conscientiously carry out enterprise
           safety production standardisation work; intensify efforts to carry out safety informatization
           work, and carry out the construction of the Group’s safety informatisation management
           system platform; earnestly carry out the construction of a dual prevention mechanism for
           enterprise safety risk grading management and control and investigations and rectification
           of hidden hazards, and strictly implement accident treatment and accountability to prevent
           the occurrence of major safety accidents.


90
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2021




                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



IX. PROPOSED PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN OR CONVERSION OF
    CAPITAL RESERVES

     (I)   Formulation, Implementation and Adjustments of Cash Dividend
           Policy
           During the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the requirements of the Articles
           of Association and the dividend distribution plans for shareholders (2021-2023) of Guangzhou
           Automobile Group Co., Ltd. During the reporting period, profit distribution plans for the year
           of 2020 and for the interim period of 2021 were implemented, among which the criteria and
           proportion of cash dividend were clear, and the related decision-making procedures and
           mechanisms were complete and in compliance with the regulations. Independent directors
           performed their duties diligently and expressed their independent opinions.



     (II) Reserves Available for Distribution to Shareholders
           According to the Articles of Association, the distributable reserves of the Company are based
           on the profit after taxation determined pursuant to the Generally Accepted Accounting
           Principles of the PRC and Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (whichever is lower).
           As at 31 December 2021, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders
           amounted to RMB35,332,425,000 (2020: RMB25,563,568,000).



X.   APPRAISAL MECHANISM FOR SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND
     THE ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INCENTIVE
     MECHANISM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
     According to the formulated Administrative Measures for Salary Assessment of Professional
     Managers, the Company set up appraisal mechanism and medium and long-term incentive
     mechanism. During the reporting period, according to the progress of implementation of annual
     performance contract signed with senior management, the Remuneration and Assessment
     Committee of the Board performed annual remuneration appraisal for the senior management,
     and the resolution in respect of the appraisal results was considered and approved by the Board.




                                                                                                                  91
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     XI. C O N S T R U C T I O N A N D I M P L E M E N T A T I O N O F I N T E R N A L
         CONTROL SYSTEM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
         During the reporting period, the Administrative Measures for the Reporting of Major Operational
         Risk Events (Trial) was formulated, and the Audit Working Paper Specifications, Internal Audit
         Report Specifications, Internal Control Management Measures and other systems were revised to
         further promote the Company’s internal control and risk management work for standardisation,
         routinisation and normalisation.


         Explanation on material deficiencies in internal control during the reporting period
         □Applicable   3N/A



     XII. SELF-EVALUATION REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
         The Board conducted review of the effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company
         and its subsidiaries during the reporting period at least once annually. The said review covers all
         material aspects of control, including financial, operational and compliance controls. No material
         defects and important defects in internal control were identified in 2021. The Board considers such
         systems effective and sufficient.



     XIII. AUDIT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
         The Company engaged ShineWing Certified Public Accountants (Special General Partnership) for
         independent audit of effectiveness of its internal control in 2021, which issued an opinion that “the
         internal control over financial report of the Company was in compliance with the Basic Principles
         for Internal Control of Enterprises and relevant requirements and was effective in all significant
         aspects as at 31 December 2021” (for full text of the audit report, please refer to the announcement
         disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange in form of overseas regulatory announcement on
         30 March 2022).



     XIV. DIVIDEND POLICY
         Since 2012, the Company has started to formulate dividend distribution plans for shareholders,
         which have been strictly implemented until now. To further improve the scientific, continuous
         and stable dividend distribution decisions and supervisory mechanism of the Company for higher
         transparency and practicability of profit distribution decisions, and to give guidance to investors to
         establish a concept of long-term and rational investment, pursuant to the “Regulatory Guidelines
         for Listed Companies No. 3 – Cash Dividends Distribution of Listed Companies” issued by the
         CSRC and the requirements of the Company’s dividend distribution policy set out in the Articles
         of Association, the Board has formulated the “Dividend Distribution Plan for Shareholders of
         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (2021-2023)” (the “Distribution Plan”), specific details of
         which are as follows:


92
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2021




                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



1.   Factors Considered by the Company in Formulating the
     Distribution Plan
     The Company focuses on long term and sustainable development. After considering factors
     such as the profitability, operation planning, returns for shareholders, capital requirement for
     investment in future projects, social capital costs and financing environment, a continuous,
     stable and scientific distribution plan and mechanism for the investors are to be established,
     so that a systematic arrangement can be made for profit distribution in order to ensure
     continuity and stability of the profit distribution policy.



2.   The Principle of the Distribution Plan Formulation
     The formulation of the Distribution Plan shall conform with the relevant national laws
     and regulations and the relevant provisions relating to profit distribution in the Articles of
     Association. The Company shall focus on stable and reasonable returns to the investors
     while at the same time fully consider the actual operation and sustainable development of
     the Company. On the basis of giving full consideration to the interests of shareholders and
     managing the relationship between short-term interests and long-term development of
     the Company, the Company shall determine a reasonable profit distribution proposal, and
     pursuant to which, formulate a plan to implement the profit distribution policy in a certain
     period to ensure continuity and stability of the profit distribution policy.



3.   The Frequency of the Distribution Plan Formulation and Relevant
     Decision Making Mechanism
     The Board shall formulate the Distribution Plan in accordance with the profit distribution
     policy stipulated in the Articles of Association. In the event that the Company needs to
     adjust the profit distribution policy due to the significant changes in the external operating
     environment and its internal operating conditions, the protection of the interest of
     shareholders (especially the public shareholders) shall be of the first priority and detailed
     argumentation and reasons shall be given. Further, detailed explanation regarding the
     adjustments of the dividend distribution policy shall be given in the regular report of the
     Company with stringent implementation of the decision making procedures. The Board shall
     ensure that the Distribution Plan will be reviewed every three years in order to ensure the
     content of the Distribution Plan conforms with the profit distribution policy as stipulated in
     the Articles of Association.




                                                                                                                93
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       4.   The Distribution Plan to Shareholders of the Company From 2021
            to 2023
            (a)   The Company may distribute profits by cash, shares, and combination of cash and
                  shares.


            (b)   The Company shall give priority to profit distribution by way of cash, i.e. profit
                  distribution shall be made in the form of cash dividends if the cash dividend conditions
                  subsist.


            (c)   According to the laws and regulations in the Company Law and the provisions in the
                  Articles of Association, provided that the profit and cash of the Company are able to
                  fulfill the needs for continuous operation and long term development of the Company,
                  the profit distributed in cash in each of the years between 2021 to 2023 shall be no less
                  than 10% of the distributable profit realised in such year, whereas the cumulative profit
                  distributed in cash for the three consecutive years shall be no less than 30% of the
                  average distributable profits realised in such three years.


            (d)   In principle, cash dividend shall be distributed by the Company annually from 2021
                  to 2023. The Board may propose to distribute interim cash dividend based on the
                  profitability and the capital requirements of the Company.


            (e)   From 2021 to 2023, depending on the cumulative distributable profits, reserves and
                  the condition of cash flow, the Company may distribute profits by way of shares to
                  match share capital expansion with business growth provided that the minimum
                  cash dividend payout ratio and a reasonable scale of share capital of the Company are
                  maintained.




94
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2021



 Chapter 5

 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
The Board is pleased to submit the report of the directors together with the audited consolidated
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021.



DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
The details of the directors and supervisors of the Company for the year are set out in the paragraph
titled “III. Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, and Senior Management – Particulars About Changes in
the Shareholding and Remuneration of Incumbent and Resigned Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management During the Reporting Period” under Chapter 4 – “Corporate Governance” of this report.
Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
Information of the principal activities of the Company for the year is set out in Chapter 2 – “Corporate
Profile and Summary of Business” of this report. Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance cover for its directors and relevant
management personnel during the reporting period. The permitted indemnity provisions were in
force for the benefit of the directors and relevant management personnel of the Company during the
reporting period.



MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company was entered into during the year.



BUSINESS REVIEW

1.    Business Performance, Principal Risks and Uncertainties and Future
      Development
      The discussion on the business performance, principal risks and uncertainties and future
      development of the Group, as well as the analysis of financial key performance indicators of
      the Group are set out in Chapter 3 – “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report. Such
      sections form part of this report of the directors.




                                                                                                                     95
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     2.   Significant Events Subsequent to the Reporting Period
          Significant events of the Group subsequent to the reporting period are set out in note 42 to the
          consolidated financial statements. Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



     3.   Environmental Policies and Performance
          The Group always adheres to the development concept of green development, energy
          conservation and emission reduction and considers environmental protection as an important
          task for enterprises. The Group strictly complies with various environmental laws and regulations,
          adheres to the scientific development concept as guidance, strengthens the responsibility
          system for environmental protection targets, and increases efforts in energy conservation and
          emission reduction, actively promotes energy conservation and emission reduction from technical
          innovation, production organisation and daily management. The environmental protection facilities
          are in normal, stable and continuous operation with satisfactory treatment results. No major
          environmental pollution incidents occurred.


          The Group strictly abides by various environmental protection laws and regulations stipulated
          by the Government and strictly controls all kinds of pollutants generated. The Group strictly
          implements the environmental impact assessment system and the “Three Simultaneous” system
          during the project construction (the environmental protection facilities must be designed,
          constructed and commenced operation with the construction project simultaneously).


          In order to conscientiously implement the national environmental protection and safety laws
          and regulations, ensure timely control after unexpected environmental incidents, prevent the
          spread and pollution of major accidents, effectively organise post-incident relief and rescue, and
          protect the personal safety of employees and the safety of the Company’s properties, pursuant
          to the relevant documents such as the National Environmental Emergency Plan, and the actual
          situation of the enterprise, in line with the principle of “focus on prevention, focus on self-help,
          unified command, division of labour”, the Group has prepared corresponding emergency plans
          for unexpected environmental incidents, and notified the relevant environmental protection
          departments. The Group organises regular publicity and training within the enterprise and
          annual emergency drills and reviews which would improve the ability of enterprises to respond
          to unexpected environmental pollution accidents and prevent and control the occurrence of
          environmental pollution accidents effectively.


          In order to consciously fulfill the obligations to environmental protection, the Group actively
          accepts social supervision, and develops self-monitoring programs in accordance with the
          requirements of national construction regulations and standards. All the monitoring results have
          met the standard.




96
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2021




                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



4.    Laws and Regulations that have a Significant Impact on the Company
      The Company strictly complies with domestic and overseas laws and regulations and industrial
      standards such as the Listing Rules, the SSE Listing Rules, the SFO, the Company Law, the
      Securities Law and the Regulations on the Supervision and Administration of Securities Companies.



5.    Key Relationships
      Information regarding the Company’s key relationships with its employees, customers and
      suppliers is set out in the paragraph titled “Employee Information of the Company and Major
      Subsidiaries” under Chapter 4 – “Corporate Governance” and in the paragraphs titled “Sales to
      major customers” and “Major suppliers” under Chapter 3 – “Management Discussion and Analysis”
      of this report.



INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
Save as disclosed in the sections titled “III. Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management – (III)
Share Options Granted to Directors and Senior Management During the Reporting Period” under Chapter
4 – “Corporate Governance” and “X. Share Option Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other
Staff Incentives of the Company and Their Impacts” under Chapter 8 – “Significant Events” of this report,
during the period and at the end of the Company’s financial year, there were no arrangements whose
objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable directors and supervisors of the Company to acquire
benefits in shares or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.



DONATIONS
Details of charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year are set out in the section
titled “III. Details on Performance of Consolidation of Anti-poverty Achievements and Rural Revitalization”
under Chapter 7 – “Environmental and Social Responsibility” of this report.



ISSUE OF SHARES
During the reporting period, as a result of conversion of A share convertible bonds, exercise of share
options granted under the share option incentive schemes and capitalisation of the capital reserve from
profit distribution, an aggregate of 20,896,008 A shares were increased with a total consideration of
RMB258,868,109.80 received.



ISSUE OF DEBENTURES, BONDS AND OTHER DEBT SECURITIES
The Company did not issue any debentures, bonds or other debt securities during the year.




                                                                                                                     97
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     No equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the year. For the information of
     the equity-linked agreements entered into by the Company in prior financial years, please refer to the
     paragraph titled “Share Option Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other Staff Incentives of
     the Company and Their Impacts” under Chapter 8 – “Significant Events” of this report.



     DIVIDENDS
     During the year, an interim dividend of RMB0.05 per share (2020: RMB0.03) (tax inclusive) was
     distributed, totalling approximately RMB517,816,555.50 (2020: approximately RMB307,137,874.14). The
     Board recommends to distribute a final dividend of RMB0.17 per share (2020: RMB0.15) (tax inclusive)
     for the year ended 31 December 2021, totalling approximately RMB1,778,872,801.69 (2020: approximately
     RMB1,552,648,932.30).



     REASONS FOR RESIGNATION
     Since 3 February 2021, Ms. Jiang Xiuyun (“Ms. Jiang”) has resigned as the staff representative supervisor
     of the Supervisory Committee of the Company due to work reallocation. Ms. Jiang confirmed that she
     had no disagreement with the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the Company, and there were no
     matters in respect of her resignation that need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the
     Company. Ms. Jiang was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company on 10 February 2021.


     Save as disclosed above, during the year, no director or supervisor of the Company resigned or refused to
     stand for re-election in respect of which the Company had received a notice in writing from such director
     or supervisor specifying that the resignation or refusal is due to reasons relating to the affairs of the
     Company (whether or not other reasons are specified).



     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ MATERIAL INTEREST IN
     TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS THAT ARE
     SIGNIFICANT IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS
     No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to
     which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director or a supervisor and
     a connected entity of a director or a supervisor had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
     subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.




98
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2021




                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to shareholders by reason of their holdings
in the shares.




                                                                        By order of the Board
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Zeng Qinghong
                                                                              Chairman


Guangzhou, the PRC, 30 March 2022




                                                                                                                   99
      Chapter 6

      REPORT OF THE
      SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
  In 2021, the supervisory committee of the Company conducted its work with the spirit of holding itself
  accountable to all shareholders and duly performed its various duties and obligations. All members of the
  Supervisory Committee participated in the discussion in respect of the major operation decisions of the
  Company, and supervised the financial conditions and lawful operation of the Company and performance
  of directors and senior management according to law, through attending supervisory meetings, general
  meetings and Board meetings etc., in accordance with the Company Law, the Securities Law, the
  Listing Rules and other laws and regulations and the requirements of the Articles of Association, which
  enhanced the internal control and standardised operation of the Company.


  The Supervisory Committee was of the view that during the reporting period, the standardised
  operation of the Company was strictly in compliance with relevant laws and regulations such as the
  Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules and internal control systems such as the Articles of Association,
  while the directors and senior management of the Company performed their duties diligently and in
  compliance with the PRC laws and regulations, the Articles of Association and the system, and effectively
  safeguarded the interests of the Company and its shareholders. The work of the Supervisory Committee
  during the year is reported as follows:



  I.    THE COMPOSITION AND CHANGES OF THE SUPERVISORY
        COMMITTEE
        Due to the expiration of the term of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee, as reviewed
        and approved by the 2021 first extraordinary general meeting held on 8 October 2021 and elected
        at the staff representatives’ meeting, the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee is currently
        composed of Chen Tian, Cao Xiandong, Huang Cheng, Shi Lei (staff representative supervisor),
        Wang Lu (staff representative supervisor) and Huang Zhuo (staff representative supervisor), with
        a vacancy of one supervisor. The term of office of this session of the Supervisory Committee will
        expire on 8 October 2024.



  II.   BASIC EVALUATION OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE BOARD
        AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT IN 2021
        The Supervisory Committee was of the view that the Board duly performed its operation in strict
        compliance with the requirements under the laws and regulations including the Company Law,
        the Articles of Association, the Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules etc. during the reporting
        period. During the reporting period, the Company made concerted efforts to always maintain
        composure strategically, and made every effort to overcome the impacts and challenges led by
        chip shortage, rising raw materials price and repeated pandemic, which brought about steady
        growth in production and sales volume throughout the year; meanwhile, through product structure
        adjustment, cost control enhancement and other measures, steady improvement of operating
        efficiency was achieved.




100
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2021




                           REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



   During the reporting period, the major business decision-making procedures of the Company were
   legitimate and effective. The directors and senior management of the Company duly performed
   their duties seriously, proactively and normatively as well as in accordance with the PRC laws,
   regulations, the Articles of Association and resolutions of the general meeting and of the Board.
   The Supervisory Committee had not found any acts of directors and senior management being
   in breach of laws and regulations and the Articles of Association or against the interests of the
   Company and the shareholders.



III. MEETINGS OF SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE CONVENED
   During the reporting period, the supervisory committee of the Company convened 9 supervisory
   meetings with the details as follows:


   1.    The 23rd meeting of the 5th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 25 March
         2021, at which the following resolutions were considered and approved:


         (1)    Resolution in respect of the annual report and its summary of 2020;


         (2)    Resolution in respect of the supervisory committee report of 2020;


         (3)    Resolution in respect of the financial report of 2020;


         (4)    Resolution in respect of the profit distribution plan of 2020;


         (5)    Resolution in respect of the self-evaluation report on internal control of 2020;


         (6)    Resolution in respect of internal control audit report of 2020;


         (7)    Resolution in respect of the report of deposit and the actual utilisation of proceeds
                from fund-raising activities;


         (8)    Resolution in respect of the appointment of auditors of 2021;


         (9)    Resolution in respect of the appointment of internal control auditors of 2021;


         (10)   Resolution in respect of the 2020 Annual Risk Management Work Report and the 2021
                Work Plan;


         (11)   Resolution in respect of 2020 Annual Compliance Management Work Report and 2021
                Work Plan.




                                                                                                               101
  REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



      2.   The 24th meeting of the 5th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 29 April 2021,
           at which the resolution in respect of the first quarterly report of 2021 was considered and
           approved.


      3.   The 25th meeting of the 5th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 26 May 2021,
           at which the resolution in respect of the adjustment on exercise price of share option and
           repurchase price of restricted shares was considered and approved.


      4.   The 26th meeting of the 5th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 30 August 2021,
           at which the following resolutions were considered and approved:


           (1)   Resolution in respect of the interim report of 2021;


           (2)   Resolution in respect of the profit distribution plan for the interim period of 2021;


           (3)   Resolution in respect of the report of deposit and utilisation of proceeds from fund-
                 raising activities for the first half of 2021.


      5.   The 27th meeting of the 5th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 13 September
           2021, at which the resolution in respect of the adjustment on exercise price of share option
           and repurchase price of restricted shares was considered and approved.


      6.   The 28th meeting of the 5th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 16 September
           2021, at which the resolution in respect of the election of new session of the supervisory
           committee of the Company was considered and approved.


      7.   The 1st meeting of the 6th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 8 October 2021, at
           which the resolution in relation to the election of the tentative convener of the supervisory
           committee was considered and approved.


      8.   The 2nd meeting of the 6th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 29 October 2021,
           at which the resolution in respect of the third quarterly report of 2021 was considered and
           approved.


      9.   The 3rd meeting of the 6th session of Supervisory Committee was held on 14 December
           2021, at which the resolution in respect of cancellation of share options for the third exercise
           period of initial grant and the second and third exercise periods of reserved options under
           the Second Share Option Scheme was considered and approved.




102
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2021




                         REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



IV. INDEPENDENT OPINIONS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
    ON THE OPERATION OF THE COMPANY

   1.   Operation of the Company in Accordance with Law
        During the reporting period, the various work of the Board and senior management of the
        Company were in compliance with the relevant requirements of the Company Law, the
        Securities Law, the Listing Rules, the SSE Listing Rules, the Articles of Association, the Rules
        of Procedures of the Three Committees and the relevant provisions of various internal control
        systems etc., and the decision-making procedures were legitimate and effective. Directors
        and senior management of the Company performed in a diligent and responsible manner
        and the resolutions of the general meetings and the Board meetings were implemented
        faithfully. No acts were found to be in breach of laws and regulations, the Articles of
        Association and against the interests of the Company. Meanwhile, the Company has timely
        performed its disclosure obligations in strict compliance with the requirements of the Listing
        Rules and the SSE Listing Rules. During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee has
        reviewed and given opinions in relation to the share option incentive schemes.



   2.   Internal Control and Risk Management
        Pursuant to the relevant requirements, the Company consistently carried out its self-
        assessment on comprehensive risk management and internal control. During the reporting
        period, the Company continued to strengthen the implementation of internal control,
        enhance the supervision and inspection on internal control by the internal audit team, and
        make targeted internal control diagnosis and improvement in high-risk sectors and fields
        of business management. At he same time, the Company closely tracked key risk areas by
        conducting risk interviews, risk research and industry benchmarking, so as to improve the
        accuracy of risk assessment and formulate targeted risk management measures to enhance
        the level of prevention and response to different types of risks and challenges, and ensure
        the realisation of corporate objectives.

        Evaluation Report on Internal Control of the Company for 2021 comprehensively, truthfully,
        accurately and objectively reflects the construction and operation of the internal control
        system.



   3.   Financial Conditions of the Company
        The Supervisory Committee examined the financial conditions of the Company seriously and
        carefully and reviewed the 2020 annual financial report and the first quarterly report, interim
        report and the third quarterly report of 2021 during the reporting period, and considered the
        profit distribution plan implemented by the Company during the reporting period.

        The Supervisory Committee considered that the Company has a sound financial system,
        standardised financial operations, and healthy financial status; the financial reports of the
        Company gave a full, true and objective view of the operation results and financial conditions
        of the Company, persons participating in the preparation and examination of the annual
        report were not found to have acted in breach of the rules of confidentiality; the audit report
        with unqualified opinions issued by the auditing firm was objective and fair.

                                                                                                            103
  REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



      4.    Utilisation and Management of Proceeds
            The Supervisory Committee inspected the utilisation and management of proceeds of the
            Company during the reporting period and was of the opinion that: the Company’s proceeds
            were strictly in compliance with the SSE Listing Rules, the Administrative Measures for Funds
            Raised by Companies Listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Articles of Association
            and Measures for the Management of Proceeds of the Company. There were no violations
            regarding the Company’s management of proceeds. Proceeds were deposited in designated
            accounts and were used for designated projects, and there were no changes to the use of
            proceeds. There were no circumstances in which the interests of the shareholders had been
            damaged, and there were no violations regarding the Company’s use of proceeds.



      5.    Related-Party Transactions
            The Supervisory Committee reviewed and audited the report of related-party transactions
            of the year. The Supervisory Committee considered that the Company had strictly abided
            by the relevant provisions of the A shares and H shares listing rules and the Articles
            of Association. The Supervisory Committee also considered that the procedures of the
            transactions were legal and transaction prices were fair and reasonable and was not aware of
            any circumstances which were prejudicial to the interests of the Company and the small-and
            medium-sized and minority shareholders.



  V. WORKING PLAN
      In 2022, the Supervisory Committee will continue to proactively perform its supervisory
      responsibilities under the laws, the listing rules of Hong Kong and China and the Articles of
      Association. On the basis of corporate governance and focusing on financial supervision and risk
      prevention, the Supervisory Committee will strengthen the follow-up of key projects and continue
      to pay attention to the Company’s business development, promote construction and perfection of
      the internal control and comprehensive risk system of the Company, and implement supervisory
      functions of the Supervisory Committee; strictly implement the “Rules of Procedures of the
      Supervisory Committee”, organise and convene work meetings of the Supervisory Committee on a
      regular basis, attend the general meetings of shareholders, Board meetings and other important
      meetings of the Company according to law and be timely informed of and supervise the legality
      of the major decisions and decision-making procedures of the Company in order to safeguard
      the legitimate interests of shareholders, staff members and the Company, faithfully and diligently
      perform supervisory duties, strive to excel in every task, further promote the overall improvement of
      corporate governance of the Company, and facilitate the high-quality and sustainable development
      of the Company.




104
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021



 Chapter 7

 ENVIRONMENTAL AND
 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
I.    ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
      The Company and every enterprise strictly abided by environmental protection laws and
      regulations, and actively took measures to implement the concept of environmental protection
      and green development in order to build a green, low-carbon and environmentally-friendly
      environment.


      (1)   In the field of products, more energy-saving and new energy vehicle models were launched,
            considerably reducing fuel consumption and exhaust emissions per vehicle;


      (2)   In the field of production, the Company continued to increase investment in construction
            of environmental protection, adopted greener and more energy-efficient facilities, and
            introduced more advanced technologies to reduce energy consumption;


      (3)   In the field of energy, various enterprises developed solar power generation with tremendous
            efforts through proactively making use of resources in our factories so as to boost the “green
            electricity” share in the production link;


      (4)   In the field of supply chain, the Company put forward requirements for environmental
            protection, energy conservation and emission reduction towards suppliers of the whole
            supply chain, and included them into evaluation;


      (5)   In the field of public and employees, the Company actively carried out various advertising
            activities for environmental protection and pollution control in order to raise environmental
            protection awareness and bulid a green homeland together.


      For details about the policies and measures on the environmental protection of the Group, please
      refer to the full text of the “2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report” disclosed on the
      website of the Stock Exchange on 31 March 2022.



II.   FULFILLMENT OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
      With the goal of “developing into a public company trusted by the society”, the Group always
      advocates green culture, builds a green supply chain, develops green offices, realises sustainable
      development and actively performs social responsibility. For details about the fulfillment of social
      responsibilities by the Group, please refer to the full text of the “2021 Social Responsibilities Report”
      disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange (in form of overseas regulatory announcement) on
      30 March 2022.




                                                                                                                   105
  ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



  III. DETAILS ON PERFORMANCE OF CONSOLIDATION OF ANTI-
       POVERTY ACHIEVEMENTS AND RURAL REVITALIZATION
      During the reporting period, the Group firmly implemented the decisions and deployments of
      the central, provincial and municipal government to consolidate and extend the achievements of
      poverty alleviation to effectively connect with rural revitalization, vigorously propelled industry aid,
      education aid, consumption aid and employment aid, so as to strengthen the weakness of people’s
      wellbeing, develop engineering benefit for people, stimulate endogenous motivation and establish
      a layout of “all-round aids” with GAC characteristics.



      1.    Successful Fulfillment of the Poverty Alleviation Task
            The Group conducted targeted poverty alleviation in Lianyi Village, Baishi Village and
            Silian Village in Jiubei Town, Lianzhou City, Qingyuan. After poverty alleviation, the Group
            successfully fulfilled the poverty alleviation task in 2021. All 3 poverty-stricken villages for
            229 poverty-stricken households with a total of 581 poverty-stricken people have overcome
            poverty with disposable income per capita of over RMB20,000, whilst the village collective
            income have exceeded RMB300,000. The Group has completed files arrangement for
            poverty alleviation and handled the handover with the new village support team; convened
            a summary commendation for poverty alleviation and a deployment meeting for rural
            revitalization in the GAC Group to praise advanced collectives and individuals and deploy its
            rural revitalization.



      2.    Deep Involvement in Eastern and Western Coordination
            In 2021, the Group volunteered to dispatch 1 cadre, and input the support fund of
            RMB3,770,000 to participate in assistance pairing activities for 1 country and 10 villages in
            Nayong County, Bijie City, of which 1,030 poverty-stricken households with a total of 5,095
            poverty-stricken people have overcome poverty. Through implementing the program
            “Guangdong Technician”, the Group jointly opened the intensive “GAC class” with Bijie
            Vocational and Technical College and Taijiang County Secondary Vocational School,
            Qiandongnan City, and recruited professional technical personnel with directed education for
            automobile industry of 4 classes with a total of 146 students. The Group initiated a support
            program for rural revitalization in Kudongguan Township, Nayong County – Wooden Comb
            Miao Village in Lizi Village, so as to develop a rural revitalization demonstration point with
            eastern and western coordination. The Group expanded its coordination field to establish
            a GAC industrial base in the plateau full of fragrance, and implemented the program
            “Automobiles Full of Fragrance and Love” to drive the development of fragrance industry
            in Bijie City. The Group propelled the consumption aid with tremendous efforts through
            “Qian products out of villages”, and boosted the “GAC Project for Education Dream” through
            setting up funds and carrying out special funding for education oriented towards orphans
            and children in difficulty.


106
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2021




              ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



3.   Active Participation in Rural Revitalization
     According to the decisions and deployments of the provincial and municipal government,
     the Group participated in assistance pairing activities in Dongshi Town, Pingyuan County,
     Meizhou associated with the Culture, Radio, Television and Tourism Bureau, Sports Bureau
     and Statistics Bureau in Guangzhou. In accordance with the requirements of “industrial
     revitalization, talent revitalization, cultural revitalization, ecological revitalization, and
     organizational revitalization”, the Group made solid progress on rural revitalization in
     provinces and cities, and schemed a support programme through selecting outstanding
     cadres, surrounding the main task and actively mating operation with poverty-stricken areas
     and planning design teams. At the same time, the Group continued to implement assistance
     work in Aotou Town, Conghua District, Guangzhou City and rural revitalization.



4.   Support of the Development and Revitalization of Eastern
     Guangdong and Northwest China
     The Group proactively advanced industrial assistance work in eastern Guangdong and
     Meizhou, and increased the introduction of significant and high-quality projects and
     investment implementation. 14 enterprises were successfully introduced, whilst the
     accumulated investment of approximately RMB1,020 million was completed. It is expected
     that the annual operating income will amount to RMB760 million, whereas the annual tax
     revenue will be RMB17.13 million, with 1,084 job vacancies created.


     Next step, the Group will make great efforts to the new assistance task for rural revitalization
     and make sure of its work programme and implementation, deepen eastern and western
     coordination to continuously advance the construction of “GAC class” and the rural
     revitalization demonstration point in Lizi Village, and continue to devote greater efforts
     to consumption aid for the purpose of integrating and optimizing agricultural product
     resources in poverty-stricken areas. The Group will continue to develop and propel industrial
     assistance items in Meizhou, Guangdong and Xinjiang in order to support the development
     and revitalization of eastern Guangdong and Northwest China. Through the proposal of
     “Support of rural revitalization by forestry carbon sequestration” to the National People’s
     Congress by Zeng Qinghong, the party secretary of the Group and delegate of the National
     People’s Congress, the Group will innovate the rural revitalization style and combine with the
     development situation of “Double Carbon”, so as to help people that have shaken off poverty
     towards overall revitalization and common prosperity.




                                                                                                         107
      Chapter 8

  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
  I.   PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS

       (I)   THE UNDERTAKINGS BY THE ULTIMATE CONTROLLERS, SHAREHOLDERS,
             RELATED PARTIES, PURCHASERS OF THE COMPANY, THE COMPANY
             AND OTHER RELEVANT PARTIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD OR
             SUBSISTING DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                                                                                                     Whether
                                                                                                                                                         Is there a fulfilled
             Background                Type of                                                                                        Time and period of fulfillment strictly in
             of undertakings           undertakings Undertaker Contents of undertakings                                               undertaking        time limit time

             Other commitments to      Dividends   The Group   Provided that the profit and cash of the Company is sufficient for the 2021-2023          Yes           Yes
                the medium and small                           continuous operation and long term development of the Company, the
                shareholders of the                            profit distributed in cash in each of the years between 2021 and 2023 shall
                Company                                        be no less than 10% of the distributable profit realised in such year, whereas
                                                               the cumulative profit distributed in cash for the three consecutive years shall
                                                               be no less than 30% of the average distributable profits realised in these
                                                               three years. Articles of Association: Profit distributed in cash shall be no less
                                                               than 10% of the distributable profit realised in such year.




108
                                                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




                                                                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                                                                                                                             Whether
                                                                                                                                                 Is there a fulfilled
Background          Type of                                                                                                   Time and period of fulfillment strictly in
of undertakings     undertakings Undertaker Contents of undertakings                                                          undertaking        time limit time

Other commitments   Non-        GAIG        (1) Directly or indirectly do or participate in (or assist in doing or participating Long-term       Yes           Yes
                    competition             in) any business or activities which compete or may compete with the
                                            principal business of the Company in any manner (including but not limited
                                            to investment, merger and acquisition, forming associates, joint venture,
                                            cooperation, partnership, trust, underwriting, operating lease, acquisition
                                            of equity or joint stock), whether solely or jointly with other parties, in
                                            the PRC or overseas; (2) support any person other than promoters of the
                                            Company or subsidiaries of the promoters to do or participate in any
                                            business which competes or may compete with the principal business of
                                            the Company in any manner in the PRC or overseas; (3) intervene in any
                                            business or activities which compete or may compete with the principal
                                            business of the Company by other means (whether directly or indirectly),
                                            provided that the above undertaking shall not be applicable where GAIG
                                            or its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) acquire or
                                            hold for investment purpose not more than 5% interest in other company
                                            listed on an internationally recognised stock exchange whose principal
                                            business competes or may compete with the principal business of the
                                            Company; or where GAIG or its subsidiaries or investee company hold not
                                            more than 5% interest in a third party whose principal business competes
                                            or may compete with the principal business of the Company as a result of
                                            the debt restructuring of third parties; (4) if GAIG or its subsidiaries (other
                                            than the Company and its subsidiaries) come across any new business
                                            opportunity which competes or may compete with the principal business
                                            of the Company, it shall immediately inform the Company in writing, and
                                            shall use its best endeavours to procure such business opportunity be
                                            first offered to the Company or its subsidiaries on fair and reasonable
                                            terms and conditions. The Company shall, within 30 days from receiving
                                            the aforesaid notification, notify GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the
                                            Company and its subsidiaries) in writing whether or not the Company or
                                            its subsidiaries intend to take up the aforesaid business opportunity. Upon
                                            receiving notification from the Company that it intends to take up such
                                            opportunity, GAIG or its subsidiaries shall refer such business opportunity to
                                            the Company or its subsidiaries; (5) if the Company or its subsidiaries decide
                                            not to take up such business opportunities for any reason, upon receiving
                                            notification from the Company of such intention or the Company fails to
                                            respond in writing to GAIG or its subsidiaries within the said 30-day period,
                                            GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) may
                                            operate such new business on its own; (6) in the future, when GAIG or its
                                            subsidiaries (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) operate such new
                                            business which competes or may compete with the principal business of
                                            the Company pursuant to paragraph (5) above, or due to adjustments in
                                            national policies or other force majeure or unexpected events, such that
                                            competition in the same business occurs or becomes inevitable, GAIG or
                                            its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) shall offer an
                                            option to the Company or its subsidiaries, pursuant to which the Company
                                            or its subsidiaries shall have the right to acquire any equity, asset and
                                            other interest in the competing business from GAIG or its subsidiaries in
                                            accordance with statutory processes in one or multiple tranches, or the
                                            Company or its subsidiaries may elect to operate assets or businesses in
                                            the competing business by way of entrusted operation, operating lease or
                                            underwriting operation in accordance with statutory processes, provided
                                            that the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and the listing rules of
                                            the relevant stock exchange then in force are complied with.                                                                   109
      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



            (II)   EXPLANATION ON WHETHER THE COMPANY HAS ACHIEVED ITS
                   PROFIT FORECAST IN RELATION TO ASSETS OR PROJECTS, IF THERE
                   IS ANY PROFIT FORECAST IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S ASSETS
                   OR PROJECTS, AND THE REPORTING PERIOD IS WITHIN THE PROFIT
                   FORECAST PERIOD
                   □ Met   □ Unmet   3 N/A



      II.   APPROPRIATION OF FUNDS OF THE COMPANY BY THE
            CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND OTHER RELATED PARTIES
            FOR NON-OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES DURING THE REPORTING
            PERIOD
            □ Applicable   3 N/A



      III. ILLEGAL GUARANTEE
            □ Applicable   3 N/A




110
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2021




                                                                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



IV. APPOINTMENT OR DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTANTS
                                                                          Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                                Currently appointed

   Name of domestic accounting firm                      ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP
   Remuneration of domestic accounting firm                                                     950,000
   Audit years of domestic accounting firm                                                               1
   Name of overseas accounting firm                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers
   Remuneration of overseas accounting firm                                                    3,100,000
   Audit years of overseas accounting firm                                                              11



                                       Name                                             Remuneration

   Internal control auditor            ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP               380,000
   Financial advisor
   Sponsor



   EXPLANATION ON APPOINTMENT AND DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS
   As considered and approved at the 61st meeting of the 5th session of the Board, the 23rd meeting of
   the 5th session of the Supervisory Committee and the 2020 annual general meeting of the Company,
   the Company appointed ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers
   as auditors of the Company for the year 2021.


   CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING FIRM DURING THE AUDITING PERIOD
   □ Applicable   3 N/A




                                                                                                               111
      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      V.   DESCRIPTION OF RISKS OF DELISTING
           □ Applicable   3 N/A



      VI. MATTERS RELATING TO INSOLVENCY OR RESTRUCTURING
           □ Applicable   3 N/A



      VII. MATERIAL LITIGATIONS AND ARBITRATIONS
           The Company had no material litigation and arbitration during the year.



      VIII. PUNISHMENT ON THE COMPANY AND ITS DIRECTORS,
            SUPERVISORS,    SENIOR  MANAGEMENT,    CONTROLLING
            SHAREHOLDERS AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLERS AND RELEVANT
            RECTIFICATIONS FOR SUSPECTED VIOLATION OF LAWS AND
            REGULATIONS
           □ Applicable   3 N/A



      IX. DESCRIPTION OF INTEGRITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
          SHAREHOLDERS AND ACTUAL CONTROLLERS DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD
           □ Applicable   3 N/A



      X.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP SCHEME
           OR OTHER STAFF INCENTIVES OF THE COMPANY AND THEIR
           IMPACTS

           A-SHARE OPTION
           A-share option represents the right granted to a participant by the Company to acquire certain number
           of A shares of the Company at a pre-determined price and conditions within a particular period of
           time. The source of the underlying shares shall be the ordinary A shares to be issued by the Company
           to the participants.




112
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2021




                                                                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



RESTRICTED SHARES
Restricted shares represent a certain number of A shares of the Company granted to the participants
by the Company under the conditions and at the price as stipulated in the incentive scheme, which
are subject to the lock-up period and can only be unlocked for trading when the unlocking conditions
under the incentive scheme are satisfied. The source of the underlying shares shall be the ordinary A
shares to be issued by the Company to the participants.



(I)   2017 SECOND A SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME (THE “2017
      INCENTIVE SCHEME”)
      1.    Objective
            In order to further refine the corporate governance structure of the Company, facilitate the
            establishment and improvement of incentive systems of the Company, fully mobilise the
            enthusiasm, sense of responsibility and sense of mission of the directors, senior management
            and other key personnel in core technology, business and management of the Company,
            and effectively bond the interests of shareholders, the Company and individual operators,
            making all parties to attend to and jointly strive for the long-term development of the
            Company, the 2017 Incentive Scheme was formulated by the Company and passed at the
            2017 second extraordinary general meeting and the 2017 first class meetings for holders
            of A and H shares of the Company held on 18 December 2017.


      2.    Scheme Participants
            The participants under the initial grant pursuant to the 2017 Incentive Scheme include the
            directors (excluding independent directors), senior management and other management
            personnel and core technical (business) key personnel of the Company having direct impact
            on the operation results and development of the Company. Participants eligible for the
            grant of reserved options include core talents of the Company’s new energy and intelligent
            network business or other management and technical personnel having significant impact
            on the Company’s operation and development, who should be introduced or promoted. The
            aforesaid personnel were considered and approved by the Board and confirmed within 12
            months after consideration and approval of the 2017 Incentive Scheme at the shareholders’
            meetings and did not duplicate with any participant under the initial grant.




                                                                                                                113
      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



           3.   Number of Granted Options and Exercise Price
                On 18 December 2017, the Company granted a total of 403,335,400 A share options to 2,358
                participants under the initial grant, with the exercise price of RMB28.40 per share, which
                was determined with reference to the highest of the following and shall not be less than the
                nominal value of A Share: (1) the closing price of the A shares of the Company on the last
                trading day immediately preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 30 October
                2017); (2) the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the last trading day
                immediately preceding the date of the proposal announcement; (3) the average closing
                price of the A shares of the Company for the last 30 trading days immediately preceding
                the date of the proposal announcement; and (4) one of the average trading prices of the
                A shares of the Company for the last 20, 60 or 120 trading days immediately preceding
                the date of the proposal announcement. The closing price of the A shares of the Company
                immediately prior to the date of initial grant was RMB24.06 per share.


                On 17 December 2018, the Company completed the grant of reserved share options for 2017
                Incentive Scheme, which granted a total of 62,336,900 A share options to 457 participants,
                with the exercise price of RMB10.61 per share, which was determined with reference to
                the highest of the following and shall not be less than the nominal value of A share: (1) the
                closing price of the A shares of the Company on the last trading day immediately preceding
                the date of the Board resolutions announcement for approving the relevant grant of
                reserved share options; (2) the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the
                last trading day immediately preceding the date of the Board resolutions announcement;
                (3) the average closing price of the A shares of the Company for the last 30 trading days
                immediately preceding the date of the Board resolutions announcement; and (4) one of
                the average trading prices of the A shares of the Company for the last 20, 60 or 120 trading
                days immediately preceding the date of the Board resolutions announcement. The closing
                price of the A shares of the Company immediately prior to the date of grant of reserved
                share options was RMB10.49 per share.


                The exercise price would be adjusted in accordance with the relevant requirements under
                the 2017 Incentive Scheme in the event of conversion of capital reserve into shares, bonus
                issue, subdivision, right issue or consolidation of shares of the Company which had taken
                place prior to any exercise. Since the implementation of the 2017 Incentive Scheme, the
                exercise price has been adjusted according to the final profit distribution plans and the
                interim profit distribution plans over the years. The details of the exercise price adjustment
                during the reporting period are as follows:




114
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2021




                                                           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     •     Since 8 June 2021, as a result of the implementation of the final profit distribution
           plan for 2020, the exercise price of the initial grant and the reserved share options
           of the 2017 Incentive Scheme was adjusted to RMB19.22/A share and RMB9.95/A
           share correspondingly. For details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting
           the Exercise Price of the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price”
           (Announcement No.: Lin 2021-034) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock
           Exchange on 26 May 2021.


     •     Since 22 September 2021, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
           distribution plan for 2021, the exercise price of the initial grant and the reserved
           share options of the 2017 Incentive Scheme was adjusted to RMB19.17/A share and
           RMB9.90/A share correspondingly. For details, please refer to the “Announcement on
           Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase
           Price” (Announcement No. Lin 2021-066) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the
           Stock Exchange on 13 September 2021.


     Within any 12-month period, the aggregate number of shares issued and to be issued
     by the exercise of the share options (including exercised and unexercised share options)
     granted to each incentive participant through all valid incentive plans of the Company shall
     not exceed 1% of the total A share capital of the Company from time to time. No amount
     is payable by the participants on application or acceptance of the A share options under
     the 2017 Incentive Scheme.


4.   Validity period, vesting period and exercise period
     The 2017 Incentive Scheme lasts for 6 years and is effective until December 2023 with
     remaining life of approximately one year and seven months. The vesting period was 24
     months. After the vesting period, if the exercise conditions stipulated in the scheme are
     met, the incentive participants shall exercise the option in installments within the next 36
     months. The participants shall complete the exercise of share options within the validity
     period. If the conditions of exercise are not fulfilled, the A share options for that period
     shall not be exercised. If the conditions of exercise are fulfilled but not all of the relevant
     A share options for that period have been exercised, such portion of the A share options
     shall lapse automatically and shall be cancelled by the Company.




                                                                                                           115
      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



              The exercise arrangements in each stage of the A share options under initial grant are as
              follows:


              Exercise                                                                           Exercise
              arrangement           Exercise period                                           proportion

              First exercise        Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the            1/3
                                      24-month period from the date of initial grant and
                                      ending on the last trading day of the 36-month period
                                      from the date of initial grant


              Second exercise       Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the            1/3
                                      36-month period from the date of initial grant and
                                      ending on the last trading day of the 48-month period
                                      from the date of initial grant


              Third exercise        Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the            1/3
                                      48-month period from the date of initial grant and
                                      ending on the last trading day of the 60-month period
                                      from the date of initial grant



              The first exercise period for the initial grant was from 18 December 2019 to 17 December
              2020, during which no option was exercised. The second exercise period for the initial grant
              was from 18 December 2020 to 17 December 2021, options were canelled according to the
              rules as the performance conditions had not been satisfied. As the performance conditions
              stipulated in the 2017 Incentive Scheme had not been satisfied, all of the options exercisable
              in the third exercise period for the initial grant have been cancelled in December 2021.




116
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




                                                        SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The exercise arrangements in each stage of the reserved A share options granted are as
follows:


Exercise                                                                                Exercise
arrangement           Exercise period                                                proportion

First exercise        Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the                   1/3
                        24-month period from the date of grant of reserved
                        share options and ending on the last trading day of the
                        36-month period from the date of grant


Second exercise       Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the                   1/3
                        36-month period from the date of grant of reserved
                        share options and ending on the last trading day of the
                        48-month period from the date of grant


Third exercise        Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the                   1/3
                        48-month period from the date of grant of reserved
                        share options and ending on the last trading day of the
                        60-month period from the date of grant



The first exercise period of the reserved share options was from 17 December 2020 to
16 December 2021. During the reporting period, a total of 8,130,265 options have been
exercised, and a total of 17,795,352 options have been exercised in the whole exercise period.


As the performance conditions stipulated in the 2017 Incentive Scheme had not been
satisfied, all of the options exercisable in the second and third exercise periods of reserved
options have been cancelled in December 2021.


The total issuable securities under the 2017 Incentive Scheme was 0.




                                                                                                        117
      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



        (II)   2020 A SHARE OPTION AND RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
               (THE “2020 INCENTIVE SCHEME”)
               1.   Objective
                    In order to further establish and improve the long-term incentive mechanism of the
                    Company, attract and retain talented individuals, fully mobilise the enthusiasm of the
                    directors, senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact
                    on the Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel
                    of the Company, and effectively bond the interests of the shareholders, the Company
                    and individuals of core teams together, making all parties to attend to the long-term
                    development of the Company, on the premise of fully protecting the interests of the
                    shareholders and on the principle of income equivalent to contribution, the 2020 Incentive
                    Scheme was formulated by the Company and passed at the 2020 second extraordinary
                    general meeting and the 2020 first class meetings for holders of A and H shares of the
                    Company held on 13 November 2020.


               2.   Scheme Participants
                    The participants under the 2020 Incentive Scheme shall be the directors, senior
                    management, other management personnel who has a direct impact on the Company’s
                    operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of the Company.


               3.   Number of Granted Options and Restricted Shares and Exercise Price
                    A total of 102,101,330 A share options and 102,101,330 restricted shares were granted to 2,872
                    participants on 4 December 2020, and the exercise price was RMB9.98 per share, which
                    was determined with reference to the highest of the following and shall not be lower than
                    the nominal amount of the A shares: (1) the average trading price of the A shares of the
                    Company on the trading day preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 24
                    September 2020) which is RMB9.91; and (2) one of the average trading prices of the A shares
                    of the Company for 20 trading days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the
                    date of the proposal announcement. The grant price of the restricted shares was RMB4.99
                    per share. The closing price of the Company’s A shares on the day immediately preceding
                    the date of grant of 2020 Incentive Scheme was RMB13.29 per share.




118
                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2021




                                                          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     The details of the exercise price adjustment since the implementation of the 2020 Incentive
     Scheme are as follows:


     •     Since 8 June 2021, as a result of the implementation of the final profit distribution
           plan for 2020, the exercise price of share options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme
           was adjusted to RMB9.83/A share accordingly. For details, please refer to the
           “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share Option and Restricted
           Share Repurchase Price” (Announcement No.: Lin 2021-034) disclosed on the websites
           of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 26 May 2021.


     •     Since 22 September 2021, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
           distribution plan for 2021, the exercise price of the 2020 Incentive Scheme was adjusted
           to RMB9.78/A share correspondingly. For details, please refer to the “Announcement
           on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase
           Price” (Announcement No.: Lin 2021-066) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the
           Stock Exchange on 13 September 2021.


     Within any 12-month period, the aggregate number of share options to be granted to each
     above participant under all effective share option incentive schemes of the Company and
     held throughout the validity period does not exceed 1% of the total A share capital of the
     Company. No amount is payable by the participants on application or acceptance of the
     A share options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme.


4.   Validity period, vesting period and exercise period
     The 2020 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the share options
     have been granted and registered, and end on the date on which all the share options
     granted to the participants have been exercised or cancelled, which shall not exceed 60
     months until December 2025 with remaining life of approximately three years and eight
     months. The vesting period was 24 months, 36 months, 48 months from the date on which
     the share options were granted and registered.


     The total number of securities issuable under the 2020 Incentive Scheme was 102,101,330
     shares, representing 0.98% of the total issued shares of the Company as the date of this
     annual report.




                                                                                                          119
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          The arrangements of exercise period and each period of exercise time for the share options
          are as follows:


                                                                                           Exercisable
          Exercise arrangement         Exercise period                                     Proportion

          First exercise period        Commencing from the first trading day after                40%
                                         expiry of the 24-month period from the date of
                                         completion of registration of the share options
                                         and ending on the last trading day of the
                                         36-month period from the date of completion
                                         of registration of the share options


          Second exercise period       Commencing from the first trading day after                30%
                                         expiry of the 36-month period from the date of
                                         completion of registration of the share options
                                         and ending on the last trading day of the
                                         48-month period from the date of completion
                                         of registration of the share options


          Third exercise period        Commencing from the first trading day after                30%
                                         expiry of the 48-month period from the date of
                                         completion of registration of the share options
                                         and ending on the last trading day of the
                                         60-month period from the date of completion
                                         of registration of the share options



          The participants shall complete the exercise of the share options within the validity period.
          If the exercise conditions are not satisfied, the A share options for the corresponding period
          shall not be exercised. If the exercise conditions are satisfied but not all of the relevant
          A share options for that period have been exercised, the remaining A share options shall
          lapse automatically and shall be cancelled by the Company.




120
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




                                                        SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The unlocking periods and unlocking schedule for the restricted shares are as follows:


                                                                                      Unlocking
Unlocking arrangement       Unlocking period                                         proportion

First unlocking period      Commencing from the first trading day after                       40%
                              expiry of the 24-month period from the date
                              of completion of registration of the restricted
                              shares and ending on the last trading day of the
                              36-month period from the date of completion of
                              registration of the restricted shares


Second unlocking period     Commencing from the first trading day after                       30%
                              expiry of the 36-month period from the date
                              of completion of registration of the restricted
                              shares and ending on the last trading day of the
                              48-month period from the date of completion of
                              registration of the restricted shares


Third unlocking period      Commencing from the first trading day after                       30%
                              expiry of the 48-month period from the date
                              of completion of registration of the restricted
                              shares and ending on the last trading day of the
                              60-month period from the date of completion of
                              registration of the restricted shares



For restricted shares that unlocking has not been applied for or unlocking cannot be
applied for due to failure to meet the unlocking conditions during the unlocking periods,
the Company will repurchase and cancel such restricted shares in accordance with the
principles of the 2020 Incentive Scheme.


The shares obtained by the participants by way of grant of the restricted shares arising
from capitalisation issue, bonus issue and share subdivision shall be subject to locking, and
shall not be sold in the secondary market or otherwise transferred. The unlocking periods of
such shares are the same as that of the restricted shares. If the Company repurchases the
restricted shares that are yet to be unlocked, such shares shall be repurchased altogether.




                                                                                                        121
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          Relevant information regarding the abovementioned incentive schemes is set out in note
          23 to the consolidated financial statements. The calculation of the value of A share option
          is based on various assumptions of the parameters used in note 23 to the consolidated
          financial statements and there are limitations in the models adopted. Therefore, the
          calculated value of A share option may be subjective and subject to uncertainties.


          For details of A share options granted to directors and senior management, please refer
          to the paragraph titled “III. Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, and Senior Management – (I)
          Particulars About Changes in the Shareholding and Remuneration of Incumbent and
          Resigned Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management During the Reporting Period”
          under Chapter 4–“Corporate Governance” of this report. Details of A share options granted
          to other participants are set out in the following table:


                                                                                                                                                        Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                                                            average
                                                                                                          Shares                                        closing price
                                                                  Number       Number                     issued                                        immediately
                                                                of A share      of new      Number         upon                                           before the         Number
                                                                   options     A share    of A share    exercise                             Exercise       dates on       of A share
                                                                held at the    options      options    of A share                            price of     which the          options
                                                                beginning      granted exercisable       options Number of A share           A share         A share held at the
                                                                     of the during the during the during the options lapsed/                 options options were end of the
                                                                 reporting    reporting   reporting    reporting cancelled during the         (Yuan)       exercised       reporting
          Name        Position                                      period      period       period       period reporting period            (Note 3)         (Yuan)          period

          2017 Incentive Scheme (initial grant)
          /           Middle level and other core businesses, 168,950,844             0 168,950,844            0 lapsed: 0                      19.17         N/A(note4)           0
                         technical and management key                                                               cancelled: 168,950,844
                         personnel (2,130 people in total)
          2017 Incentive Scheme (reserved grant)
          /           Middle level and other core businesses,    44,018,173           0    8,183,763    8,130,265 lapsed: 53,498                 9.90           14.37              0
                         technical and management key                                                               cancelled: 35,834,410
                         personnel (391 people in total)
          2020 Incentive Scheme
          /           Middle level and other core businesses, 102,101,330             0           0            0 lapsed: 0                       9.78         N/A(note4) 102,101,330
                         technical and management key                                                               cancelled: 0
                         personnel (2,863 people in total)




122
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2021




                                                                                  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



              Notes:


              1.       All participants must be employed by the Company pursuant to employment contracts during the appraisal
                       period of the 2017 Incentive Scheme or the 2020 Incentive Scheme (as the case may be) and no participants
                       are retired staff re-employed by the Company. The above participants do not include substantial shareholders
                       or controllers of the Company who individually or jointly hold 5% or more of the shares, or their spouse,
                       parents or children.


              2.       The aggregate number of share options to be granted to any of the above participants within any 12 months
                       under all effective share option incentive schemes of the Company and held throughout the validity period
                       does not exceed 1% of the total A share capital of the Company.


              3.       During the reporting period, corresponding adjustments were made to the exercise prices of the A share
                       options in accordance with the Company’s profit distribution plan (please refer to the previous paragraphs
                       on pages 115 and 119 for details in relation to the respective exercise price adjustments of each incentive
                       scheme).


              4.       As the performance conditions stipulated in the 2017 Incentive Scheme had not been satisfied, options
                       exercisable in the third exercise period for the initial grant of the 2017 Incentive Scheme and in the second
                       and third exercise periods of reserved options have been cancelled in December 2021; During the reporting
                       period, the 2020 Incentive Scheme has not yet commenced to exercise and unlock.



XI. MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
   1.   Certain categories of related party transactions as disclosed in note 41 to the consolidated financial
        statements, including (i) sales of goods (sales of automotive parts and steels, sales of passenger
        vehicles and sales of production facility), (ii) rendering of labour and insurance services, (iii)
        purchases of goods (purchases of automotive parts and materials and purchases of passenger
        vehicles), (iv) rental received from related parties and (v) rental paid to related parties, include
        transactions which also constituted connected transactions under the Listing Rules. The Company
        confirms that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A
        of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                   123
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      2.   TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES
           (A)   Transactions in relation to principal joint ventures
                 At the time of listing of the Company, the Stock Exchange granted a conditional waiver
                 from strict compliance with the requirements of Chapters 14 and 14A of the Listing Rules
                 in respect of immaterial joint ventures. The Company is required to review whether the
                 immaterial joint ventures met the conditions in the waiver on a yearly basis. For the 2021
                 financial year, the principal joint ventures of the Company were GAC Toyota, GAC Honda,
                 GAC-SOFINCO and GAC Mitsubishi.


           (B)   Continuing connected transactions
                 For the year ended 31 December 2021, GAC Group and its associates (as defined in the
                 Listing Rules) had entered into the following continuing connected transactions:


                 1.    Provision of transport and logistics services in respect of vehicle products and vehicle
                       parts and components
                       For the year ended 31 December 2021, each of the JV Partner Group provided
                       transport and logistics services (the “JV Partner Logistics Services”) in respect of
                       vehicle products and vehicle parts and components to the Company, its subsidiaries
                       and the principal joint ventures (including GAC Toyota and GAC Honda) according to
                       the following pricing terms on a regular basis. The Company’s principal joint ventures
                       purchase raw materials and components from the relevant joint venture partners,
                       as well as selling some products to the relevant joint venture partners. The relevant
                       joint venture partners will provide transportation and logistics services to complete
                       the entire process. Such service will continue during the term of the joint ventures.




124
                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                           Annual Report 2021




                                                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



On 26 April 2019:


(i)     GAC Toyota Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田物流有限公司) (“GAC Toyota Logistics”)
        (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group entered into an agreement in
        writing (the “Framework Agreement(s) of JV Partner”) with Guangzhou Guanqi
        Commercial Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽商貿物流有限公司) and Hunan Shun Jie
        Logistics Co., Ltd. (湖南順捷物流有限公司) of the Group, so as to continue with
        the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period from 1 January 2019 to 31
        December 2021. Upon the expiration of the validity period, renewal is subject
        to the mutual agreement of the parties of the agreement.


(ii)    GAC Toyota Logistics (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group entered
        into an agreement in writing (the “New Agreement of JV Partner”) with
        Guangzhou Automobile Hunan NYK Logistics Co., Ltd. (湖南廣汽商貿日郵物流
        有限公司), so as to proceed with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity
        period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2021. Upon the expiration of the
        validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the parties of
        the agreement.


(iii)   Tong Fang Logistics (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group entered
        into the Framework Agreement of JV Partner with GAC Toyota and GAC
        Toyota Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田汽車銷售有限公司) of the Group, so as
        to continue with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period from 1
        January 2019 to 31 December 2021. Upon the expiration of the validity period,
        renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the parties of the agreement.


(iv)    GAC Honda Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田物流有限公司) (as the service provider) of
        the JV Partner Group entered into the Framework Agreement of JV Partner
        with Guangzhou GAC Business Renewable Resources Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽商貿
        再生資源有限公司) and GAC Honda of the Group, so as to proceed with the
        JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period from 1 January 2019 to 31
        December 2021. Upon the expiration of the validity period, renewal is subject
        to the mutual agreement of the parties of the agreement.


Pursuant to the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreement
of JV Partner, all service providers and all service recipients have agreed that, they
shall enter into individual agreement(s) in relation to the provision of the JV Partner
Logistics Services within the validity period of the Framework Agreements of JV
Partner and the New Agreement of JV Partner based on the terms, conditions and
principles of the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreement of
JV Partner.



                                                                                            125
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             The remunerations or service fees charged by all service providers to all service
             recipients for the JV Partner Logistics Services are determined according to the prices
             in the contract determined with reference to (i) the prevailing prices of the same
             or same type of services in the market provided by independent third parties; and
             (ii) the volume of the logistics services provided to all service recipients. The parties
             shall compare the prices for the provision of the same or same type of services by
             independent third parties in respect of the logistics services from time to time to
             ensure that the payment received by all service providers for the logistics services
             shall be the prevailing market price for the logistics services. To ensure that products
             or services are obtained at the most favorable price, the Group will consider the
             market price for at least two equivalent services to ensure that the price will remain
             a reasonable and competitive one prior to selecting the service providers for the
             logistics services, and to ensure that the amount of payment by the Group to the
             JV Partner Group will not exceed the amount paid to independent third parties. In
             addition, the Group will determine the relevant price by taking into account the
             profit margin that can be achieved by the Group to ensure that the price will be set
             at a level that the Group will be able to generate a profit margin that is within the
             industry standard or even better.


             In view of the above, the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New
             Agreement of JV Partner between the Group and joint venture partners were entered
             into on normal commercial terms that are fair and reasonable and are no less
             favourable to the Group than those provided by independent third parties to the
             Group in respect of the logistics services.


             For the year ended 31 December 2021, the total amount of the consideration paid
             by the Group for the JV Partner Logistics Services was RMB2,576,122,750.


             In relation to the transactions, the directors consider that the annual transaction
             amount of each transaction under the JV Partner Logistics Services should not
             be disclosed. The provision of transportation and logistics services is an important
             part of entering into cooperation arrangements with joint venture parties and
             their associates. They are a key part of the supply chain management and sales
             business of automobile production. Disclosing the annual transaction amount for
             each transaction under the JV Partner Logistics Services will disclose commercially
             sensitive information relating to the operation of the relevant joint ventures, which
             is not in the interest of the Group or the related joint ventures.




126
                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2021




                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     The Company has applied to the Stock Exchange for and was granted a waiver from
     compliance with the annual cap requirement relating to the above transactions
     for the duration of the terms of the respective transactions. The Company has also
     reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that only disclosure of the annual
     aggregate dollar value of the transactions made each year would be made. However,
     the exemption expired before the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the
     New Agreement of JV Partner were entered into.


     During the reporting period, the Company has applied for, and was granted by the
     Stock Exchange a revised waiver from strict compliance with the annual reporting
     and annual caps requirements under the Listing Rules in respect of such transactions
     to the extent that the Company is still required to set aggregate caps for the
     Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreement of JV Partner and
     disclose the total annual consideration of such transactions in the annual report.


     For details, the annual cap and the basis for determination of the Framework
     Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreement of JV Partner, please refer to
     the Company’s announcement dated 26 April 2019.


2.   Sale of vehicle products, parts and components, production equipment and vehicles
     related products (including its after-sales services)
     (a)   For the year ended 31 December 2021, members of the Group sold raw materials,
           parts and components and vehicles to the JV Partner Group according to the
           following pricing terms on a regular basis. Such service will continue during
           the term of the joint ventures.


           The Group will take into account market prices of the relevant products and
           services offered by independent third parties in determining the price of the
           services to make sure that the price offered to the JV Partner Group are fair
           and reasonable and on normal commercial terms.


           The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that
           the transactions above are exempted from written agreement and annual
           cap requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required to
           disclose the nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because
           the disclosure of separate transactions between the contracting parties would
           constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive information relating to the
           operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not be in the interest of
           the Company or the relevant joint ventures.




                                                                                                127
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             (b)   For the year ended 31 December 2021, members of the JV Partner Group
                   provided the sale of raw materials, parts and components and production
                   equipment to the principal joint ventures according to the following pricing
                   terms on a regular basis. Such service will continue during the term of the
                   joint ventures.


                   In relation to this type of transactions, where there are other local suppliers,
                   members of the Group will obtain quotes for equivalent products or services
                   that may be available from other local PRC suppliers in order to determine
                   whether viable alternatives of comparable quality can be obtained in a timely
                   manner and at the most competitive price. If alternatives are available, the
                   Group would go through a tender process before selecting the supplier for
                   such alternatives. In such a tender process, JV Partner Group is treated no
                   differently from any other third-party supplier. Consequently, the purchase
                   of auto parts by Group from the JV Partner Group would not be made if the
                   Group could obtain better terms from any other suppliers. Over time, fewer
                   vehicle products, parts and components will be sourced from the JV Partner
                   Group as cheaper viable alternatives are found in the PRC. Such process of
                   “localisation” is widely regarded as key means of cost reduction in the PRC
                   automotive industry and is also the priority of the principal joint ventures.


                   As a business reality, given the additional transportation and tax costs of
                   purchasing vehicle products, parts and components and production equipment
                   from a foreign supplier, it is neither in the Company’s nor the joint venture
                   partners’ interest to purchase the vehicle products, parts and components
                   and production equipment from the foreign joint venture partners if viable
                   alternatives are available from local suppliers on more favourable terms.


                   In determining the price for the products and/or service, the Company will also
                   consider the market price for equivalent products or services in order to make
                   sure that the price will remain a reasonable and competitive one. However,
                   unlike normal consumer products, some of the vehicle products, parts and
                   components provided by the JV Partner Group are specific to the car models
                   produced by the principal joint ventures and there is no alternative but to
                   source the vehicle products, parts and components from the JV Partner Group
                   for the duration of the relevant principal joint ventures and market prices for
                   these vehicle parts are not readily available. The Company’s representatives
                   will rely heavily on their knowledge of the industry standards and their prior
                   experience gained from similar negotiations in determining the price. In
                   order to ensure that the price is fair and reasonable, the Group will also obtain
                   quotes for similar products or services, though not specific to the car models
                   produced by the principal joint ventures, as reference.

128
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Annual Report 2021




                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



           The Group will also determine the price by taking into account the profit
           margin that could be achieved by the Group to ensure that the price will
           be set at a level that the Group will still be able to generate a profit margin
           that is within the industry standard or even better taking into account the
           international and PRC benchmark raw materials costs.


           The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that
           the transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual
           cap requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and is only required to
           disclose the nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because
           the disclosure of separate transactions between contracting parties would
           constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive information relating to the
           operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not be in the interest of
           the Company or the relevant joint ventures.


3.   Provision of technical support, research and development support and information
     enquiry (including production preparation support, local support, advisory services,
     and provisions of software)
     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the JV Partner Group provided technical
     support, research and development support and information enquiry (including
     production preparation support, local support, advisory services, and provisions of
     software) to the Group according to the following pricing terms on a regular basis.
     The Company’s joint venture partners are the proprietors of the technology involved
     in the production of vehicle models manufactured by the principal joint ventures and
     they are primarily responsible for the research and development of all new models.
     The provision of technical support by the joint venture partners is to ensure that
     the latest technology is applied in the manufacturing process of the principal joint
     ventures and to ensure that the products remain competitive in the market. Such
     service will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


     Generally, the pricing for technology license and technical assistance between the
     principal joint ventures and the joint venture partners and their associates is that
     the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed for its research
     and development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle model and such
     research and development costs should be spread evenly over the entire operations
     of the party providing the technology and the PRC automotive joint venture should
     only bear its fair share of such costs.




                                                                                              129
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



               In accordance with normal industry practice, the terms (including the price) of
               the technology licenses and transactions relating to technical support are fixed
               with reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models, which are generally
               between 5 and 10 years, and also with reference to the industry benchmark for
               similar technological assistance. The Company’s representatives will also rely heavily
               on their knowledge of the industry standards and their prior experience gained from
               similar negotiations in order to determine the price and to make sure that the price
               remains a reasonable and competitive one. Also the Group (including the principal
               joint ventures) will also determine the price by taking into account the profit margin
               that could be achieved by the Group and to ensure that the price will be set at a
               level that the Group will still be able to generate a profit margin that is within the
               industry standard or even better.


               The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the
               transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap requirements
               as set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the nature of relevant
               transactions made each year. This is because the disclosure of separate transaction
               value between contracting parties would constitute disclosure of commercially
               sensitive information relating to the operations of the relevant joint ventures and
               would not be in the interest of the Company or the relevant joint ventures.


          4.   Provision of the right to use intellectual property (in relation to production and sales
               of vehicles)
               For the year ended 31 December 2021, the joint venture partners of the principal joint
               ventures provided the use of intellectual property rights (in relation to production
               and sales of vehicles) to the principal joint ventures according to the following
               pricing terms on a regular basis. The right to use intellectual property is key to
               the long-term profitability and competitiveness of the principal joint ventures and
               their products. The Group entered into several technology license agreements and
               trademark license agreements with the Company’s joint venture partners during
               the track record period in the past. Such agreements will continue during the term
               of the joint ventures.




130
                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                           Annual Report 2021




                                                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The joint venture partners and its associates are primarily responsible for the research
and development of the new vehicle models and it is therefore essential for the
principal joint ventures to enter into technology license with its joint venture partners.
The relevant intellectual property rights that are specific to the car models produced
by the relevant principal joint ventures and are thus fundamental to the production
of the Group. Without them, the businesses of the principal joint ventures could not
have been established and cannot operate. The Group therefore has no alternative
but to source the intellectual property rights from the joint venture partners for the
duration of the principal joint ventures. It is therefore standard practice in the PRC
automotive industry for Sino-foreign automotive manufacturing joint ventures to
provide royalties to the proprietor of the relevant technology licence, technological
know-how or intellectual property right, which is very often, the joint venture partners.


The purpose of sino-foreign automotive manufacturing joint ventures is that the PRC
manufacturer will be able to benefit from the technological expertise and product
portfolio of its foreign joint venture partner, whilst the foreign partner is able to
participate in the domestic PRC market. The joint venture relationship is therefore
founded on the foreign joint venture partner contributing its technological expertise
to the joint ventures and the PRC partner contributing its manufacturing capabilities
and facilities, labour and local market and regulatory knowledge.


A key reason for the PRC Government’s encouragement of sino-foreign automotive
manufacturing joint ventures is to rapidly enhance technological and product
standards in the PRC automotive industry.


Generally, the pricing principle for technology license and technical assistance
between the principal joint ventures and the joint venture partners and their
associates is that the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed
for its research and development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle
model and such research and development costs should be spread evenly over the
entire operations of the party providing the technology and the PRC automotive
joint venture should only bear its fair share of such costs.




                                                                                                131
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                   In accordance with normal industry practice, the terms (including the price) of
                   the technology licences and transactions relating to technical support are fixed
                   with reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models, which are generally
                   between 5 and 10 years, and also with reference to the industry benchmark for
                   similar technological assistance. The Company’s representatives will also rely heavily
                   on their knowledge of the industry standards and their prior experience gained from
                   similar negotiations in order to determine the price and to make sure that the price
                   remains a reasonable and competitive one. Also the Group (including the principal
                   joint ventures) will also determine the price taking into account of the profit margin
                   that could be achieved by the Group and to ensure that the price will be set at a
                   level that the Group will still be able to generate a profit margin that is within the
                   industry standard or even better.


                   The Company also believes that the primary purpose of international automotive
                   manufacturers in establishing joint ventures with the Company is the establishment
                   of a strong presence in the PRC automotive industry, the gaining of market share
                   for their brand of vehicles and long term investment returns from the principal joint
                   ventures, rather than any short term gains from intellectual property rights on terms
                   which may be prejudicial to the principal joint ventures’ long term profitability and
                   competitiveness. Such short-term gains would be eclipsed by the potential losses to
                   the joint venture partners if the principal joint ventures were to prove unsuccessful.


                   The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the
                   transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap requirements
                   set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the nature of relevant
                   transactions made each year. This is because the disclosure of separate transactions
                   between contracting parties would constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive
                   information relating to the operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not
                   be in the interest of the Company or the relevant joint ventures.


       (C)   Control Mechanism
             In relation to the connected transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries on one
             hand and the joint venture partners and their associates on the other hand as described
             above, negotiations will be conducted by the Company and/or the relevant subsidiary
             directly on an arm’s length basis and the Company is able to control the negotiations
             between the subsidiaries and the joint venture partners and/or their associates. The joint
             venture partners and/or their associates will not be in a position to influence the Company
             and/or its subsidiaries to agree to terms which may not be in its and the Company’s interest.




132
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




                                                      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



In relation to the connected transactions between the principal joint ventures on the one
hand and the joint venture partners and their associates on the other hand as described
in paragraphs 2 to 4 above, it is provided under the respective joint venture agreements,
articles of association and memoranda of the principal joint ventures that negotiations
between the principal joint ventures and the joint venture partner and its associates should
always be conducted directly by the relevant principal joint ventures’ senior management
nominated by the Company on behalf of the Company or by representative of the Company
as a joint venture partner and will thus be conducted on an arm’s length basis. No joint
venture partners or their associates is in a position to influence the principal joint ventures
to agree to terms which may not be in the principal joint ventures’ and therefore the
Company’s interest. The Company also confirms that negotiations of transactions between
the principal joint ventures and the relevant joint venture partners were all conducted by
the relevant principal joint ventures’ senior management nominated by the Company.


Also, the principal joint ventures have implemented internal control and reporting
mechanisms which enable business developments and transactions that may be subject
to applicable continuing obligations under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules to be reported
to their respective boards and/or designated persons enabling both the Company and
its relevant joint venture partners, through representatives on the board of the relevant
principal joint ventures and/or designated persons to decide whether to consent to and
approve the relevant transactions.


Further, there are also established procedures under the respective joint venture
agreements, articles of association and memorandum of the principal joint ventures that
the entering into of any contract of material importance/material transaction with a joint
venture partner and its associates shall either be approved by a majority of the directors
present at the board meeting or be mutually agreed/signed off by the general manager
and the deputy general manager of the relevant principal joint ventures (as the case may
be). It is provided under the respective joint venture agreements, articles of association and
memoranda of the principal joint ventures that the Group and the joint venture partner will
be entitled to nominate the general manager and deputy general manager respectively
in turn and when the general manager is nominated by the Group, the deputy general
manager will be nominated by the joint venture partner and vice versa.




                                                                                                  133
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       (D)   Confirmation by the Independent Non-executive Directors
             The independent non-executive directors of the Company confirm that for the year ended
             31 December 2021, the above continuing connected transactions entered into by the
             Company as one of the parties are:


             (1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;


             (2)   on normal commercial terms or, if there are not sufficient comparable transactions to
                   judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, or on terms no less favourable
                   to the Company than terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent third
                   parties; and


             (3)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair
                   and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders as a whole.


       (E)   Auditor’s Letter
             The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
             transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
             (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
             Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
             Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong
             Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued his unqualified letter
             containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the aforesaid continuing connected
             transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. Auditor of the Company
             confirmed in such letter that for the year ended 31 December 2021, in respect of the above
             continuing connected transaction to which the Company is one of the parties:


             (1)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions have not been approved
                   by the Board;


             (2)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions did not follow the pricing
                   policy of the Company in all material respects if the transactions involved provision
                   of goods or services by the Company;


             (3)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions were not carried out in
                   accordance with the agreements of such transactions in all material aspects; and


             (4)   the annual caps (in respect of the Framework Agreement of JV Partner and the New
                   Agreement of JV Partner) have not been exceeded.


             A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.



134
                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                 Annual Report 2021




                                          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



XII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE

   (I)   TRUSTS, CONTRACTS AND LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
         1.   Trusts
              □ Applicable   3 N/A


         2.   Contracts
              □ Applicable   3 N/A


         3.   Lease arrangements
              □ Applicable   3 N/A




                                                                                  135
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      (II)   GUARANTEE
                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


                  External Guarantee of the Company (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)
              Total guarantee incurred during the reporting period (excluding those
                provided to subsidiaries)                                                                0
              Total balance of guarantee as at the end of the reporting period (A)
                (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)                                               0


                      Guarantee provided to subsidiaries by the Company and its subsidiaries
              Total guarantee provided to subsidiaries of the Company during the
                reporting period                                                              240,000,000
              Total balance of guarantee provided to subsidiaries of the Company as at
                the end of the reporting period (B)                                           256,600,000



                    Total guarantee of the Company (including those provided to subsidiaries)
             Total guarantee (A+B)                                                            256,600,000
             Proportion of total guarantee in the net assets of the Company (%)                       0.28
             Including:
             Amount of guarantees provided to shareholders, beneficial controllers and
              their related parties (C)                                                                  0
             Amount of debt guarantees directly or indirectly provided for guaranteed
              parties with the gearing ratio exceeding 70% (D)                                           0
             Amount of the total guarantees exceeding 50% of net assets (E)                              0
             Total amount of above three guarantees (C+D+E)                                              0
             Description on unexpired guarantees that may be subject to joint liability                N/A
             Description of guarantee                                     Guarantee provided to subsidiaries
                                                                          during the reporting period mainly
                                                                          represented the guarantee for
                                                                          customs duty issued by
                                                                          GAC Finance to GAMC




136
                                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021




                                                                                        SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



(III) ENTRUSTED CASH ASSETS MANAGEMENT
   1.   Entrusted wealth management
        □ Applicable           3 N/A


   2.   Entrusted loans
        As at 31 December 2021, the undue entrusted loans amounted to RMB521.85 million, details
        of which are shown in the table below.


                                                                                               Unit: 0’000 Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                        Termination                                Amount of
                                                      Amount of     Commencement            date of      Annualised              provision for
                                                       entrusted   date of entrusted      entrusted         rate of     Actual    impairment
        Name of the borrower                                loan               loans          loans          return   recovery         (if any)
        GAC FCA                                           25,000           2021-7-27      2022-7-27           3.85%     Undue
        Hangzhou HAVECO Automobile Transmission
          Technology Co., Ltd. (杭州依維柯汽車傳動
          技術有限公司)                                          8,000            2021-11-9      2022-9-5           4.35%     Undue
        Hangzhou HAVECO Automobile Transmission
          Technology Co., Ltd. (杭州依維柯汽車傳動
          技術有限公司)                                         16,000            2021-4-9       2022-4-8           4.35%     Undue
        Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior
          Decoration Co., Ltd. (長沙麥格納汽車外飾
          有限公司)                                              735           2021-10-16     2022-10-16          3.85%     Undue
        Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior
          Decoration Co., Ltd. (長沙麥格納汽車外飾
          有限公司)                                             490            2021-4-12      2022-4-12           3.85%     Undue
        Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior
          Decoration Co., Ltd. (長沙麥格納汽車外飾
          有限公司)                                             980             2021-11-4      2022-11-4          3.85%     Undue
        Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior
          Decoration Co., Ltd. (長沙麥格納汽車外飾
          有限公司)                                             980            2021-12-7       2022-12-7          3.85%     Undue
        Harbin Boshi Xinda Automobile Sales Service
          Co., Ltd. (哈爾濱博實信達汽車銷售服務有限公司)                    3,000          2016-12-20       2021-3-15          6.18%    Repaid
        GAC Toyota Logistics Co., Ltd.
          (廣汽豐田物流有限公司)                                     7,000         2020-04-23      2021-04-23           2.25%    Repaid




                                                                                                                                                  137
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                                                           Termination                               Amount of
                                                        Amount of      Commencement            date of     Annualised              provision for
                                                         entrusted    date of entrusted      entrusted        rate of     Actual    impairment
          Name of the borrower                                loan                loans          loans         return   recovery         (if any)
          GAC FCA                                           50,000           2020-12-24      2021-12-24         3.85%    Repaid
          HYCAN Automobile                                   246.12          2020-12-24      2021-12-23         3.85%    Repaid
          HYCAN Automobile                                   583.27          2020-12-29      2021-12-23         3.85%    Repaid
          Hangzhou HAVECO Automobile Transmission
            Technology Co., Ltd. (杭州依維柯汽車傳動技
            術有限公司)                                           8,500           2019-04-12     2021-04-09          4.35%    Repaid
          Hangzhou HAVECO Automobile Transmission
            Technology Co., Ltd. (杭州依維柯汽車傳動技
            術有限公司)                                           7,500           2019-10-25     2021-04-09          4.35%    Repaid
          Hangzhou HAVECO Automobile
            TransmissionTechnology Co., Ltd. (杭州依維
            柯汽車傳動技術有限公司)                                     8,000            2019-11-15      2021-11-14        4.35%    Repaid
          Harbin Boshi Xinda Automobile Sales Service
            Co., Ltd. (哈爾濱博實信達汽車銷售服務有限公司)                    2,225           2016-10-20       2021-3-15         6.18%    Repaid                11



          As at the end of the reporting period, the entrusted loans provided to the associates and
          joint ventures by the Company amounted to approximately RMB522 million, mainly for
          providing liquidity to the invested entities on the basis of shareholding percentage.




138
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2021




                                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



   (IV) OTHER MATERIAL CONTRACTS
         □ Applicable   3 N/A



XIII. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS FROM NON-PUBLIC ISSUANCE OF A
      SHARES
   The non-public issuance of A shares of the Company was completed in November 2017 (details of which
   are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 17 November 2017).


   The shares issued under the non-public issuance of A shares are RMB denominated ordinary shares
   (A shares) with a nominal value of RMB1.00 per share listed on the SSE. The number of shares issued
   was 753,390,254 shares with an issue price of RMB19.91/A share. The net price to the Company of
   each security was RMB19.80. The five target subscribers for the non-public issuance of A shares are
   Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd, Guangzhou State-owned
   Assets Development Holdings Co., Ltd., GFHAM Wealth Management Select No.3 Private Investment
   Fund, Guangzhou Light Industry and Trade Group Co., Ltd. and Suiyong Holdings Co., Ltd. The closing
   price of A shares under the non-public issuance of A shares on 17 October 2017, being the date on
   which the Company received the relevant approval from the CSRC, was RMB19.03.


   The actual amount of gross proceeds raised was RMB14,999,999,957.14 and the actual amount of net
   proceeds raised, after deducting the issuance expenses of RMB83,050,000.00 was RMB14,916,949,957.14.


   Proceeds from non-public issuance of A shares facilitated the comprehensive and sustainable
   development of the Company’s business. The implementation of the investment projects using
   the proceeds from the non-public issuance, on one hand, further strengthened the research and
   development capability of the Company’s self-developed brands, promoted the establishment of its
   range of self-developed brands and enriched the product mix under such brands, while on the other
   hand, enabled the Company to keep abreast of future trend in new energy development of the vehicle
   industry, laying a solid foundation for the Company to seize a share in the new energy vehicle market.
   In addition, the proceeds from the non-public issuance optimised the Company’s capital structure
   and lowered the gearing ratio, which reduced the Company’s financial risk and cost of debt financing.


   Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised as at 31 December 2021 are set out below.


   As at 31 December 2021


   As at 31 December 2021, the amount of proceeds brought forward was RMB2,435,564,478.70 whereas the
   total cumulative amount of utilised proceeds was RMB12,848,882,145.46 (inclusive of issuance expenses).
   There was no inconsistency between the utilisation of the proceeds and the original intended use.




                                                                                                               139
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised are set out below:


                                                                                                       Unit: 0’000       Currency: RMB


                                                                                Total amount
                                                                               of investment
                                                                            commitment from        Amount       Cumulative      Estimated
                                                                                the proceeds    invested for       amount         time of
      No.   Investment project                                                        raised       this year      invested     completion
      1     New energy vehicles and R&D of prospective technology project         480,000.00       86,217.73     479,422.30    Completed
      2     GAEI phase 1 base construction project                                 60,000.00        13,098.11     45,097.39          2023
      3     GAEI phase 2 base construction project                                100,000.00        3,267.35      70,370.73          2022
      4     GAC proprietary brand project of Xinjiang                              80,000.00            0.00      22,782.95    Completed
      5     GAC improvement project of Hangzhou                                   220,000.00            0.00      152,350.38   Completed
      6     GAC proprietary brands technological reformation project              250,000.00        5,904.40      212,165.20   Completed
      7     GAC proprietary brands vehicle models projects                         215,000.00         533.99     201,784.36    Completed
      7.1   GAMC A16 project                                                       20,000.00            0.00      18,780.34    Completed
      7.2   GAMC A35 project                                                       35,000.00         509.36       32,329.64    Completed
      7.3   GAMC A5H project                                                       30,000.00            0.00      30,547.98    Completed
      7.4   GAMC A10 project                                                       40,000.00           24.63       36,841.51   Completed
      7.5   GAMC A30 project                                                        15,000.00           0.00      15,000.00    Completed
      7.6   GAMC A32 project                                                        10,000.00           0.00      10,000.00    Completed
      7.7   GAMC A06 project                                                       35,000.00            0.00      35,140.89    Completed
      7.8   GAMC A7M project                                                       30,000.00            0.00      23,144.00    Completed
      8     GAMC engine project                                                    50,000.00          310.98       48,581.73   Completed
      9     GAMC gearbox project                                                   30,000.00          962.93      29,028.18    Completed
      10    P6 gearbox development project                                          15,000.00           0.00      15,000.00    Completed
            Issuance expenses                                                               –           0.00       8,305.00             –
            Total                                                                1,500,000.00     110,295.49    1,284,888.22



      The Group expects to continue to invest the unused proceeds raised from the non-public issuance
      in each of the above unfinished projects in accordance with the respective amount of investment
      commitment and expected time of completion, and in order taking into account the importance and
      urgency of each project.


      For further information on the utilisation of proceeds raised from the non-public issuance, please
      refer to the “2021 Specific Report on the Deposit of the Proceeds and the Utilisation of the Proceeds
      by Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.” published by the Company on 30 March 2022 by way of
      overseas regulatory announcement.




140
                                                                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021



 Chapter 9

Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
I.   CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

     (I)   STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHARES

                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: share


                                                        Before change                        Increase/decrease in the change (+, -)                           After change
                                                                                                           Conversion
                                                                                                                 from
                                                                 Percentage Issue of new                  contributed                                                  Percentage
                                                     Number              (%)      shares Bonus issue capital surplus          Others     Subtotal         Number              (%)

           I. Restricted Shares                    102,101,330           0.99                                                                           102,101,330           0.98
               1. State-owned Shares
               2. Shares held by state-
                   owned legal person
               3. Shares held by other
                   domestic entities               102,101,330
                   Including: Shares held by
                       domestic non-state-
                       owned legal persons
                   Shares held by domestic
                       natural persons             102,101,330
               4. Shares held by foreign
                   entities
                   Including: Shares held by
                       overseas legal persons
                   Shares held by overseas
                       natural persons
           II. Non-restricted tradable shares 10,247,595,487            99.01                                              20,896,008   20,896,008   10,268,491,495          99.02
               1. RMB-denominated
                   ordinary shares               7,148,975,182          69.07                                              20,896,008   20,896,008    7,169,871,190          69.14
               2. Domestically-listed foreign
                   shares
               3. Overseas listed foreign
                   shares                       3,098,620,305           29.94                                                                        3,098,620,305           29.88
               4. Others
           III. Total shares                    10,349,696,817           100                                               20,896,008   20,896,008   10,370,592,825           100




                                                                                                                                                                                     141
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



               Explanation on changes in shares
               During the reporting period, as a result of the exercise of share option incentive scheme and
               conversion of convertible corporate bonds, an aggregate of 20,896,008 A shares were increased.


               Effect of changes in shares on financial indicators such as earnings per share and net assets
               per share for the most recent year and most recent period (if any)
               □ Applicable   3 N/A


               Other disclosure deemed necessary by the Company or required by securities regulatory
               authorities
               □ Applicable   3 N/A



        (II)   CHANGES IN SHARES SUBJECT TO TRADING MORATORIUM

               □ Applicable   3 N/A



  II.   ISSUE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

        (I)    ISSUE OF SECURITIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
               □ Applicable   3 N/A



        (II)   CHANGES IN TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS
               STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY AND CHANGES IN ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
               STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY
               During the reporting period, as a result of exercise of options granted under the share option
               incentive scheme and conversion of convertible corporate bonds, 20,896,008 A shares were
               increased.




142
                                                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021




                Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



III. INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLER

   (I)    TOTAL NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS
          Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end
             of the reporting period Note 1                                                                                                                             127,199
          Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end
             of the month prior to the disclosure of the annual report                                                                                                 132,594

          Note 1: Total number of shareholders as at the end of the reporting period was 127,199, among which 126,940 holders
                  are holders of A shares and 259 holders are holders of H shares. Total number of shareholders of shares as at
                  the end of the month prior to the disclosure of the annual report was 132,594, among which 132,337 holders are
                  holders of A shares and 257 holders are holders of H shares.



   (II)   SHAREHOLDING OF TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS, TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS
          OF CIRCULATING SHARES (OR HOLDERS OF SHARES NOT SUBJECT TO
          TRADING MORATORIUM) AS AT END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: Share


                                                                             Shareholding of top ten shareholders
                                                                    Increase/                                    Number of
                                                                     decrease      Number of                    shares held
                                                                   during the shares held at                        subject   Pledged, tagged or frozen
                                                                    reporting the end of the Percentage to trading                                   Nature
          Name of shareholder(Full name)                               period          period             (%) moratorium          Status      Number of shareholder

          GAIG Note 2                                                800,000     5,499,940,069        53.03%             0           Nil                 State-owned legal person
          HKSCC Nominees Limited Note 3                              -505,548     3,094,798,718       29.84%             0     Unknown                   Foreign legal person
          Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund          -24,671,201      397,227,342        3.83%             0      Pledged      210,949,271 State-owned legal person
             Management Co., Ltd. (廣州匯垠天粵股權投資基金管理有
             限公司)
          Guangzhou State-owned Assets Development Holdings        -58,873,672     152,075,600         1.47%             0           Nil                  State-owned legal person
             Co., Ltd. (廣州國資發展控股有限公司)
          Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets Management Co,         -70,161,536     140,738,735         1.36%             0           Nil                  Other
             Ltd. – GFHAM Wealth Management Select No. 3 Private
             Investment Fund (廣州金控資產管理有限公司–廣金資產財富
             管理優選3號私募投資基金)
          Shanghai Pu-Xing Energy Limited (普星聚能股份公司)                3,130,000      103,190,000         1.00%             0           Nil                  Domestic non-state-owned
                                                                                                                                                              legal person
          Guangzhou Light Industry & Trade Group Co., Ltd.         -52,737,316       52,737,319        0.51%             0           Nil                  State-owned legal person
             (廣州輕工工貿集團有限公司)
          Ningbo Meishan Baoshuigang Area Jincheng Shazhou                  -6      41,852,300         0.40%             0           Nil                  Domestic non-state-owned
             Equity Investment Co, Ltd. (寧波梅山保稅港區錦程沙洲股權                                                                                                     legal person
             投資有限公司)
          Yuan He                                                            –      24,786,241         0.24%             0           Nil                  Domestic natural person
          Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                631,538      22,061,284         0.21%             0           Nil                  Foreign legal person

                                                                                                                                                                                     143
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



                              Particulars of shareholdings of the top ten holders of tradable shares not subject to trading moratorium
                                                                                  Number of tradable                     Class and number of shares
                                                                                 shares not subject to
        Name of shareholder                                                       trading moratorium         Class                                         Number

        GAIG Note 2                                                                       5,499,940,069      A shares, H shares                       5,499,940,069
        HKSCC Nominees Limited Note 3                                                      3,094,798,718     Overseas listed foreign shares            3,094,798,718
        Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund
           Management Co., Ltd. (廣州匯垠天粵股權投資基金管理有限公司)                                         397,227,342     RMB ordinary shares                        397,227,342
        Guangzhou State-owned Assets Development Holdings Co., Ltd.
           (廣州國資發展控股有限公司)                                                                    152,075,600     RMB ordinary shares                        152,075,600
        Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets Management Co., Ltd. – GFHAM
           Wealth Management Select No. 3 Private Investment Fund
           (廣州金控資產管理有限公司–廣金資產財富管理優選3號私募投資基金)                                                 140,738,735     RMB ordinary shares                         140,738,735
        Shanghai Pu-Xing Energy Limited (普星聚能股份公司)                                           103,190,000     RMB ordinary shares                         103,190,000
        Guangzhou Light Industry & Trade Group Co., Ltd.
           (廣州輕工工貿集團有限公司)                                                                     52,737,319     RMB ordinary shares                          52,737,319
        Ningbo Meishan Baoshuigang Area Jincheng Shazhou Equity
           Investment Co., Ltd. (寧波梅山保稅港區錦程沙洲股權投資有限公司)                                        41,852,300     RMB ordinary shares                          41,852,300
        Yuan He                                                                               24,786,241     RMB ordinary shares                          24,786,241
        Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                                         22,061,284     RMB ordinary shares                          22,061,284
        Related relationship or concerted party relationship among the above GAIG, the largest shareholder of the Company, is not related to any of the above
           shareholders                                                         shareholders, nor is it a party acting in concert with any of them, and it is not known
                                                                                to the Company whether other shareholders are related to each other or whether
                                                                                they are parties acting in concert.


        Note 2: GAIG held 5,206,932,069 A shares of the Company in total, representing approximately 71.60% of the A share capital
                of the Company. At the same time, GAIG, through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
                and Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary) held 293,008,000 H shares of the
                Company in total, representing approximately 9.46% of the H share capital of the Company. The total number of
                A and H shares of the Company held by GAIG was 5,499,940,069 shares, representing approximately 53.03% of
                the total share capital of the Company.


        Note 3: H shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited were held on behalf of a number of clients. H shares of the Company
                held by Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited are also registered in trust with HKSCC Nominees Limited.


        Number of shares subject to trading moratorium held by top 10 shareholders and conditions
        of trading moratorium
        □ Applicable            3 N/A




144
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2021




             Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



  (III) STRATEGIC INVESTOR OR ORDINARY LEGAL PERSON BECOMING TOP
        10 SHAREHOLDERS AFTER PLACING OF NEW SHARES
        □ Applicable   3 N/A



IV. STATUS OF CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND ULTIMATE
    CONTROLLER

  (I)   CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
        1.    Legal person

              Name                                       Guangzhou Automobile Industry
                                                         Group Co., Ltd.
              Responsible person of the institution      Zeng Qinghong
               or legal representative
              Date of establishment                      18 October 2000
              Principal business                         Investment in the research and development,
                                                         manufacturing and marketing of automobile,
                                                         motorcycle and components, automobile
                                                         service trade and other relevant industries;
                                                         Investment in automobile finance and other
                                                         financial sectors; Investment in self-owned land
                                                         development projects and related real estate
                                                         projects and property management.
              Equity interests in other controlled and   Nil
               invested companies whose shares were
               listed in the PRC or overseas during
               the reporting period
              Other matters                              Nil



        2.    Natural person
              □ Applicable     3 N/A


        3.    Special explanation on absence of a controlling shareholder of the Company
              □ Applicable     3 N/A


        4.    Explanation of changes of the controlling shareholder during the reporting period
              □ Applicable     3 N/A




                                                                                                              145
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



             5   Chart showing the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company
                 and the controlling shareholder


                          Guangzhou Automobile
                          Industry Group Co., Ltd.

                                         53.03%

                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.




      (II)   ULTIMATE CONTROLLER
             1   Legal person
                 The ultimate controller of the Company is Guangzhou State-Owned Assets Administration
                 Bureau, which is a department directly under the Guangzhou Municipal People’s
                 Government, and as authorised by the Guangzhou Municipal People’s Government. It
                 performs the obligation of the investor on behalf of the Guangzhou Municipal People’s
                 Government and is responsible for the supervision of municipal state-owned assets.


             2   Natural person
                 □ Applicable   3 N/A


             3   Special explanation on absence of an ultimate controller of the Company
                 □ Applicable   3 N/A


             4   Details about changes of control over the Company during the reporting period
                 □ Applicable   3 N/A




146
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021




              Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



          5     Chart showing the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company
                and the ultimate controller


                    State-Owned Assets Administration               Department of Finance
                     Bureau of Guangzhou Municipal                  of Guangdong Province
                           People’s Government

                           90%                                                 10%



                                               Guangzhou Automobile
                                               Industry Group Co., Ltd.


                                                            53.03%

                                               Guangzhou Automobile
                                                  Group Co., Ltd.



          6     The ultimate controller controlled the Company through a trust or other asset
                management company
                □ Applicable          3 N/A



     (III) OTHER INFORMATION OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND THE
           ULTIMATE CONTROLLER
          □ Applicable        3 N/A



V.   OTHER CORPORATE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING MORE THAN 10%
     SHARES OF THE COMPANY
     □ Applicable     3 N/A



VI. RESTRICTION ON REDUCTION IN SHAREHOLDING
     □ Applicable     3 N/A



VII. SPECIFIC IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE REPURCHASE DURING
     THE REPORTING PERIOD
     □ Applicable     3 N/A


                                                                                                                      147
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



  VIII. INTERESTS REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE SFO
      As at 31 December 2021, the names of the persons (other than directors and supervisors) entitled to
      exercise 5% or more of the voting rights at any general meeting of the Company and the number of
      shares, as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the
      SFO are set out below:


                                                                                                        Percentage
                                                                                                      in the class of     Percentage
                                                                                     Number of         issued share     of total share
      Name                        Class of shares Capacity                          shares (Note 1)      capital (%)       capital (%)



      GAIG (Note 2)               A shares            Beneficial owner           5,191,015,530 (L)             71.38             50.06
                                  H shares            Interest of a controlled    292,208,000 (L)                9.43             2.82
                                                         corporation
      JPMorgan Chase & Co.        H shares            Investment manager          263,979,799 (L)                8.52             2.55
                                                                                   25,020,635 (S)                0.81             0.24
                                                                                   36,274,744 (P)                1.17             0.35
      FMR LLC                     H shares            Interest of a controlled    156,135,432 (L)                5.04             1.51
                                                         corporation


      Notes:


      1.       (L) – Long Position, (S) – Short Position, (P) – Lending Pool


      2.       As at 31 December 2021, the total number of A shares of the Company actually held by GAIG was 5,206,932,069 shares,
               representing approximately 71.60% of the A share capital of the Company. At the same time, GAIG, through Southbound
               Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned
               subsidiary) held 293,008,000 H shares of the Company in total, representing approximately 9.46% of the H share capital of
               the Company. The total number of A and H shares of the Company held by GAIG was 5,499,940,069 shares, representing
               approximately 53.03% of the total share capital of the Company.




148
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




               Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



IX. PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF
    THE COMPANY
     The Company has not redeemed any of its listed securities during the year. Neither the Company nor
     any of its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of the listed securities of the Company during the year.



X.   PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS AND PUBLIC FLOAT
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights of the shareholders in the Articles of Association and the
     relevant laws, and they are not entitled to ask the Company to issue shares to them pre-emptively in
     proportion to their shareholding.


     Based on the information publicly available and to the knowledge of the directors, as at the latest
     practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, the Company has met the minimum requirement
     on public float of H shares under the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                  149
      Chapter 10

  BONDS
  I.   BASIC INFORMATION OF CORPORATE BONDS

                                                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan             Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                         Method of
                                                                                                                                                         repayment of
                                                                                                      Interest                                  Interest principal and
       Name of bond                                                Abbreviation Code    Date of issue accrual date   Due date       Balances    rate (%) interest         Trading place

       Corporate Bonds (Phase one) of Guangzhou Automobile Group   12GAC02      122243 2013-03-20     2013-03-20     2023-03-20 3,000,000,000      5.09 Simple interest   SSE
         Co., Ltd. in 2012 (10 years)                                                                                                                    per annum



       INTEREST PAYMENT OF BONDS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD


       Name of bond                                                               Description of interest payment

       Corporate Bonds (Phase one) of Guangzhou During the reporting period, the interest on “12GAC02” was timely paid
          Automobile Group Co., Ltd. in 2012                                      in accordance with the terms set out in the prospectus. The coupon
          (10 years)                                                              rate is 5.09%, one board lot of “12GAC02” with par value of RMB1,000
                                                                                  was entitled to interest of RMB50.90 (tax inclusive).



       INTERMEDIARIES PROVIDING SERVICES FOR ISSUANCE OF BONDS AND BUSINESS DURING ITS
       DURATION


                                                                                                                                    Name of
                                                                                                                                    signatory                  Contact
       Name of intermediary                                             Office address                                              accountant                 number

       China International Capital                                      27th Floor and 28th Floor, China World                      Cheng Daming               010-6505 1166
       Corporation Limited                                                   Office 2, 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
                                                                             Beijing




150
                                                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2021




                                                                                                                                                   BONDS



II.   USE OF FUNDS RAISED AS AT END OF REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                                                         Unit: Yuan            Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                        Is there
                                                                                                                                                        consistency with
                                                                                                                                                        the purpose, using
                                                                                                                       Operation (if   Rectification (if plan and other
                                                                                                                        any) of the any) of violations commitments
                                                                                                                    special account    for using funds promised in the
      Name of bond                                                Gross funds raised    Amount used Amount unused   for funds raised            raised prospectus

      Corporate Bonds (Phase one) of Guangzhou Automobile Group
         Co., Ltd. in 2012 (10 years)                                   3,000,000,000    3,000,000,000          0                  –                 – Yes



      PROGRESS AND OPERATING EFFICIENCY OF RAISED FUNDS USED FOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS


      The proceeds were fully utilised to supplement cash flow of the Company in accordance with the use
      of proceeds as set out in the prospectus.


      DESCRIPTION ON CHANGES OF USE OF FUNDS RAISED FROM THE ABOVE BONDS DURING THE
      REPORTING PERIOD


      □Applicable                       3N/A



III. ADJUSTMENTS TO CREDIT RATING RESULTS

      □Applicable                       3N/A



IV. IMPLEMENTATION AND CHANGES ON GUARANTEE, DEBT
    REPAYMENT PLANS AND OTHER DEBT REPAYMENT PROTECTIVE
    MEASURES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD AND THEIR IMPACTS

      □Applicable                       3N/A



V.    OTHER INFORMATION OF CORPORATE BONDS

      □Applicable                       3N/A

                                                                                                                                                                             151
  BONDS



  VI. INFORMATION ON CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS

      (I)    ISSUANCE OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS

             On 22 January 2016, the Company completed the issue of A share convertible bonds amounting
             to RMB4,105.58 million. The conversion period started on 22 July 2016.



      (II)   HOLDERS AND GUARANTORS OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS DURING THE
             REPORTING PERIOD

             Number of convertible bonds holders at the end of the period                                                               8,129
             Guarantors of convertible bonds of the Company                                                                                Nil


             Conditions of top ten convertible bonds holders are as follows:


                                                                                        Amount of bonds held at the
             Name of convertible bonds holders                                              end of the period (RMB)    Holding proportion (%)

             Northwest Investment Management (Hong Kong) Limited — Northwest Feilong                     150,000,000                     6.33
                Fund Limited (西北飛龍基金有限公司)
             Agricultural Bank of China Limited — Penghua Security Investment Fund of                     63,510,000                     2.68
                Convertible Bonds
             Specific accounts for bonds repurchase and pledge under the Registration                     58,299,000                     2.46
                and Settlement System (Industrial and Commercial Bank of China)
             Specific accounts for bonds repurchase and pledge under the Registration                     56,461,000                     2.38
                and Settlement System (Bank of China)
             Specific accounts for bonds repurchase and pledge under the Registration                     53,892,000                     2.27
                and Settlement System (Agricultural Bank of China)
             Shanghai Ningquan Asset Management Co., Ltd. — Ningquan Zhiyuan No. 58                       48,638,000                     2.05
                private equity investment fund
             China Guangfa Bank Co., Ltd. — Guotai Anbao Wensheng 6-Month Hold                            45,155,000                     1.90
                Time Hybrid Securities Investment Fund
             China International Capital Corporation Limited                                              41,610,000                     1.75
             Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                  40,000,000                     1.69
             National Social Insurance Fund 214 Package                                                   37,975,000                     1.60




152
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021




                                                                                                           BONDS



(III) CONVERSION OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                         Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                                            Increase and decrease in the change
   Name of convertible corporate          Before the                                                            After the
   bonds                                      change      Conversion     Redemption        Repurchase             change

   2016 convertible corporate bonds of
     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co.,
     Ltd.                                2,549,095,000    177,707,000                –                 –     2,371,387,000



   AGGREGATE CONVERSION OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD


                                                                                                  2016 convertible
                                                                                              corporate bonds of
                                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile
   Name of convertible corporate bonds                                                                Group Co., Ltd.

   Amount of shares converted during the reporting period (RMB)                                             177,707,000
   Number of shares converted during the reporting period (A share)                                          12,765,743
   Aggregate number of shares converted (A share)                                                            84,842,425
   Aggregate number of shares converted to the total number of issued shares                                         1.32
     of the Company before conversion (%)
   Amount of unconverted bonds (RMB)                                                                       2,371,387,000
   Number of unconverted bonds to the total number of convertible bonds                                            57.76
     issued (%)


   Note:    The convertible bond expired on 21 January 2022 and has been repaid in accordance with the provisions.




                                                                                                                             153
  BONDS



      (IV) PREVIOUS ADJUSTMENTS TO CONVERSION PRICE

                                                                                                                                                                Unit: Yuan                 Currency: RMB

                                             Adjusted
         Date of adjustment of             conversion
         conversion price                     price Date of disclosure Disclosure media                                     Information about adjustment to conversion price

         14 September 2017                      21.43 6 September 2017    Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Based on the profit distribution plan of RMB1 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares for the
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,     interim period of 2017, the conversion price was adjusted from RMB21.53 per A share
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                to RMB21.43 per A share accordingly.
         21 November 2017                       21.27 20 November 2017    Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Due to the non-public issue of 753,390,254 A shares, the conversion price was adjusted
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,     from RMB21.43 per A share to RMB21.27 per A share accordingly.
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily
         21 December 2017                       21.24 20 December 2017    Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         As the first exercise period of the first A share option incentive scheme of the Company began
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,      during the reporting period, the conversion price was adjusted accordingly based on the
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                 number of shares increased as a result of the exercise of share options.
         12 June 2018                           14.86 5 June 2018         Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Due to the profit distribution for the year of 2017, pursuant to which cash dividend of RMB4.3
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,      per 10 shares (tax inclusive) was distributed and at the same time 4 shares were issued for
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                 every 10 shares to all shareholders by way of conversion of capital reserve, the conversion
                                                                                                                               price was adjusted accordingly.
         17 September 2018                      14.76 6 September 2018    Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Based on the profit distribution plan of RMB1 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares for the
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,      interim period of 2018, the conversion price was adjusted from RMB14.86 per A share
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                 to RMB14.76 per A share accordingly.
         7 November 2018                        14.74 5 November 2018     Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Due to exercise of A share options under the share option incentive scheme of the Company
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,      during the reporting period, the conversion price was adjusted accordingly based on the
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                 number of shares increased as a result of the exercise of share options.
         25 June 2019                           14.46 17 June 2019        Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Due to the profit distribution for the year of 2018, pursuant to which cash dividend of RMB2.8
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,      per 10 shares (tax inclusive) was distributed, the conversion price was adjusted accordingly.
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily
         24 September 2019                      14.41 17 September 2019   Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Based on the profit distribution plan of RMB0.5 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares for the
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,     interim period of 2019, the conversion price was adjusted from RMB14.46 per A share
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                to RMB14.41 per A share accordingly.
         22 June 2020                           14.26 15 June 2020        Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Based on the final profit distribution plan of 2019 of RMB1.5 (tax inclusive) for every 10
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,     shares, the conversion price was adjusted from RMB14.41 per A share to RMB14.26
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                per A share accordingly.
         22 September 2020                      14.23 11 September 2020   Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Based on the profit distribution plan of RMB0.3 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares for the
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,     interim period of 2020, the conversion price was adjusted from RMB14.26 per A share
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                to RMB14.23 per A share accordingly.
         10 February 2021                       14.12 9 February 2021     Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         As of 31 January 2021, the exercise of share options by the participants during the first
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,     exercise period for the reserved share options of the second A share option incentive
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                scheme of the Company resulted in the increase in the Company’s share capital of
                                                                                                                              10,961,082 shares, the conversion price was adjusted from RMB14.23 per A share to
                                                                                                                              RMB14.12 per A share.
         8 June 2021                            13.97 1 June 2021         Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Based on the final profit distribution plan of 2020 of RMB1.5 (tax inclusive) for every 10
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,     shares, the conversion price was adjusted from RMB14.12 per A share to RMB13.97
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                per A share accordingly.
         22 September 2021                      13.92 14 September 2021   Websites of SSE and Stock Exchange, China         Based on the profit distribution plan of RMB0.5(tax inclusive) for every 10 shares for the
                                                                            Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,     interim period of 2021, the conversion price was adjusted from RMB13.97 per A share
                                                                            Securities Times, Securities Daily                to RMB13.92 per A share.
         Latest conversion price as at the end of the reporting period                                                      13.92




154
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




                                                                                                     BONDS



(V) INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY’S LIABILITY AND CREDIT CHANGES AS
    WELL AS THE CASH ARRANGEMENT FOR THE FUTURE ANNUAL DEBT
    REPAYMENT

   As at 31 December 2021, the total asset was RMB154,250,588,400 and the asset-liability ratio was 39.94%. During the
   reporting period, the credit rating of the Company was AAA without changes. The Company’s main sources of cash for
   debt repayment in the future are operating cash flow and external investment income of the Company.



(VI) OTHER INFORMATION OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS

   □Applicable    3N/A




                                                                                                                     155
  INDEPENDENT
  AUDITOR’S REPORT


  To the shareholders of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
  (incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



  Opinion
  What we have audited
  The consolidated financial statements of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
  subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are set out on pages 165 to 329, comprise:


  •     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2021;


  •     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;


  •     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;


  •     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and


  •     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies, and other
        explanatory information.


  Our opinion
  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
  of the Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
  flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued
  by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
  compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.




156
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.


We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.


Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.



Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


•     Warranty provisions


•     Impairment assessment of capitalised development costs


•     Impairment assessment on the goodwill included in investment in a joint venture




                                                                                                                   157
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  Key Audit Matter                                                       How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


  Warranty provisions

  Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and judgements)            We have met management of the Company, the Major Joint
  and Note 27 (Provisions) to the consolidated financial statements.        Ventures, GAC Motor and GAC AION and have discussed with
                                                                            them and evaluated the impact on the Group’s financial statements
  As at 31 December 2021, the warranty provisions of the Group              of warranty provisions relating to Major Joint Ventures, GAC Motor
  amounted to approximately RMB908,058,000 (Note 27).                       and GAC AION.

  The Group mainly produced and sold passenger vehicles through             Procedures performed on warranty provisions of Major Joint
  its joint ventures GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC Honda”),          Ventures, GAC Motor and GAC AION, included:
  GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Toyota”) and GAC Mitsubishi
  Motors Co., Ltd. (“GAC Mitsubishi”) (collectively “Major Joint            –   We understood and evaluated management’s process and
  Ventures”) and its subsidiaries, GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Motor”)            controls over recording provisions for product warranties
  and GAC AION New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC AION”).                    and assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement by
                                                                                considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and other
  The Group’s joint ventures were accounted for using the equity                inherent risk factors.
  method. The warranty provisions relating to the Major Joint Ventures
  were considered significant to the Company’s consolidated financial       –   We evaluated management’s warranty provision model and
  statements.                                                                   tested the calculations therein. This included evaluating the
                                                                                key assumptions through reviewing the legal and contractual
                                                                                terms, comparing the assumptions to the historical data,
                                                                                analysing the expected unit cost of repair and returns of each
                                                                                vehicle type at each year of the warranty period, testing sales
                                                                                volume of each vehicle type to the supporting documents and
                                                                                recalculating the warranty provisions.




158
                                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2021




                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matter                                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Warranty provisions (continued)


Provisions for warranties granted by the Group’s Major Joint                 –   In respect of the provisions for warranties previously recorded
Ventures, GAC Motor and GAC AION for the passenger vehicles                      and subsequently settled during the year, we compared the
sold are recognised based on sales volume and past experience of                 provision amount with the settlement amount and investigated,
the level of repair and returns, discounted to their present values              if significant variance existed, the reasonableness of the
as appropriate.                                                                  reassessment of the adequacy of the provisions for warranties
                                                                                 previously made by the management. We discussed with
We focused on auditing the warranty provisions because the                       management the existence of any indicators of significant
estimation of costs in respect of future warranty claims is subject              product defect occurred during the year and subsequent to
to high degree of estimation uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation          year end that would significantly affect the estimates of the
to warranty provisions is considered significant due to subjectivity             year-end warranty provisions.
of significant assumptions used in determining the costs.
                                                                             –   We also considered whether the judgements made in selecting
                                                                                 the significant assumptions would give rise to indicators of
                                                                                 possible management bias.


                                                                             We found that management judgements and estimates associated
                                                                             with GAC Motor’s and GAC AION’s warranty provisions were
                                                                             supported by available evidence.


                                                                             We found that, in the context of our audit of consolidated financial
                                                                             statements of the Company, Major Joint Ventures’ management
                                                                             judgements and estimates associated with their respective
                                                                             warranty provisions in respect of the Group’s share of the profit
                                                                             and net assets of Major Joint Ventures were supported by available
                                                                             evidence.




                                                                                                                                                159
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  Key Audit Matter                                                         How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


  Impairment assessment of capitalised development costs

  Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and judgements) and          We understood and evaluated management’s process and
  Note 10 (Intangible assets) to the consolidated financial statements.       controls to identify the impairment indicators for capitalised
                                                                              development costs in use and assessed the inherent risk of material
  As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of the Group’s                  misstatement by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
  capitalised development costs, after considering the impairment             and other inherent risk factors.
  provision, which arose from development expenditure on the Group’s
  various types of self-developed passenger vehicle projects and were         The recoverable amount of the capitalised development costs
  classified as intangible assets on the consolidated balance sheet,          subject to impairment testing was determined based on value in
  amounted to approximately RMB12,237,408,000. An impairment                  use, which was the present value of the future cash flows expected
  charge of approximately RMB546,682,000 has been recognised                  to be derived, and we performed the following procedures:
  for capitalised development costs of certain types of passenger
  vehicles in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income              We obtained and understood management’s calculations of value
  for the year ended 31 December 2021.                                        in use and assessed the methodology applied.

  Capitalised development costs not yet in use are tested for impairment      We tested the consistency and assessed the reasonableness of
  annually. Capitalised development costs in use are reviewed for             the data used and management’s key assumptions adopted in
  impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate             the future cash flow projections, mainly in relation to:
  that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
                                                                              –   the budgeted sales and gross margin, by comparing them
  Management has assessed the recoverable amount of capitalised                   with actual performance and historical financial data, if any.
  development costs for each type of passenger vehicles to be their               For the budgeted sales, we also compared to the Group’s
  value in use in order to determine the impairment charge, if any.               strategic plan, and future market growth as forecasted and
                                                                                  sourced from independent parties;
  We focused on auditing the impairment assessment of capitalised
  development costs because management’s assessment of                        –   the long-term growth rate of revenue, by comparing it with
  impairment involved complex and subjective judgements and                       the relevant economic and industry forecasts, including certain
  assumptions, such as future cash flow projections using revenue,                forecasts sourced from independent parties; and
  gross margin, long-term growth rate of revenue and discount
  rate. The estimation of the recoverable amount is subject to high           –   discount rate, by comparing it with the cost of capital of
  degree of estimation uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to              comparable companies.
  the impairment assessment of capitalised development costs is
  considered significant due to subjectivity of significant assumptions       We performed sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions of
  used by management and significant judgements involved in                   the cash flow forecasts by considering the likelihood of such a
  selecting data.                                                             movement in those key assumptions arising.

                                                                              We also considered whether the judgements made in selecting
                                                                              the significant assumptions and data would give rise to indicators
                                                                              of possible management bias.

                                                                              We found key assumptions made by the management in relation
                                                                              to the value in use calculations to be reasonable based on the
                                                                              available evidence.

160
                                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2021




                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matter                                                         How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment assessment on the goodwill included in
investment in a joint venture (the “Goodwill Impairment
Assessment”)

Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and judgements)              We assessed the competency, capabilities and objectivity of the
and Note 11 (Investments in joint ventures and associates) to the           External Valuer.
consolidated financial statements.
                                                                            We obtained an understanding of the management’s internal
As at 31 December 2021, the Group has goodwill of approximately             controls and assessment process of the Goodwill Impairment
RMB2,895,293,000 in relation to its investment in a joint venture,          Assessment and assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement
GAC Mitsubishi.                                                             by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and other
                                                                            inherent risk factors.
Management assessed the recoverable amount of the investment
in GAC Mitsubishi with the assistance of an independent external            We evaluated the outcome of prior period assessment of the
valuer (the “External Valuer”) and concluded that there was no              Goodwill Impairment Assessment to assess the effectiveness of
impairment in respect of the goodwill included in the investment            management’s estimation process.
in GAC Mitsubishi. This conclusion was based on fair value less
cost of disposal model, applying discounted cash flow method,               We evaluated and tested the key controls over the Goodwill
which involved significant management judgements with respect               Impairment Assessment.
to the discount rate and the underlying cash flows, in particular
future revenue growth.                                                      We obtained and understood the Goodwill Impairment Assessment
                                                                            to assess whether or not the recoverable amount of the investment
We focused on auditing the Goodwill Impairment Assessment                   in GAC Mitsubishi was below its carrying value.
because the estimation of recoverable amount is subject to high
degree of estimation uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to the      We assessed the methodology applied and the appropriateness of
Goodwill Impairment Assessment is considered significant due to             the key assumptions used in the management’s cash flow forecast,
subjectivity of significant assumptions used by management and              including comparing the revenue growth rates with historical results
significant judgements involved in selecting data.                          and published industrial forecasts issued by recognised third party
                                                                            industry analysts.

                                                                            We assessed the discount rate by evaluating the cost of capital
                                                                            for the investment in GAC Mitsubishi and selected comparable
                                                                            companies with the involvement of our internal valuation specialists.

                                                                            We performed sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions of
                                                                            the cash flow forecasts by considering the likelihood of such a
                                                                            movement in those key assumptions arising.

                                                                            We also considered whether the judgements made in selecting
                                                                            the significant assumptions and data would give rise to indicators
                                                                            of possible management bias.

                                                                            We found the key assumptions made by the management in
                                                                            relation to the fair value less cost of disposal calculations to be
                                                                            reasonable based on the available evidence.


                                                                                                                                                    161
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  Other Information
  The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of
  the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
  report thereon.


  Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
  any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


  In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
  information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
  financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


  If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
  information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



  Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial Statements
  The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
  give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
  the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
  enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
  due to fraud or error.


  In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
  to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
  concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
  have no realistic alternative but to do so.


  The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




162
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
      due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
      material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
      collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
      are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
      of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
      that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
      that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
      disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
      opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
      However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                                                     163
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
        the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
        and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


  •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
        activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
        responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible
        for our audit opinion.


  We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
  the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
  during our audit.


  We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
  regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
  be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
  applied.


  From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
  significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
  key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
  disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
  be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
  to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


  The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lam, Wai Nang.




  PricewaterhouseCoopers
  Certified Public Accountants


  Hong Kong, 30 March 2022




164
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET
                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                    2021                  2020
                                                        Note     RMB’000               RMB’000


ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                           7       19,475,570           20,073,210
Right-of-use assets                                     8        6,817,666            6,909,008
Investment properties                                   9        1,871,624            1,387,545
Intangible assets                                       10      13,581,219           12,258,613
Investments in joint ventures and associates            11      36,926,987           33,403,563
Deferred income tax assets                              13       2,833,925            2,123,604
Financial assets at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                  14       1,597,702              630,703
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   15       1,945,627            4,375,256
Prepayments and other long-term receivables             16       8,008,623            5,056,277

                                                                93,058,943           86,217,779

Current assets
Inventories                                             17       8,110,960            6,621,580
Trade and other receivables                             18      25,110,073           19,615,555
Financial assets at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                  14         709,064              310,690
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   15       3,225,636            1,595,011
Time deposits                                           19       5,176,560           10,624,362
Restricted cash                                         20       1,624,390            2,084,314
Cash and cash equivalents                               21      17,234,963           15,791,397

                                                                61,191,646           56,642,909

Total assets                                                   154,250,589         142,860,688

LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                25         773,048              530,786
Borrowings                                              26       7,526,724            8,473,173
Lease liabilities                                        8       1,270,196            1,303,479
Deferred income tax liabilities                         13         144,418              138,032
Provisions                                              27         559,341              602,579
Government grants                                       28       2,195,521            2,555,825

                                                                12,469,248           13,603,874



                                                                                                   165
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                    2021           2020
                                                                   Note          RMB’000        RMB’000

      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                     25          35,863,483     33,971,538
      Contract liabilities                                         6(a)         2,626,902      1,492,859
      Current income tax liabilities                                              202,040        103,049
      Borrowings                                                   26           9,888,738      6,504,211
      Lease liabilities                                             8             193,531        209,062
      Provisions                                                   27             357,862        262,467

                                                                               49,132,556     42,543,186

      Total liabilities                                                        61,601,804     56,147,060

      Net assets                                                               92,648,785     86,713,628

      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                22          10,370,593     10,349,697
      Reserves                                                     24          29,345,460     28,928,263
      Retained earnings                                            24          50,597,258     45,097,071


      Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company               90,313,311     84,375,031
      Non-controlling interests                                                 2,335,474      2,338,597

      Total equity                                                             92,648,785     86,713,628


  The notes on pages 173 to 329 are an integral part of these financial statements.


  The financial statements on pages 165 to 172 were approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2022
  and were signed on its behalf:




  Zeng Qinghong                                          Feng Xingya
  Director                                               Director




166
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                    2021                  2020
                                                       Note      RMB’000               RMB’000


Revenue                                                 6       75,675,765           63,156,985
Cost of sales                                           29     (71,776,845)         (60,860,992)


Gross profit                                                    3,898,920             2,295,993

Selling and distribution costs                          29      (4,339,756)          (3,641,480)
Administrative expenses                                 29      (4,556,045)          (3,850,327)
Net impairment losses on financial assets              3.1.2      (143,468)              (55,110)
Interest income                                         32         257,438              304,233
Other gains – net                                       31       1,257,349            1,379,690


Operating loss                                                  (3,625,562)          (3,567,001)

Interest income                                         32         58,558                127,551
Finance costs                                           33       (425,316)              (439,567)
Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates
  accounted for using the equity method                 11     11,403,900             9,570,978


Profit before income tax                                        7,411,580             5,691,961

Income tax credit                                       34        154,117               355,990


Profit for the year                                             7,565,697             6,047,951

Profit is attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                           7,511,030             5,964,055
Non-controlling interests                                          54,667                83,896


                                                                7,565,697             6,047,951




                                                                                                    167
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2021            2020
                                                                       Note      RMB’000         RMB’000


      Other comprehensive (loss)/income

      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
         – exchange differences on translation of foreign operations   24,35           (3,296)      (5,128)
         – changes in the fair value of debt instruments at fair
             value through other comprehensive income                   35             3,129             –
         – impairment loss on debt instruments at fair value
             through other comprehensive income                         35               718             –
         – share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures
             and associates accounted for using the equity method      24,35             112          335
      Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to
         profit or loss
         – changes in the fair value of equity investments at
             fair value through other comprehensive (loss)/income       35        (234,356)       133,153
         – share of other comprehensive loss of joint ventures
             and associates accounted for using the equity method      24,35          (64,742)           –
         – remeasurement of post-employment benefit obligations                        (4,240)           –


      Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year,
       net of tax                                                                 (302,675)       128,360


      Total comprehensive income for the year                                    7,263,022       6,176,311


      Total comprehensive income attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                      7,206,568       6,092,415
      Non-controlling interests                                                     56,454          83,896


                                                                                 7,263,022       6,176,311


      Earnings per share for profit attributable to ordinary
       equity holders of the Company (expressed in RMB
       per share)
       – basic earnings per share                                       36               0.73         0.58


       – diluted earnings per share                                     36               0.73         0.58


  The notes on pages 173 to 329 are an integral part of these financial statements.

168
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                              Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                       Non-
                                           Share                     Retained                    controlling        Total
                                          capital     Reserves       earnings         Total        interests       equity
                                         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


Balance as at 1 January 2020            10,237,708   28,144,766     41,805,637     80,188,111     2,320,135    82,508,246

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                              –             –     5,964,055      5,964,055        83,896     6,047,951
Other comprehensive income,
 net of tax                                      –      128,360               –       128,360             –       128,360


Total comprehensive income                       –      128,360      5,964,055      6,092,415        83,896     6,176,311


Transactions with owners in their
 capacity as owners
Appropriation to statutory surplus
 reserve fund                                    –      757,660       (757,660)             –             –              –
Appropriation to general reserve fund            –       72,167         (72,167)            –             –              –
Dividend declared by the Company
 and subsidiaries                                –             –    (1,842,794)    (1,842,794)      (67,788)    (1,910,582)
Contribution from non-controlling
 shareholders of subsidiaries                    –             –              –             –        17,670        17,670
Transactions with non-controlling
 interests(Note 40)                              –       (4,441)              –        (4,441)      (15,134)       (19,575)
Employee share-based awards
 scheme (Note 23)
 – Value of employee services                   –      (195,528)              –      (195,528)            –       (195,528)
 – Proceeds from shares issued            111,766        (14,148)             –        97,618             –         97,618
Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
 – Conversion of convertible bonds            223         2,957               –         3,180             –         3,180
Others                                          –        36,470               –        36,470          (182)       36,288


Total transactions with owners in
 their capacity as owners                 111,989       655,137     (2,672,621)    (1,905,495)      (65,434)    (1,970,929)


Balance as at 31 December 2020          10,349,697   28,928,263     45,097,071     84,375,031     2,338,597    86,713,628




                                                                                                                              169
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                         Non-
                                              Share                    Retained                    controlling       Total
                                             capital     Reserves      earnings        Total         interests      equity
                                            RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


      Balance as at 1 January 2021         10,349,697   28,928,263    45,097,071    84,375,031      2,338,597    86,713,628

      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                           –            –     7,511,030     7,511,030         54,667     7,565,697
      Other comprehensive (loss)/income,
       net of tax                                   –     (304,462)            –      (304,462)         1,787      (302,675)


      Total comprehensive (loss)/income             –     (304,462)    7,511,030     7,206,568         56,454     7,263,022


      Transfer of gains on disposal of
       financial instruments to retained
       earnings (Note 24(iii))                      –      (59,770)      59,770                –            –             –
      Transactions with owners in their
       capacity as owners
      Dividend declared by the Company
       and subsidiaries                             –            –    (2,070,613)   (2,070,613)       (57,623)   (2,128,236)
      Contribution from non-controlling
       shareholders of subsidiaries                 –            –             –               –       71,742       71,742
      Transactions with non-controlling
       interests(Note 40)                           –       22,746             –          22,746      (73,714)      (50,968)
      Employee share-based awards
       scheme (Note 23)
       – Value of employee services                 –      508,465             –         508,465            –      508,465
       – Proceeds from shares issued            8,130       73,031             –          81,161            –       81,161
      Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
       – Conversion of convertible bonds      12,766       168,916             –         181,682            –      181,682
      Others                                       –         8,271             –           8,271           18        8,289


      Total transactions with owners in
       their capacity as owners               20,896       781,429    (2,070,613)   (1,268,288)       (59,577)   (1,327,865)


      Balance as at 31 December 2021       10,370,593   29,345,460    50,597,258    90,313,311      2,335,474    92,648,785


  The notes on pages 173 to 329 are an integral part of these financial statements.



170
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2021




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                            2021                  2020
                                                               Note      RMB’000               RMB’000


Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash used in operations                                       38(a)    (5,817,201)          (3,188,165)
 Interest received                                                         349,895              441,744
 Interest paid                                                            (703,849)            (635,841)
 Income tax paid                                                          (320,284)            (288,480)


Net cash used in operating activities                                   (6,491,439)          (3,670,742)


Cash flows from investing activities
 Purchases of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
   assets, investment properties and intangible assets                  (6,242,944)          (6,585,557)
 Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
   and intangible assets                                                   124,964               102,865
 Additional capital injection in joint ventures                         (2,339,317)             (932,126)
 Additional capital injection in associates                             (1,054,624)             (406,493)
 Set-up of joint ventures                                                 (278,562)             (173,530)
 Set-up of associates                                                      (16,250)             (107,410)
 Disposals or capital reduction of joint ventures
   and associates                                                         175,437                 93,340
 Acquisition of investment in financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss, other comprehensive income
   and at amortised cost                                                (6,016,696)          (4,952,216)
 Disposal of investment in financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss, other comprehensive income
   and at amortised cost                                                5,620,869             4,149,298
 Proceeds from investment income from financial
   instruments                                                            174,444               171,296
 Granting of entrusted loans                                             (514,500)           (1,029,961)
 Proceeds from repayment of entrusted loans                               781,536               506,546
 Receipt of government grants related to assets                           209,418               245,133
 Dividends received                                                    11,189,729             9,730,316
 Decrease/(increase) in time deposits                                   5,421,155            (3,698,816)
 Payment for investment deposits                                                –                (50,969)


Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                  7,234,659            (2,938,284)




                                                                                                               171
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS



                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2021            2020
                                                                    Note         RMB’000         RMB’000


      Cash flows from financing activities
       Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares under
         employee share-based awards scheme                                           82,211       97,618
       Proceeds from issuance of restricted shares under
         employee incentive scheme                                                         –      509,486
       Contribution from non-controlling shareholders of
         subsidiaries                                                              31,500           17,670
       Dividend paid to shareholders of the Company                            (2,070,613)     (1,842,794)
       Dividend paid to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                 (64,795)         (73,578)
       Proceeds from bank borrowings (excluding
         securitization debts)                                      38(c)      10,426,845       8,926,433
       Proceeds from securitization debts                           38(c)       2,087,721                –
       Repayments of borrowings (excluding securitization debts)    38(c)      (9,490,792)     (8,428,429)
       Repayments of securitization debts                           38(c)        (449,300)               –
       Disposal/(acquisition) of repurchasing financial assets      38(c)         426,884        (150,143)
       Transactions with non-controlling interests                   40                 –          (19,575)
       Principal element of lease payments                          38(c)        (210,068)       (238,952)
       Other proceeds from financing activities                     38(c)           7,094           24,259


      Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                         776,687   (1,178,005)


      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                      1,519,907       (7,787,031)
       Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                      15,791,397      23,604,986
       Exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents                               (76,341)          (26,558)


      Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                             17,234,963      15,791,397


  The notes on pages 173 to 329 are an integral part of these financial statements




172
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1    GENERAL INFORMATION
     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are
     principally engaged in the manufacturing and sale of automobiles, engines and other automotive parts and
     rendering of financial services. The Company’s holding company is Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group
     Co., Ltd. (“GAIG”), a state-owned enterprise incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


     The registered address of the Company is 23/F, Chengyue Building, No. 448 – No. 458, Dong Feng
     Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, the PRC.


     The Company was established in June 1997 as a limited liability company in the PRC. In June 2005,
     the Company underwent a reorganisation and transformed itself into a joint stock company with limited
     liability under the Company Law of the PRC. The Company’s shares have been listed on Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange (the “HKSE”) and Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”) since 30 August 2010 and 29 March
     2012, respectively.


     These financial statements are presented in thousands of Renminbi Yuan (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are
     set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
     stated.


     2.1   Basis of preparation
           The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all
           applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of
           the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap.622. The consolidated financial statements have been
           prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets which are measured at fair
           value.


           The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
           accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of
           applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or
           complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
           statements are disclosed in Note 4.




                                                                                                                   173
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

             2.1.1 Accounting policy and disclosures
                  (a)   New and amended standards and interpretations adopted by the Group
                        The Group has applied the following standards and amendments to existing standards
                        and interpretation for the first time for their annual reporting period commencing 1
                        January 2021:


                        Standards/Amendments                             Subject of Standards/Amendments


                        HKFRS 4, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,                       Interest Rate Benchmark Reform-Phase 2
                         HKFRS 16 and HKAS 39
                         (Amendments)
                        HKFRS 16 (Amendments) (i)                        Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions

                        (i)   Any rent concession related to Covid-19 affects only payments due on or before 30 June 2022.


                        The standards and amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts
                        recognised in prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or
                        future periods.




174
                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

           2.1.1 Accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)
                (b)   New standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations not yet
                      adopted
                      Certain new accounting standards, amendements to existing standards and
                      interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 31 December 2021
                      reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the Group. These standards,
                      amendments and interpretations are not expected to have a material impact on the
                      Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

                                                                                                 Effective for accounting
                      Standards/Amendments/               Subject of standards /                 periods beginning on or
                      Interpretations                     amendments/interpretations             after


                      HKAS 16 (Amendments)                Property, Plant and Equipment:           1 January 2022
                                                             Proceeds before Intended Use
                      HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                Reference to the Conceptual              1 January 2022
                                                             Framework
                      HKAS 37 (Amendments)                Onerous Contracts – Cost of              1 January 2022
                                                             Fulfilling a Contract
                      Revised Accounting Guideline 5      Merger Accounting for Common             1 January 2022
                                                             Control Combinations
                      Annual Improvements to HKFRS        Amendments to HKFRS1, HKFRS9, 1 January 2022
                        standards 2018-2020                  HKFRS16 and HKAS41
                      HKFRS 17                            Insurance Contracts                      1 January 2023
                      HKAS 1 (Amendments)                 Classification of Liabilities as Current 1 January 2023
                                                             or Non-current
                      HKAS 1and HKFRS Practice            Disclosure of Accounting Policies        1 January 2023
                        Statement 2 (Amendments)
                      HKAS 8 (Amendments)                 Definition of Accounting Estimates     1 January 2023
                      HKAS 12 (Amendments)                Deferred Tax related to Assets and     1 January 2023
                                                            Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                            Transaction
                      Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)   Presentation of Financial Statements   Applied when an entity
                                                            – Classification by the Borrower      applies “HKAS 1
                                                            of a Term Loan that Contains a        (Amendments)”
                                                            Repayment on Demand Clause
                      HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                Sale or Contribution of Assets         To be determined
                        (Amendments)                        between an Investor and its
                                                            Associate or Joint Venture


                                                                                                                            175
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.2   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

             2.2.1 Subsidiaries
                  Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control.
                  The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
                  from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
                  power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date
                  on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
                  control ceases.


                  The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the
                  Group (refer to Note 2.3).


                  Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                  companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                  evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
                  been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


                  Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in
                  the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of change in
                  equity, consolidated balance sheet, respectively.


             2.2.2 Associates
                  Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or
                  joint control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of
                  the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of
                  accounting (Note 2.2.4), after initially being recognised at cost.


             2.2.3 Joint ventures
                  Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements investments in joint arrangements are classified as
                  either joint operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights
                  and obligations of each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement. The
                  Group only has joint ventures.

                  Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (Note 2.2.4), after initially
                  being recognised at cost in the consolidated balance sheet.


176
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.2   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

           2.2.4 Equity method
                Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and
                adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of
                the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive
                income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable
                from associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of
                the investment.


                When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its
                interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does
                not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf
                of the other entity.


                Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
                eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also
                eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
                Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where necessary to
                ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


                The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance
                with the policy described in Note 2.11.


           2.2.5 Changes in ownership interests
                The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
                control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results
                in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests
                to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the
                adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised
                in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the Company.




                                                                                                                  177
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.2   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

             2.2.5 Changes in ownership interests (Continued)
                   When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss
                   of control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured
                   to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value
                   becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the
                   retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts
                   previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted
                   for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean
                   that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or
                   loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.


                   If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control
                   or significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously
                   recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


       2.3   Business combinations
             The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless
             of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the
             acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:


             •     fair values of the assets transferred


             •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business


             •     equity interests issued by the Group


             •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and


             •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.




178
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.3   Business combinations (Continued)
           Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
           are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group
           recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis
           either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s
           net identifiable assets.

           Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


           The excess of the


           •     consideration transferred,


           •     amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and


           •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity


           over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts
           are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is
           recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.


           Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future
           are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the
           entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained
           from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration
           is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are
           subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.


           If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
           previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date.
           Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                      179
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.4   Separate financial statements
             Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
             costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
             dividend received and receivable.


             Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
             these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
             period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
             statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s
             net assets including goodwill.


       2.5   Segment reporting
             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
             chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating
             resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as executive
             directors that make strategic decisions.


       2.6   Foreign currency translation

             (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                   Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                   the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                   currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which
                   is the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.




180
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.6   Foreign currency translation (Continued)

           (b)   Transactions and balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange
                 rates at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the
                 settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities
                 denominated in foreign currencies at year-end exchange rates are generally recognised in
                 profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and
                 qualifying net investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign
                 operation.

                 Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated
                 statement of comprehensive income within ‘finance costs’. All other foreign exchange gains
                 and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income within
                 ‘other gains – net’.


           (c)   Group companies
                 The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of
                 a hyper-inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation
                 currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:


                 (i)     assets and liabilities for each consolidated balance sheet presented are translated at
                         the closing rate at the date of that consolidated balance sheet;


                 (ii)    income and expenses for each consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                         are translated at average exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable
                         approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates,
                         in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                         transactions); and


                 (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                        181
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.6   Foreign currency translation (Continued)

             (c)   Group companies (Continued)
                   On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in
                   foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of
                   such investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation
                   is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated
                   exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.


                   Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated
                   as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


             (d)   Disposal of foreign operation and partial disposal
                   On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in
                   a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a
                   foreign operation, a disposal involving loss of joint control over a joint venture that includes
                   a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of significant influence over an associate
                   that includes a foreign operation), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in
                   respect of that operation attributable to the equity holders of the Company are reclassified
                   to profit or loss.


                   In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a
                   subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency
                   translation differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised
                   in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (that is, reductions in the Group’s ownership
                   interest in associates or joint ventures that do not result in the Group losing significant
                   influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange difference
                   is reclassified to profit or loss.




182
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.7   Property, plant and equipment
           Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. All property, plant and equipment are stated at
           historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to
           the acquisition of the items.


           Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset,
           as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item
           will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of
           the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss
           during the financial period in which they are incurred.


           Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual
           amounts, net of their residual values, over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


                                                                               Useful lives        Residual rate


           – Buildings                                                          20-50 years               0%-10%
           – Machinery                                                           5-15 years               0%-10%
           – Vehicles                                                            4-12 years               0%-10%
           – Moulds                                                               3-5 years               0%-10%
           – Office and other equipment                                          3-20 years               0%-12%
           – Leasehold improvements                                              2-20 years                   0%


           Furniture, fittings and equipment include assets received in the form of free store fit outs are
           recognised at their fair value. These assets and other leasehold improvements are depreciated
           over the shorter of their useful life or the lease term, unless the entity expects to use the assets
           beyond the lease term.


           The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end
           of each reporting period.


           An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
           carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.


           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount
           and are recognised within “other gains – net” in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


                                                                                                                     183
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.8   Construction in progress
             Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment and investment properties
             under construction and pending installation and is stated at cost less accumulated impairment
             losses, if any. Cost includes the costs of construction of buildings, the cost of plant and machinery
             and interest charges arising from borrowings used to finance these assets during the period of
             construction or installation and testing, if any. No provision for depreciation is made on construction
             in progress until such time as the relevant assets are completed and are available for intended use.
             When the assets concerned are brought into use, the costs are transferred to property, plant and
             equipment and investment properties and depreciated in accordance with the policy as stated in
             the preceding paragraphs.


       2.9   Investment properties
             Properties that are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that are
             not occupied by the Group, are classified as investment properties. The Group applies cost model
             for recognition of investment properties.


             Investment properties are measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs. After
             initial recognition, investment properties are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation
             and impairment losses.

             Subsequent expenditure is charged to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that
             future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item
             can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed in the consolidated
             statement of comprehensive income during the financial period in which they are incurred.


             Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual
             values over their estimated useful lives of 20 to 50 years with residual value of 0% to 10%.


             The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
             each reporting period. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable
             amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.




184
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.10 Intangible assets

          (a)   Goodwill
                Goodwill is measured as described in Note 2.3. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is
                included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually,
                or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired,
                and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal
                of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.


                Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of impairment testing.
                The allocation is made to those CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from
                the business combination in which the goodwill arose. Each unit or group of units are identified
                at the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes,
                being the operating segment.


          (b)   Patent, proprietary technology and franchise right
                Purchased patents, proprietary technology and franchise right are initially recorded at actual
                cost and are amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives of 5 to 10 years.


          (c)   Computer software
                Acquired computer software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to
                acquire and bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised on a straight-line
                basis over their estimated useful lives of 2 to 10 years.




                                                                                                                    185
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.10 Intangible assets (Continued)

            (d)   Research and development costs
                  Research costs are expensed as incurred. An intangible asset arising from development
                  expenditure on the Group’s proprietary brands project is recognised only when the Group
                  can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be
                  available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how
                  the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete and
                  the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Following the initial
                  recognition of the development expenditure, the cost model is applied requiring the asset to
                  be carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
                  Any expenditure capitalised is amortised over the period of expected future sales from the
                  related project for 5 years.


                  The carrying value of development costs is reviewed for impairment annually when the asset
                  is not yet in use, or more frequently when an indication of impairment arises during a financial
                  period.


       2.11 Impairment of non-financial assets
            Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation
            and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
            indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for
            impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
            not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying
            amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
            value less cost of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are
            grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (CGUs). Non-
            financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal
            of the impairment at each reporting date.




186
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.12 Investments and other financial assets

          2.12.1 Classification
                The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:


                •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive
                      income (”OCI”), or through profit or loss), and


                •     those to be measured at amortised cost.


                The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets
                and the contractual terms of the cash flows.


                For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss
                or OCI. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend
                on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to
                account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (”FVOCI”).


                The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                those assets changes.


          2.12.2 Recognition and derecognition
                Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date
                on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised
                when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been
                transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.


          2.12.3 Measurement
                At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case
                of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), transaction costs that are
                directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial
                assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.


                Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




                                                                                                                    187
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.12 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

            2.12.3 Measurement (Continued)
                  Debt instruments
                  Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model
                  for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
                  measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                  •    Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where
                       those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at
                       amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income
                       using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is
                       recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in “other gains – net”, together with
                       foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented in the statement
                       of comprehensive income.


                  •    FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                       financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal
                       and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken
                       through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income
                       and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When
                       the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised
                       in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in “other gains –
                       net”. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using
                       the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented
                       in “other gains – net” and impairment expenses are presented in the statement of
                       comprehensive income gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented in the
                       statement of comprehensive income.


                  •    FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured
                       at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL
                       is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within “other gains – net” in the period
                       in which it arises.




188
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.12 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

          2.12.3 Measurement (Continued)
                Equity instruments
                The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in
                OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss
                following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to
                be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments
                is established.


                Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in “other gains – net” in
                the statement of comprehensive income as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of
                impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately
                from other changes in fair value.


          2.12.4 Impairment
                The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its
                debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied
                depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


                For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
                requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables,
                see Note 18 for further details.


     2.13 Offsetting financial instruments
          Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated balance
          sheet when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an
          intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The
          legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the
          normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company
          or the counterparty.




                                                                                                                  189
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.14 Financial guarantee contracts
            Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is
            issued. The liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of


            •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9
                  Financial Instruments and


            •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
                  recognised in accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
                  Customers.


            The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference
            in cash flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instruments and the
            payments that would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be
            payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.


            Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no
            compensation, the fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the
            cost of the investment.


       2.15 Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials,
            direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter
            being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Costs are assigned to individual items of
            inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after
            deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
            course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
            make the sale.




190
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.16 Trade and other receivables
          Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the
          ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or
          less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets.
          If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

          Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
          they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
          holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
          measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. See Note 2.12.4
          for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.


     2.17 Cash and cash equivalents
          For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash
          equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term, highly liquid
          investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
          amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


     2.18 Share capital
          Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new
          shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


     2.19 Trade and other payables
          These amounts represent obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the
          ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current
          liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business
          if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.


          They are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
          effective interest method.




                                                                                                                         191
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.20 Borrowings
            Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
            subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
            costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings
            using the effective interest method.

            The fair value of the liability component of a convertible bond is determined using a market interest
            rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond. This amount is recorded as a liability on an amortised
            cost basis until extinguished on conversion or maturity of the bonds. The remainder of the proceeds
            is allocated to the conversion option. This is recognised and included in shareholders’ equity, net
            of income tax effects.


            Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
            settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.


       2.21 Borrowing costs
            General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
            of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready
            for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
            are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

            Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
            expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


            Other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




192
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.22 Installment credit and nonrecourse securitization debt
          The Group securitises various financial lease receivables, which generally results in the sale of
          these assets to special purpose entities, which issue debt securities to third party investors. The
          rights and interests of securitized financial assets are embodied in the form of senior tranche or
          subordinated tranche. Subordinated asset backed securities and notes shall not be transferred.

          When the asset securitization transaction leads to the derecognition or partial derecognition of
          financial assets, gains or losses on asset securitization transactions depend in part on the carrying
          amount of the transferred financial assets, allocated between the financial assets derecognised and
          the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of the transfer. Gains or losses
          on asset-backed securities are recorded in profit or loss.


          In applying its policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the degree
          of transfer of risks and rewards on assets transferred and the degree of control exercised by the
          Group over the financial assets:


          —     when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
                assets, the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;


          —     when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
                assets, the Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and


          —     when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risk and rewards of ownership
                of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the
                financial assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets
                and recognise separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained
                in the transfer. If the Group has retained control, it continues to recognise the financial assets
                to the extent of its continuing involvement in the financial assets.




                                                                                                                    193
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.23 Current and deferred income tax
            The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or
            loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or
            directly in equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
            in equity, respectively.


            (a)   Current income tax
                  The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
                  substantively enacted at the consolidated balance sheet date in the countries where the
                  Company’s subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures operate and generate taxable income.
                  Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
                  which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable
                  that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax
                  balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which
                  method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.


            (b)   Deferred income tax
                  Inside basis differences
                  Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
                  between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
                  financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the
                  initial recognition of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from
                  initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that
                  at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred
                  income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
                  enacted by the consolidated balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related
                  deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.


                  Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future
                  taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.


                  Outside basis differences
                  Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries,
                  associates and joint ventures, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the
                  reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the
                  temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

194
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.23 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

          (c)   Offsetting
                Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right
                to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes
                assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
                taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances
                on a net basis.


     2.24 Employee benefits

          (a)   Short-term obligations
                Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and annual leave that
                are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the
                employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to
                the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when
                the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations
                in the consolidated balance sheet.


          (b)   Post-employment obligations
                The Group operates various post-employment schemes, including both defined benefit and
                defined contribution pension plans and post-employment medical plans.


                Pension obligations
                The liability or asset recognised in the consolidated balance sheet in respect of defined
                benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the
                reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation is calculated
                annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method.


                The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated
                future cash outflows using interest rates of government bonds that are denominated in the
                currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms approximating to the terms
                of the related obligation.




                                                                                                                    195
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.24 Employee benefits (Continued)

            (b)   Post-employment obligations (Continued)
                  Pension obligations (Continued)
                  The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the
                  defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee
                  benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.


                  Remeasurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in
                  actuarial assumptions are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in other
                  comprehensive income. They are included in retained earnings in the consolidated statement
                  of changes in equity and in the consolidated balance sheet.


                  Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments
                  or curtailments are recognised immediately in profit or loss as past service costs.


                  The Group participates in the defined contribution employee retirement schemes regarding
                  pension benefits required under existing PRC legislation. The defined contribution plan is a
                  pension plan under which the Group pays contributions into a separate entity. The Group
                  has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold
                  sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current
                  and prior periods.


                  Other post-employment obligations
                  Some group companies provide post-retirement healthcare benefits to their retirees. The
                  entitlement to these benefits is usually conditional on the employee remaining in service
                  up to retirement age and the completion of a minimum service period. The expected costs
                  of these benefits are accrued over the period of employment using the same accounting
                  methodology as used for defined benefit pension plans. Remeasurement gains and losses
                  arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or
                  credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. These
                  obligations are valued annually by independent qualified actuaries.




196
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.24 Employee benefits (Continued)

          (c)   Termination benefits
                Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the
                normal retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange
                for these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following
                dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when
                the entity recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves
                the payment of termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees
                expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the
                reporting period are discounted to their present value.


     2.25 Share-based payments

          Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
          The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan, under which the entity
          receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (share options and
          restricted shares, collectively, “Share-based Awards”) of the Group. The fair value of the employee
          services received in exchange for the grant of the Share-based Awards is recognised as an expense.
          The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the Share-based
          Awards granted:


          •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);


          •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for
                example, profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a
                specified time period); and


          •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees
                to save or holding shares for a specified period of time).




                                                                                                                  197
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.25 Share-based payments (Continued)

            Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (Continued)
            At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of Share-
            based Awards that are expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service
            conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss,
            with a corresponding adjustment to equity.


            When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of
            any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (and share premium).


       2.26 Provisions
            Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result
            of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and
            the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.


            Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required
            in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is
            recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same
            class of obligations may be small.


            Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle
            the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
            money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time
            is recognised as interest expense.


            Provision for product warranties granted by the Group for certain products are recognised based
            on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their present
            value as appropriate.


            Provision for off-balance sheet related activities of a subsidiary providing financing services are
            recognised based on expected credit loss assessed based on a forward looking basis.




198
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.27 Revenue recognition
          The Group manufactures and sells a range of passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, engines and
          automotive parts to its customers. Sales revenue are recognised when control of the goods has
          transferred to the customers and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s
          acceptance of the products.

          Sales revenue are recorded based on the price stated in the sales contracts, net of the sales
          rebates and discounts.


          Revenue from provision of services, primarily comprising transportation services, repair and
          maintenance services and optional warranty, etc., is recognised in the accounting period in which
          the services are rendered as the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits
          provided by the Group’s performance when the Group performs.


          In multiple element arrangements, the transaction price is allocated to the different performance
          obligations of the contract on the basis of relative standalone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling
          prices are not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or
          adjusted market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.


          A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
          entity has transferred to the customer. A contract asset becomes a receivable when the entity’s
          right to consideration is unconditional, which is the case when only the passage of time is required
          before payment of the consideration is due.


          If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
          unconditional, before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, the Group presents the
          contract as a contract liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever
          is earlier). A contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
          for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
          customer.




                                                                                                                     199
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.28 Dividend income
            Dividends are received from financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and at
            fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends are recognised as other gains in profit
            or loss when the right to receive payment is established. This applies even if they are paid out of
            pre-acquisition profits, unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of an
            investment. In this case, the dividend is recognised in OCI if it relates to an investment measured
            at FVOCI. However, the investment may need to be tested for impairment as a consequence.


       2.29 Earnings per share
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company,
            excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares by the weighted average number
            of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary
            shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.


            Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share
            to take into account the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with
            dilutive potential ordinary shares, and the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares
            that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.




200
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.30 Insurance services

          (a)   Insurance contracts
                Insurance contracts are those contracts under which the Group has accepted significant
                insurance risk from the policyholders by agreeing to compensate the policyholders if a
                specified uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholders.
                Insurance contracts are classified as direct insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts.
                The significance of insurance risk as determined by the Group is mainly dependent on the
                magnitude of its potential effect.


          (b)   Significant insurance risk testing
                For the insurance contracts issued by the Group, tests are performed to determine if the
                contracts contain significant insurance risk, and contracts of similar nature are grouped
                together for this purpose. When performing the significant insurance risk test, the Group
                makes judgments in sequence as to whether the contract transfers insurance risk, whether the
                contract has commercial substance, and whether the transferred insurance risk is significant.


          (c)   Revenue from gross premium
                Premium income and reinsurance premium income is recognised when the insurance contracts
                are issued, related insurance risk is undertaken by the Group, it is probable that related
                economic benefits will flow to the Group and related income can be reliably measured.


          (d)   Revenue from reinsurance
                The Group undertakes inward and outward reinsurance in the normal course of operations.
                Reinsurance premiums are recognised as revenue in accordance with the terms stated in
                the reinsurance contracts.




                                                                                                                201
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.30 Insurance services (Continued)

            (d)   Revenue from reinsurance (Continued)
                  (i)    Outward reinsurance business
                         Outward reinsurance arrangements do not relieve the Group from its obligations to
                         policyholders. When recognizing premium income from insurance contracts, the Group
                         calculates to determine the amount of premium ceded and reinsurers’ share of expenses
                         and recognise them through profit or loss according to reinsurance contracts. When
                         calculating unearned premium reserves and claim reserves of insurance contracts,
                         the Group estimates the reinsurance related cash flows according to the reinsurance
                         contracts, considers the risk margin when determining the amount of insurance contract
                         reserves to be recovered from reinsurers, and recognises reinsurers’ share of insurance
                         contract liabilities. When insurance contract liabilities are reduced for actual payment of
                         claims and claim expenses, reinsurers’ shareof insurance contract liabilities are reduced
                         accordingly. In the meantime, the Group calculates to determine the amount of claim
                         expenses to be recovered from the reinsurers according to the reinsurance contracts
                         and recognises the amount through profit or loss. When there is an early termination
                         of an insurance contract, the Group calculates to determine the adjustment amount
                         of premium ceded and reinsurers’ share of expenses according to the reinsurance
                         contracts and recognises the amount through profit or loss, and the balance of
                         reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities is reversed accordingly.


                  (ii)   Inward reinsurance business
                         During the period of recognising reinsurance premium income, the Group determines
                         reinsurance expenses according to the reinsurance contracts and recognises the
                         expenses through profit or loss.


                         Upon receipt of the statement of the reinsurance business, the Group adjusts the
                         reinsurance premium income and reinsurance expenses, and then recognises the
                         adjusted amounts through profit or loss according to the ceding company statements.




202
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.31 Lease

         (a)   Operating lease
               (i)   The Group as a lessee under operating lease
                     Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date
                     at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.


                     Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates
                     the consideration in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on
                     their relative stand-alone prices. However, for leases for which the Group is a lessee,
                     it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components and instead accounts
                     for these as a single lease component.


                     Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different
                     terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than
                     the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets
                     may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


                     Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value
                     basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:


                     •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives
                           receivable


                     •     variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured
                           using the index or rate as at the commencement date


                     •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees


                     •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to
                           exercise that option, and


                     •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the
                           Group exercising that option.




                                                                                                              203
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.31 Lease(Continued)

            (a)   Operating lease (Continued)
                  (i)   The Group as a lessee under operating lease (Continued)
                        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also
                        included in the measurement of the liability.


                        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that
                        rate cannot be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group,
                        the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual
                        lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
                        value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms,
                        security and conditions.


                        To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:


                        •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee
                              as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third
                              party financing was received


                        •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security

                        •     If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee
                              (through recent financing or market data) which has a similar payment profile to
                              the lease, then the Group entities use that rate as a starting point to determine
                              the incremental borrowing rate.


                        Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is
                        charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic
                        rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.




204
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.31 Lease(Continued)

          (a)   Operating lease (Continued)
                (i)    The Group as a lessee under operating lease (Continued)
                       Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:


                       •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability


                       •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
                             incentives received


                       •     any initial direct costs, and


                       •     restoration.


                       Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful
                       life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to
                       exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying
                       asset’s useful life.


                       Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases
                       of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or
                       loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less without a
                       purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office
                       furniture.


                (ii)   The Group as a lessor under operating lease
                       Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income
                       on a straight-line basis over the lease term (Note 9(c)). Initial direct costs incurred in
                       obtaining an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the underlying asset
                       and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease income.
                       The respective leased assets are included in the consolidated balance sheet based
                       on their nature.




                                                                                                                  205
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.31 Lease(Continued)

            (b)   Finance lease
                  The Group as a lessor under finance lease


                  At the commencement of the lease term, the aggregate of the minimum lease receivable at
                  the inception of the lease and the initial direct costs is recognised as finance lease receivables,
                  and the unguaranteed residual value is recorded at the same time. The difference between
                  the aggregate of the minimum lease receivable, the initial direct costs and the unguaranteed
                  residual value, and the aggregate of their present values is recognised as unearned finance
                  income. The net amount of finance lease receivables less unearned finance income is divided
                  into long-term receivable and the portion of long-term receivable due within one year for
                  presentation.


                  Lease income from finance lease is recognised using the effective interest method (Note 18(e)).


       2.32 Dividend distribution
            Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s and
            Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s
            shareholders or directors, where appropriate.


       2.33 Government grants
            Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
            that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.


            Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period
            necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.


            Government grants relating to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are included in
            non-current liabilities as deferred government grants and are credited to profit or loss on a straight-
            line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.


            Government grants are deducted in reporting the related expenses, when appropriate.




206
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.34 Interest income
           Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in ‘other gains – net’.


           Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using
           the effective interest method is recognised in profit or loss as part of operating income.


           Interest income is presented as a part of non-operating income where it is earned from financial
           assets that are held for cash management purposes. Any other interest income is included in
           operating income.


           Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of
           a financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-
           impaired financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the
           financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT
     3.1   Financial risk factors
           The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange
           risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The
           Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
           and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


           Risk management is carried out by the Group’s finance department (“Group Finance”) under policies
           approved by the senior management. Group Finance identifies and evaluates financial risks in close
           co-operation with the Group’s operating units.




                                                                                                                     207
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.1 Market risk
                  (a)   Foreign exchange risk
                        The Group’s business mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions
                        denominated and settled in RMB, except that certain receivables and payables, cash
                        and cash equivalents, restricted cash and time deposits are mainly denominated in US
                        dollar (“USD”) and HK dollar (“HKD”) which are exposed to foreign currency translation
                        risk. The Group had not used any financial instrument to hedge the foreign exchange
                        risk.

                        As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group is not exposed to significant foreign
                        exchange risk.


                  (b)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                        The Group has no significant interest-bearing assets other than entrusted loans (included
                        in other receivables), time deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents.
                        The maturity terms of these assets are within 12 months so that there would not be
                        significant interest rate risk for these financial assets.


                        The Group’s interest rate risk arises from borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable
                        rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates
                        expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.


                        As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s borrowings at variable rates were denominated
                        in RMB. If interest rates on bank borrowings had been 100 basis point higher/lower
                        respectively with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit would have been
                        RMB67,142,000 (2020: RMB40,592,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/
                        lower interest expense on floating rate borrowings.


                        The Group had not used any financial instrument to hedge its exposure to interest
                        rate risk.




208
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.1 Market risk (Continued)
                 (c)   Price risk
                       The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from equity investment held by the Group
                       and classified in the consolidated balance sheet either as at FVOCI (Note 14) or FVPL
                       (Note 15). The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of the price and assesses the
                       impact on the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income. If the price
                       of the Group’s FVOCI had been 1% higher/lower, other comprehensive income (net of
                       tax) for the year ended 31 December 2021 would increase/decrease by RMB5,415,000
                       (2020: RMB4,730,000). If the price of the Group’s FVPL had been 1% higher/lower,
                       post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 would increase/decrease by
                       RMB27,781,000 (2020: RMB24,219,000).


           3.1.2 Credit risk
                 Credit risk arises from deposit with banks, contractual cash flows of debt instruments carried
                 at amortised cost, at fair value through comprehensive income and at fair value through
                 profit or loss, and trade and other receivables (excluding prepayment and value-added tax
                 recoverable).


                 The Group has three types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss
                 model:


                 •     trade receivables;


                 •     debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI; and


                 •     other financial assets at amortised cost.


                 While deposit with banks, including time deposits, restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents,
                 are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, identified impairment loss was
                 immaterial.




                                                                                                                 209
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (a)   Trade receivables
                        The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses
                        which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.


                        As at 31 December 2021, the Group assessed that the expected loss rate for trade
                        receivables due from related parties (excluding loans relating to financing services
                        and finance lease receivables) was immaterial considering their good finance position
                        and credit history. Thus no loss allowance provision for other receivables from related
                        parties was recognised in 2021 (31 December 2020: Nil).


                        As at 31 December 2021, the Group assessed the expected loss rate for trade
                        receivables from governments in relation to the subsidy of new energy vehicles sold
                        to end users and made an allowance amounted to RMB5,949,000 accordingly (31
                        December 2020: RMB5,952,000).


                        As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the expected loss rate for certain third-party
                        customers who were in bankruptcy or liquidation are assessed specifically by the
                        directors as follows:


                                                                               As at 31             As at 31
                                                                              December             December
                                                                                  2021                 2020


                        Expected loss rate                                      100.00%             100.00%
                        Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                          107,852              93,787
                        Loss allowance provision (RMB’000)                       107,852              93,787




210
                                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)
                      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the loss allowance provision for the trade receivables
                      due from third parties was determined as follows. The expected credit losses below
                      also incorporated forward looking information.


                                                Within 1    Between 1     Between 2     Between 3      Between 4      Over 5
                                                   year    and 2 years   and 3 years   and 4 years    and 5 years      years        Total


                      Trade receivables
                         (excluding trade
                         receivables due
                         from related
                         parties, trade
                         receivables due
                         from government
                         and trade
                         receivables
                         subject to specific
                         expected loss
                         rate)
                      At 31 December 2021
                      Gross carrying amount
                         (RMB’000)             1,995,064      258,300         13,348           472            164     144,903   2,412,251
                      Expected loss rate          0.33%        8.56%         38.49%        57.70%        100.00%     100.00%
                      Loss allowance
                         provision (RMB’000)      6,547        22,114          5,138          272            164     144,903     179,139




                                                                                                                                            211
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)


                                                  Within 1    Between 1     Between 2     Between 3     Between 4    Over 5
                                                     year    and 2 years   and 3 years   and 4 years   and 5 years    years        Total


                        Trade receivables
                           (excluding trade
                           receivables due
                           from related
                           parties, trade
                           receivables due
                           from government
                           and trade
                           receivables
                           subject to specific
                           expected loss
                           rate)
                        At 31 December 2020
                        Gross carrying amount
                           (RMB’000)             1,124,517        27,295         2,661           690         5,289   149,523   1,309,975
                        Expected loss rate          0.64%        11.33%        44.61%        62.17%        89.62%      100%
                        Loss allowance
                           provision (RMB’000)      7,186          3,092         1,187          429          4,740   149,523    166,157


                  (b)   Debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI
                        All of the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI are considered to
                        have low credit risk, and the loss allowance recognised during the period was therefore
                        limited to 12 months expected losses.




212
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (b)   Debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI (Continued)
                      The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with debt
                      investments at amortised cost and FVOCI since the Group furnishes investment
                      mandates to commercial banks, trust companies and asset management companies.
                      These mandates require them to invest in such debt investments with high market
                      credit rating, liquidity and stable return. Management does not expect that there will
                      be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.

                (c)   Debt investments at FVPL
                      The Group is also exposed to credit risk in relation to debt investments that are
                      measured at fair value through profit or loss.The maximum exposure as at 31 December
                      2021 is the carrying amount of these investments, amounting to RMB1,523,434,000
                      (31 December 2020: RMB2,741,094,000).


                (d)   Other financial assets at amortised cost
                      The Group applies the general approach to provide for expected credit loss of other
                      financial assets measured at amortised cost including notes receivable, entrusted loans,
                      finance lease receivables, loans relating to financing services, dividend receivable and
                      other receivables under HKFRS 9.


                      Except for certain long aging receivables for which the debtors failed to make demanded
                      repayment and the Group has made specific provision on a case-by-case basis, the
                      expected credit loss provision for the financial assets included in the above balances
                      is based on the 12-month expected credit loss. It is the portion of lifetime expected
                      credit loss that results from default events on a financial instrument that are possible
                      within 12 months after the reporting date. However, when there has been a significant
                      increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime
                      expected credit loss. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers
                      historical loss rates for each category of receivables and adjusts for forward looking
                      macroeconomic data, including real GDP, current account balance, nominal retail sales
                      growth rate and exchange rate. As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, except for certain
                      default receivables, management considers that the expected credit loss is immaterial.




                                                                                                                 213
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (d)   Other financial assets at amortised cost (Continued)
                        The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and
                        whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis
                        throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant increase in
                        credit risk the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the
                        reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers
                        available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the
                        following indicators are incorporated:

                        •     internal credit rating


                        •     external credit rating (as far as available)


                        •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                              conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability
                              to meet its obligations


                        •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the debtor

                        •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same
                              debtor


                        •     significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in
                              the quality of third-party guarantees or credit enhancements


                        •     significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the debtor,
                              including changes in the payment status of debtors in the Group and changes
                              in the operating results of the borrower.


                        Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated
                        as part of the internal rating model.




214
                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (d)   Other financial assets at amortised cost (Continued)
                      (i)  A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group’s expected credit loss
                           model is as follows:


                                                                                           Basis for recognition of expected credit
                            Category          Group definition of category                 loss provision


                            Performing        Customers have a low risk of default and a   12 month expected losses. Where the
                                               strong capacity to meet contractual cash      expected lifetime of an asset is less than 12
                                               flows                                         months,expected losses are measured at its
                                                                                             expected lifetime.
                            Underperforming Receivables for which there is a significant   Lifetime expected losses
                                              increase in credit risk; as significant
                                              increase in credit risk is presumed if
                                              interest and/or principal repayments are
                                              180 days past due
                            Non-performing Interest and/or principal repayments are 365    Lifetime expected losses
                                              days past due
                            Write-off       Interest and/or principal repayments are       Asset is written off
                                              over 365 days past due and there is no
                                              reasonable expectation of recovery.

                            As at 31 December 2021, the Group has assessed that the expected loss rate
                            for other receivables from related parties (excluding loans relating to financing
                            services and finance lease receivables) was immaterial considering the good
                            finance position and credit history of the related parties. Thus no loss allowance
                            provision for other receivables from related parties was recognised in 2021 (31
                            December 2020: Nil).




                                                                                                                                         215
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                   (e)   As at 31 December 2020 and 2021, the loss allowance provision for trade
                         receivables, current and long-term other receivables reconciles to the opening
                         loss allowance for that provision as follows:


                                                                        Other        Other
                                                            Trade receivables    long-term
                                                      receivables    (current) receivables             Total
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000


                         At 1 January 2020                254,327        353,040         59,347        666,714
                         Provision for loss
                           allowance recognised
                           in profit or loss               11,569         38,438          5,103         55,110


                         At 31 December 2020              265,896        391,478         64,450        721,824
                         Provision for loss
                           allowance recognised in
                           profit or loss                  27,044         44,930         71,494        143,468


                         At 31 December 2021              292,940        436,408        135,944        865,292



             3.1.3 Liquidity risk
                   Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents,
                   the availability of funding from an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the
                   ability to close out market positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses,
                   the Group’s finance team maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under
                   committed credit lines.


                   Management monitors the Group’s time deposits (Note 19) and cash and cash equivalents
                   (Note 21) on the basis of expected cash flow.




216
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.3 Liquidity risk (Continued)
                The tables below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings
                based on the remaining period at the consolidated balance sheet date to the contractual
                maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.


                                                                     Between     Between
                                                        Less than     1 and 2     2 and 5      Over 5
                                                           1 year       years       years       years        Total
                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


                  As at 31 December 2021
                  Borrowings                            10,367,692   6,485,540   1,441,212       2,768 18,297,212
                  Trade and other payables (excluding
                    employee benefits payable, other
                    taxes and government grants)        31,597,042    688,989           –            – 32,286,031
                  Lease liabilities                        210,129    199,202     546,655      773,930 1,729,916


                  As at 31 December 2020
                  Borrowings                             6,859,443   4,899,340   4,125,517       4,583 15,888,883
                  Trade and other payables (excluding
                    employee benefits payable, other
                    taxes and government grants)        30,526,443    446,946           –            – 30,973,389
                  Lease liabilities                        275,863    234,360     532,972      828,975 1,872,170




                                                                                                                     217
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.2   Capital management
             The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
             a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders
             and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.


             Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio.
             This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings
             and lease liabilities (including current and non-current as shown in the consolidated balance sheet)
             less time deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as
             total equity plus net debt.


             The gearing ratios as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 were as follows:


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2021           2020
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


             Total borrowings (Note 26)                                             17,415,462          14,977,384
             Total lease liabilities (Note 8)                                        1,463,727            1,512,541
             Less: time deposits (Note 19)                                          (5,176,560)        (10,624,362)
                    restricted cash (Note 20)                                       (1,624,390)          (2,084,314)
                    cash and cash equivalents (Note 21)                            (17,234,963)        (15,791,397)


             Net credit                                                            (5,156,724)         (12,010,148)
             Total equity                                                          92,648,785           86,713,628


             Total capital                                                         87,492,061           74,703,480


                                                                               Not applicable
             Gearing ratio                                                            (“N/A”)                   N/A


             As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group’s total borrowings and lease liabilities are less than
             the total of time deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents and therefore the Group
             is subject to a net credit position.



218
                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation
           The Group’s financial instruments recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are mainly loans
           and receivables, FVPL, FVOCI and financial liabilities carried at amortised cost. The carrying value
           less impairment provision of trade receivables and payables are a reasonable approximation of their
           fair values. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting
           the future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the Group
           for similar financial instruments.


           The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using
           valuation techniques. The Group uses a variety of methods and makes assumptions that are based
           on market conditions existing at the balance sheet date, such as estimated discounted cash flows.


           The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method The different
           levels have been defined as follows:


           •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).


           •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                 liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).


           •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                 unobservable inputs) (level 3).




                                                                                                                        219
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)
             The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2021.

                                                                Level 1      Level 2       Level 3       Total
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                Note (a)     Note (b)      Note (c)


             Financial assets at fair value through other
                comprehensive income and financial assets
                at fair value through profit or loss
                – Bond investments                            1,192,714             –            –     1,192,714
                – Fund investments                               27,558     1,810,100            –     1,837,658
                – Financial products                                  –             –    1,156,634     1,156,634
                – Stocks                                        912,752             –            –       912,752
                – Other equity investments                            –             –      942,552       942,552
                – Others                                              –       676,846      758,873     1,435,719


                                                              2,133,024     2,486,946    2,858,059     7,478,029


             The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2020.


                                                                Level 1      Level 2       Level 3       Total
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                Note (a)     Note (b)      Note (c)


             Financial assets at fair value through other
                comprehensive income and financial assets
                at fair value through profit or loss
                – Bond investments                              717,399             –            –       717,399
                – Fund investments                               51,432     1,792,416            –     1,843,848
                – Financial products                                  –             –    1,081,005     1,081,005
                – Stocks                                        825,711             –            –       825,711
                – Other equity investments                            –             –      591,639       591,639
                – Others                                              –       598,678    1,253,380     1,852,058


                                                              1,594,542     2,391,094    2,926,024     6,911,660



220
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

           (a)   Financial instruments in level 1
                 The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market
                 prices at the balance sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily
                 and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service,
                 or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
                 transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for the financial assets
                 included in level 1 held by the Group is the current bid price.


                 There were no significant transfers of financial assets between level 1 and level 2 fair value
                 hierarchy classifications.


           (b)   Financial instruments in level 2
                 The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined
                 by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
                 market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates.
                 If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
                 included in level 2.


                 If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument
                 is included in level 3.


                 Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                 •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.


                 •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair
                       value for the remaining financial instruments.




                                                                                                                   221
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

             (c)   Financial instruments in level 3
                   The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the year ended 31
                   December 2020 and 2021.

                                                                     Other equity        Financial
                                                                     investments         products           Others             Total
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


                   Opening balance as at 1 January 2020                  543,952          785,539           882,487         2,211,978
                   Acquisitions                                           35,121        3,094,006         3,219,402         6,348,529
                   Gains for the period recognised in
                     profit or loss                                        24,451           60,799           116,078           201,328
                   Disposal                                               (11,885)      (2,859,339)       (2,964,587)       (5,835,811)


                   Closing balance as at
                     31 December 2020                                    591,639        1,081,005         1,253,380         2,926,024


                   Transfer to level 1 (Note (i))                              –                –          (739,866)         (739,866)
                   Acquisitions                                          291,364          981,770         4,028,110         5,301,244
                   Gains/(losses) for the period recognised in
                     profit or loss                                        96,222           33,154          (109,016)           20,360
                   Disposal                                               (36,673)        (939,295)       (3,673,735)       (4,649,703)


                   Closing balance as at 31 December
                     2021                                                942,552        1,156,634           758,873         2,858,059


                   Includes unrealised gains or (losses)
                      recognised in profit or loss attributable to
                      balances held at the end of the reporting
                      period
                   2021                                                   86,355            (2,563)         (107,852)         (24,060)
                   2020                                                   12,566            18,621           123,022          154,209

                   (i)     During the year ended 31 December 2021, an entity in which the Group held unlisted preferred shares
                           investment completed an initial public offering, upon which the unlisted preferred shares were converted
                           into listed ordinary shares. As such, the Group can determine the fair value of this investment using quoted
                           prices or observable market data, it has been reclassified from level 3 into level 1. Other than this transfer
                           of investment from level 3 to level 1, there was no transfer between the levels of the fair value hierarchy in
                           the year ended 31 December 2021.
222
                                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

           (c)   Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)
                 Quantitative information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
                 (level 3) is as follow:


                                                          Fair value at
                                                         31 December                                                                  Range
                                                                  2021    Valuation                                                (weighted
                                                              RMB’000     technique(s)           Unobservable input                 average)


                 – Financial products                          257,000    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                        2.05%
                                                               899,634    Summation Method       Value of each asset/liability           N/A


                 – Other equity investments (Note (i))         942,552    Summation Method       Value of each asset/liability          N/A


                 – Trust products                               49,809    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                        4.60%


                 – Unlisted notes receivable                   709,064    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                   1.70%-3.19%




                                                                                                                                               223
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

             (c)   Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)
                                                            Fair value at
                                                           31 December
                                                                    2020                                                    Range (weighted
                                                               RMB’000      Valuation technique(s)   Unobservable input            average)


                   – Financial products                         615,262     Discounted cash flow     Discount rate            2.40%-5.30%
                                                                465,743     Summation Method         Value of each asset/              N/A
                                                                                                       liability


                   – Preference shares                          848,526     Guideline Public         Applicable P/S ratio            10.18
                                                                             Company Method


                   – Other equity investments (Note (i))        591,639     Summation Method         Value of each asset/              N/A
                                                                                                      liability


                   – Trust products                              94,164     Discounted cash flow     Discount rate            4.55%-5.00%


                   – Unlisted notes receivable                  310,690     Discounted cash flow     Discount rate            2.50%-3.30%

                   (i)      Other equity investments in level 3 represent the Group’s investment in interest of non-listed company.




224
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
     Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
     factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


     The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates
     will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a
     significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
     the next financial year are addressed below.


     (a)   Current and deferred income taxes
           The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. There are certain transactions and calculations
           for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where
           the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded,
           such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such
           determination is made.


           Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised
           when management considers it is likely that future taxable profits will be available against which
           temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. When the expectations are different from the
           original estimates, such differences will impact the recognition of deferred tax assets and income
           tax charges in the period in which such estimates are changed.




                                                                                                                    225
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
       (b)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
             Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment
             whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
             recoverable. Construction in progress and intangible assets not ready to use – not subject to
             amortisation, are tested annually for impairment. The recoverable amounts have been determined
             based on value-in-use calculations or market valuations. These calculations require the use of
             judgements and estimates.


             Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment particularly in assessing:
             (i) whether an event has occurred that may indicate that the related asset value may not be
             recoverable; (ii) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable
             amount, being the higher of fair value less cost of disposal or net present value of future cash
             flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset in the business; (iii) details
             of further development of the CGU or segment, such as business plan and contracts with new
             customers in the coming year and their impact on the revenue and margins.and (iv) the appropriate
             key assumptions to be applied in preparing cash flow projections including whether these cash
             flow projections are discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions selected by
             management in assessing impairment, including the discount rates or the growth rate assumptions
             in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the net present value in the impairment test and
             as a result affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. If there is a significant
             adverse change in the projected performance and resulting future cash flow projections, it may be
             necessary to take an impairment charge to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


       (c)   Impairment of goodwill
             The Group tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment, which is in accordance with
             the accounting policy stated in Note 2.10. The recoverable amounts of CGUs have been determined
             based on fair value less cost of disposal estimated using the discounted cash flow method. These
             calculations require the use of estimates.




226
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     (d)   Impairment of investments in joint ventures and associates
           The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the
           investments in the joint ventures and associates are impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates
           the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the joint ventures
           and associates and their carrying value.

           If the investments in joint ventures and associates include goodwill, the Group should test the
           amount of impairment at least once a year. No impairment charge arose in one joint venture (Note
           11.1(c)) with significant goodwill arising from an acquisition during the year 2012 after assessment.
           The recoverable amounts of the investments have been determined based on fair value less cost
           of disposal estimated using the discounted cash flow method. In arriving at fair value less cost of
           disposal, post-tax discount rates of 12.2% have been applied to the post-tax cash flows expressed
           in real terms. Fair value less cost of disposal was determined by estimating cash flows for a period
           of five years. The cash flow projections are based on financial budgets approved by management
           covering a five-year periods. These cash flows are then aggregated with a “terminal value”. The
           terminal value represents the value of cash flows beyond the fifth year, incorporating an annual
           real-term growth rate of 2.0%. These calculations require the use of estimates.


           If the budgeted revenue used by the management in the fair value less cost of disposal calculation
           for this joint venture had been decreased by 1.72%, the Group would not recognise any impairment
           of investment. A 7.79% increase in the estimated post-tax discount rate for the joint venture would
           not result in an impairment against investment. If the estimated gross profit margins estimated by
           the management for the joint venture had been decreased by 1.8%, the Group would not recognise
           an impairment against investment.


     (e)   Warranty provisions
           Provision for product warranties granted by the Group in respect of certain products are recognised
           based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repair and returns, discounted to their
           present values as appropriate.




                                                                                                                     227
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
       (f)   Impairment of trade and other receivables
             The Group makes allowances on trade and other receivables based on assumptions about risk
             of default and expected loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and
             selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market
             conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.

             Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying
             amount of trade and other receivables and doubtful debt expenses in the periods in which such
             estimate has been changed. For details of the key assumptions and inputs used, see Note 3.1 above.


       (g)   Impairment of inventory
             The management of the Group assesses on the net realisable value of inventory at each reporting
             date based on the accounting policies stated in Note 2.15. The net realisable value is the estimated
             selling price in the current course of business, less applicable costs, variable selling expenses and
             tax charges. Even though the management of the Group has made the best estimate about the
             inventory impairment loss predicted to occur and provided allowance for impairment, the impairment
             assessment may still be significantly changed due to the change of market situations.


       (h)   Estimation of the fair value of certain financial assets
             The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using
             valuation techniques. The Group uses its judgement to select a variety of methods and make
             assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at the end of each reporting
             period. For details of the key assumptions used and the impact of changes to these assumptions
             see Note 3.3 above.




228
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     (i)   Classification of financial assets
           The judgments in determining the classification of financial assets include the analysis of business
           models and the characteristics of contractual cash flows. An entity’s business model refers to how
           an entity manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. That is, the entity’s business
           model determines whether cash flows are arising from collecting contractual cash flows, selling
           financial assets or both.

           The business model of managing financial assets is not determined by a single factor or activity.
           Instead, the entity should consider all relevant evidence available when making the assessment.
           Relevant evidence mainly includes, but not limited to, how the cash flow of the Group of assets is
           collected, how the performance of the Group of assets is reported to key management personnel,
           and how the risk of Group of assets is being assessed and managed. The contractual cash flows
           characteristics of financial assets refer to the cash flow attributes of the financial assets reflecting
           the economic characteristics of the relevant financial assets (i.e. whether the contractual cash flows
           generated by the relevant financial assets on a specified date solely represents the payments of
           principal and interest). The principal amount refers to the fair value of the financial asset at initial
           recognition. The principal amount may change throughout the lifetime of the financial assets due
           to prepayment or other reasons. The interest includes the time value of money, the credit risk
           associated with the outstanding principal amount for a specific period, other basic lending credit
           risks, and the consideration of costs and profits.


     (j)   Estimation of the value of defined benefits obligation
           The present value of the pension obligations depends on a number of factors that are determined
           on an actuarial basis using a number of assumptions. Any changes in these assumptions will impact
           the carrying amount of pension obligations.


           Details of key assumptions and impact of possible changes in key assumptions are disclosed in
           Note 30.




                                                                                                                     229
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
       As at 31 December 2021, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as follows:


                                                                                                                                      Particulars of registered     Interest held
                                                        Place of incorporation                                                            capital/issued share
       Name                                             and operations                      Legal status      Principal activities                      capital   Direct        Indirect


       Subsidiaries


       GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Motor”)                Mainland China           Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of         RMB15,966,735,703       100%                  –
       廣汽乘用車有限公司                                                                                                      automobiles


       Guangzhou Automobile Group Component Co., Ltd.   Mainland China           Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of          RMB1,478,910,000        51%               49%
        (“GAC Component”)                                                                                        automotive parts
       廣汽零部件有限公司


       Guangzhou Automobile Group Business Co., Ltd.    Mainland China           Limited liability company Trading of automobiles,          RMB3,528,512,000       100%                  –
        (“GAC Business”)                                                                                          automotive parts
       廣汽商貿有限公司                                                                                                          and steel


       GAC Motor (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China           Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of          RMB4,231,280,000           –             100%
        (“GAC Motor Hangzhou”)                                                                                         automobile
       廣汽乘用車(杭州)有限公司


       Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd.                      Mainland China              Joint stock company Provision of automobile             RMB2,268,750,000      27.11%            26.44%
       眾誠汽車保險有限公司                                                                    with limited liabilities insurance services


       GAC Capital Co., Ltd. (“GAC Capital”)            Mainland China           Limited liability company         Investment and           RMB1,500,000,000       100%                  –
       廣汽資本有限公司                                                                                                         investment
                                                                                                                      management


       GAC Finance Co., Ltd. (“GAC Finance”)            Mainland China           Limited liability company       Financial services         RMB1,000,000,000        90%               10%
       廣州汽車集團財務有限公司


       GAC Aion New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd.         Mainland China           Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of          RMB6,000,000,000      84.39%            15.61%
        (“GAC AION”)                                                                                                  automobiles
       廣汽埃安新能源汽車有限公司



230
                                                                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
     (Continued)
     As at 31 December 2021, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as follows
     (Continued):


                                                                                                                               Particulars of registered      Interest held
                                                                  Place of incorporation                                           capital/issued share
     Name                                                         and operations                       Principal activities                      capital     Direct       Indirect


     Joint ventures


     GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC Honda”)                 Mainland China                   Manufacture and sale of             USD541,000,000         50%               –
     廣汽本田汽車有限公司                                                                                 automobile and automotive
                                                                                                                    parts


     GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Toyota”)                    Mainland China                   Manufacture and sale of            USD1,176,806,100        50%               –
     廣汽豐田汽車有限公司                                                                                 automobile and automotive
                                                                                                                    parts


     GAC Hino Motors Co., Ltd. (“GAC Hino”)                       Mainland China                   Manufacture and sale of           RMB2,220,000,000         50%               –
     廣汽日野汽車有限公司                                                                                 automobile and automotive
                                                                                                                    parts


     GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd (“GAC SOFINCO”)      Mainland China           Provision of automotive financing         RMB3,000,000,000         50%               –
     廣汽匯理汽車金融有限公司                                                                                                   services


     GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co., Ltd. (“GAC FCA”)          Mainland China                   Manufacture and sale of          RMB10,000,000,000         50%               –
     廣汽菲亞特克萊斯勒汽車有限公司                                                                            automobile and automotive
                                                                                                                    parts


     Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (“Wuyang-Honda”)   Mainland China                  Manufacture and sale of                USD49,000,000        50%               –
     五羊-本田摩托(廣州)有限公司                                                                            motorcycle and motorcycle
                                                                                                                    parts


     GAC Mitsubishi Motors Co., Ltd. (“GAC Mitsubishi”)           Mainland China                   Manufacture and sale of           RMB1,947,000,000         50%               –
     廣汽三菱汽車有限公司                                                                                 automobile and automotive
                                                                                                                    parts



                                                                                                                                                                                     231
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
       (Continued)
       As at 31 December 2021, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as follows
       (Continued):


                                                                                                                                 Particulars of registered    Interest held
                                                             Place of incorporation                                                  capital/issued share
       Name                                                  and operations                               Principal activities                     capital   Direct       Indirect


       Associates


       GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automotive parts           USD670,940,000       30%               –
       廣汽豐田發動機有限公司


       Shanghai Hino Engine Co., Ltd.                        Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automotive parts             USD29,980,000      30%               –
       上海日野發動機有限公司


       Guangzhou TS Automotive Interior Systems Co., Ltd.    Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automotive parts              USD3,860,000         –            48%
       廣州提愛思汽車內飾系統有限公司


       Guangzhou Intex Automotive Interior Parts Co., Ltd.   Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automotive parts             USD22,500,000         –            25%
       廣州櫻泰汽車飾件有限公司


       Guangzhou Stanley Electric Company Limited            Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automotive parts             USD44,700,000         –            30%
       廣州斯坦雷電氣有限公司


       Guangzhou Denso Co., Ltd.                             Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automotive parts             USD23,022,409         –            40%
       廣州電裝有限公司




232
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the executive directors. The executive directors
     review the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate resources. Management
     has determined the operating segments based on these reports.


     For management purpose, the executive directors considered the nature of the Group’s products and
     services and determined that the Group has two reportable segments as follows:


     Vehicles and related operations segment – production and sale of a variety of passenger vehicles,
     commercial vehicles, automotive parts and related operations.


     Others – mainly production and sale of motorcycles, automobile finance and insurance, other financing
     services and investing business.


     Sales between segments are carried out on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length
     transactions. The revenue from external parties reported to the executive directors is measured in a
     manner consistent with that in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


     During the year ended 31 December 2021, no revenue from transactions with a single external customer
     counted to 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.




                                                                                                                  233
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2021 and other segment items included in the
       consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                                    Vehicles and
                                                              related operations     Others      Eliminations   Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


       Total gross segment revenue                                   73,698,922     2,452,102       (475,259)             –      75,675,765
       Inter-segment revenue                                           (220,700)     (254,559)       475,259              –               –


       Revenue (from external customers)                             73,478,222     2,197,543              –              –      75,675,765


       Segment results                                                (3,476,467)    409,824          12,324              –      (3,054,319)
       Unallocated income – Interest income of
         headquarters                                                          –            –              –        116,205         116,205
       Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                         –            –              –       (687,448)       (687,448)


       Operating loss                                                                                                            (3,625,562)
       Finance costs                                                   (271,200)       (2,894)             –       (151,222)       (425,316)
       Interest income                                                   23,199         5,615              –         29,744          58,558
       Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates
           accounted for using the equity method                     10,810,930      592,970                –             –      11,403,900


       Profit before income tax                                                                                                   7,411,580
       Income tax credit/(expense)                                      334,978      (152,594)             –        (28,267)        154,117


       Profit for the year                                                                                                        7,565,697


       Other segment information
       Depreciation and amortisation                                  5,616,648       44,756               –         57,180       5,718,584
       Net impairment losses on financial assets                         98,129       45,339               –              –         143,468
       Impairment charges of inventories                                104,643            –               –              –         104,643
       Impairment charges of property, plant and
          equipment                                                      28,279             –              –              –          28,279
       Impairment charges of intangible assets                          556,182             –              –              –         556,182

234
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2021 and additions to non-current assets (other
     than deferred tax assets, FVPL and FVOCI) for the year then ended are as follows:


                                        Vehicles
                                     and related
                                      operations     Others     Eliminations       Unallocated      Consolidated
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


     Total assets                    119,244,879   37,943,997    (41,986,049)        39,047,762       154,250,589
     Total assets include:
     Investments in joint ventures
        and associates                32,634,891    4,292,096              –                  –        36,926,987


     Total liabilities                63,958,745   27,820,500    (40,615,907)        10,438,466        61,601,804


     Additions to non-current
       assets (other than
       deferred tax assets,
       FVPL and FVOCI)                 5,289,478    2,303,995              –                  –         7,593,473




                                                                                                                    235
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2020 and other segment items included in the
       consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                               Vehicles and
                                                         related operations     Others     Eliminations   Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


       Total gross segment revenue                             60,805,956     2,754,533      (403,504)              –     63,156,985
       Inter-segment revenue                                     (157,474)     (246,030)      403,504               –              –


       Revenue (from external customers)                       60,648,482     2,508,503              –              –     63,156,985


       Segment results                                          (3,219,775)    (116,208)     (256,338)              –      (3,592,321)
       Unallocated income – Interest income of
         headquarters                                                    –            –              –       110,738         110,738
       Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                   –            –              –        (85,418)        (85,418)


       Operating loss                                                                                                      (3,567,001)
       Finance costs                                              (399,752)      (6,780)             –       (33,035)        (439,567)
       Interest income                                              70,431        8,616              –        48,504          127,551
       Share of net profit of joint ventures and
          associates accounted for using the equity
          method                                                9,061,941      509,037               –              –      9,570,978


       Profit before income tax                                                                                            5,691,961
       Income tax credit/(expense)                                498,472      (141,293)             –         (1,189)       355,990


       Profit for the year                                                                                                 6,047,951


       Other segment information
       Depreciation and amortisation                            5,009,332       56,489               –        44,573       5,110,394
       Net impairment losses on financial assets                   44,194       10,916               –             –          55,110
       Impairment charges of inventories                           47,938            –               –             –          47,938
       Impairment charges of property, plant and
         equipment                                                  5,609             –              –              –          5,609
       Impairment charges of intangible assets                    662,164             –              –              –        662,164


236
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2020 and additions to non-current assets (other
     than deferred tax assets, FVPL and FVOCI) for the year then ended are as follows:


                                        Vehicles
                                     and related
                                      operations     Others      Eliminations       Unallocated      Consolidated
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


     Total assets                    106,340,940   38,893,282     (41,611,147)        39,237,613       142,860,688
     Total assets include:
     Investments in joint ventures
        and associates                29,419,235    3,984,328               –                  –        33,403,563


     Total liabilities                58,667,700   28,884,062     (40,313,754)         8,909,052        56,147,060


     Additions to/(decrease in)
       non-current assets (other
       than deferred tax assets,
       FVPL and FVOCI)                 6,100,235   (1,544,067)              –                  –         4,556,168


     Revenue from external customers by geographical location is as follows:


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2021           2020
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


     Mainland China                                                              73,788,301           62,097,147
     Overseas                                                                     1,887,464            1,059,838


                                                                                 75,675,765           63,156,985




                                                                                                                     237
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       Non-current assets (other than deferred tax assets, FVPL and FVOCI) located by geographical location
       are as follows:


                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2021           2020
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


       Mainland China                                                                        86,532,440     78,950,702
       Overseas                                                                                 149,249        137,514


                                                                                             86,681,689     79,088,216


       Analysis of revenue by category:


                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2021           2020
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


       Recognised at a point in time
       Sales of vehicles and related products                                                67,621,601     56,832,098


       Recognised over time
       Maintenance, transportation and other services                                         4,399,378      3,091,150


       Revenue under HKFRS 15                                                                72,020,979     59,923,248


       Revenue from other sources (Note (i))                                                  3,654,786      3,233,737


                                                                                             75,675,765     63,156,985


       (i)   Revenue from other sources includes insurance services, financing services and lease income.




238
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Contract liabilities
           The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:

                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

            Contract liabilities
             – Related parties                                                       273,540                 58,605
             – Third parties                                                       2,353,362              1,434,254

                                                                                   2,626,902              1,492,859



           (i)     Significant changes in contract liabilities
                   Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers
                   while the underlying services are yet to be provided or the vehicles and related products are
                   yet to be delivered. The increase in contract liabilities was mainly due to increase in advance
                   payments from customers.


           (ii)    Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
                   The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting
                   period relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000

                    Revenue recognised that was included in the
                     balance of contract liabilities at the beginning of
                     the year
                     – Related parties                                                58,605                 66,158
                     – Third parties                                               1,434,254              1,462,599

                                                                                   1,492,859              1,528,757



           (iii)   Unsatisfied performance obligations
                   For the services the Group rendered, they are rendered in short period of time, which is
                   generally less than a year, and the Group has elected the practical expedient for not to
                   disclose the remaining performance obligations for these type of contracts.

                                                                                                                     239
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  7.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                   Office and other         Leasehold Construction in
                                                        Buildings     Machinery      Vehicles         Moulds             equipment       improvements       progress           Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000


       Year ended 31 December 2020
         Opening net book amount                        8,081,031      6,849,802     1,117,636      1,052,774               375,509           265,937        1,653,118     19,395,807
         Additions                                        312,010          98,428      217,114         65,954               371,105             81,823       2,018,043       3,164,477
         Transfer from investment properties(Note 9)        10,851              –              –              –                     –                –               –           10,851
         Disposals                                            (319)       (68,744)      (94,095)        (2,587)               (4,249)                –               –        (169,994)
         Transfer to investment properties (Note 9)        (77,703)             –              –              –                     –                –               –          (77,703)
         Transfers                                      1,057,669        881,657         78,761       179,937                21,461                  –      (2,219,485)                –
         Depreciation charge (Note 29)                   (473,150)      (919,028)     (281,554)      (331,121)             (151,327)           (88,439)              –      (2,244,619)
         Impairment charge (Note 29)                             –           (932)        (4,654)           (14)                   (9)               –               –            (5,609)


         Closing net book amount                        8,910,389      6,841,183     1,033,208        964,943              612,490            259,321        1,451,676     20,073,210


       As at 31 December 2020
         Cost                                          11,239,238     11,230,979     1,751,296       3,004,963           1,120,278             875,372       1,452,699      30,674,825
         Accumulated depreciation and impairment        (2,328,849)    (4,389,796)    (718,088)     (2,040,020)           (507,788)           (616,051)          (1,023)   (10,601,615)


         Net book amount                                8,910,389      6,841,183     1,033,208        964,943              612,490            259,321        1,451,676     20,073,210


       Year ended 31 December 2021
         Opening net book amount                        8,910,389      6,841,183     1,033,208        964,943              612,490            259,321        1,451,676     20,073,210
         Additions                                         38,523        255,142       319,087        258,470              162,473             71,372        1,466,499      2,571,566
         Transfer from investment properties(Note 9)        8,714              –             –              –                    –                  –                –          8,714
         Disposals                                         (1,546)       (29,147)     (228,936)       (66,863)             (43,231)                 –                –       (369,723)
         Transfer to investment properties (Note 9)      (372,075)             –             –              –                    –                  –                –       (372,075)
         Transfers                                        827,175        (77,220)       10,910        346,408               80,545                  –       (1,187,818)             –
         Depreciation charge (Note 29)                   (595,084)      (799,058)     (350,765)      (361,876)            (206,059)           (95,001)               –     (2,407,843)
         Impairment charge (Note 29)                            –         (3,602)       (7,918)       (16,493)                (266)                 –                –        (28,279)


         Closing net book amount                        8,816,096      6,187,298       775,586      1,124,589              605,952            235,692        1,730,357     19,475,570


       As at 31 December 2021
         Cost                                          11,642,733     11,001,455     1,679,290       3,431,751           1,279,452             946,501       1,731,380      31,712,562
         Accumulated depreciation and impairment       (2,826,637)    (4,814,157)     (903,704)     (2,307,162)           (673,500)           (710,809)         (1,023)    (12,236,992)


         Net book amount                                8,816,096      6,187,298       775,586      1,124,589              605,952            235,692        1,730,357     19,475,570



240
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



7.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
     (a)   Depreciation expenses have been charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
           as follows:


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2021           2020
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


           Cost of sales                                                        2,000,895             1,850,320
           Selling and distribution costs                                         115,338               123,907
           Administrative expenses                                                291,610               270,392


                                                                                2,407,843             2,244,619



     (b)   As at 31 December 2021, certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)) were secured by the Group’s
           property, plant and equipment with the carrying value of approximately RMB26,751,000 (2020:
           RMB216,000).


     (c)   As at 31 December 2021, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain
           of its property with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB1,543,824,000 (2020:
           RMB2,105,777,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy
           or use those properties.


     (d)   During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounting to approximately RMB25,664,000
           (2020: RMB16,196,000) on qualifying assets (construction in progress). Borrowing costs were
           capitalised at rate of its general borrowings of 3.92%-5.19% (2020: 3.18%-5.19%).




                                                                                                                   241
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  8.   LEASES
       This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.


       (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
             The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2021           2020
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


             Right-of-use assets
              Land-use rights (Notes(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv))                  5,424,687      5,478,957
              Properties                                                        1,379,562      1,392,279
              Vehicles                                                             10,202         20,859
              Others                                                                3,215         16,913


                                                                                6,817,666      6,909,008


             Lease liabilities
              Current                                                             193,531        209,062
              Non-current                                                       1,270,196      1,303,479


                                                                                1,463,727      1,512,541


             Additions to the right-of-use assets during the 2021 financial year were RMB600,076,000 (2020:
             RMB557,215,000). Non-cash transaction of acquisition and disposal of right-of-use assets
             during the 2021 financial year were RMB358,379,000 and RMB125,977,000, respectively (2020:
             RMB343,047,000 and RMB7,712,000).




242
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



8.   LEASES (Continued)
     (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet (Continued)
           (i)   The Group has land lease arrangement with mainland China government.


                 Land use rights represent the Group’s interests in land which are held on leases between
                 15 to 50 years. Movements of the land use rights for the year are as follows:


                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                               2021           2020
                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Beginning of the year
                  Cost                                                     6,084,640             5,953,729
                  Accumulated depreciation and impairment                   (605,683)             (491,369)


                  Net book amount                                          5,478,957             5,462,360


                 For the year ended
                  Opening net book amount                                  5,478,957             5,462,360
                  Additions                                                  238,104               210,547
                  Transferred from investment properties (Note 9)              3,593                  3,621
                  Transferred to investment properties (Note 9)             (170,067)               (71,568)
                  Depreciation charge                                       (125,900)             (126,003)


                  Closing net book amount                                  5,424,687             5,478,957


                 End of the year
                  Cost                                                     6,115,214             6,084,640
                  Accumulated depreciation and impairment                   (690,527)             (605,683)


                  Net book amount                                          5,424,687             5,478,957




                                                                                                             243
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  8.   LEASES (Continued)
       (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet (Continued)
             (ii)    The amount of depreciation of the Group was primarily charged to cost of sales and
                     administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


             (iii)   As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, there is no bank borrowing secured by the Group’s land
                     use rights.


             (iv)    As at 31 December 2020, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of
                     certain of its land use rights with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB688,459,000.
                     All these title certificates have been obtained subsequently. As at 31 December 2021, there
                     is no title certificate in application.


       (b)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
             The consolidated statement of comprehensive income shows the following amounts relating to
             leases:


                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2021           2020
                                                                      Notes         RMB’000         RMB’000


             Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
              Land-use rights                                                          125,900            126,003
              Properties                                                               252,023            266,842
              Vehicles                                                                  10,968             15,918
              Others                                                                     5,917              6,535


                                                                       29              394,808            415,298


             Interest expense (included in finance cost)               33               66,282              76,154
             Expense relating to short-term leases (included in
               cost of sales, selling and distribution costs and
               administrative expenses)                                29               35,050              16,369
             Expense relating to leases of low-value assets
               that are not shown above as short-term leases
               (included in administrative expenses)                   29                  221                 337


244
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



8.   LEASES (Continued)
     (b)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (Continued)
           The total cash outflow for leases in 2021 was approximately RMB311,621,000 (2020:
           RMB331,812,000).


     (c)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
           The Group leases various properties, vehicles, office and other equipment. Rental contracts are
           typically made for fixed periods of 6 months to 20 years, but may have extension options.


           Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
           conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests
           in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
           borrowing purposes.




                                                                                                               245
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  9.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


       Beginning of the year
        Cost                                                    1,788,356      1,636,186
        Accumulated depreciation                                 (400,811)      (301,699)


        Net book amount                                          1,387,545     1,334,487


       For the year ended
        Opening net book amount                                 1,387,545      1,334,487
        Additions                                                  30,045            2,135
        Transfer from land use rights (Note 8)                    170,067          71,568
        Transfer from property, plant and equipment (Note 7)      372,075          77,703
        Transfer to land use rights (Note 8)                       (3,593)          (3,621)
        Transfer to property, plant and equipment (Note 7)         (8,714)        (10,851)
        Depreciation charge (Note 29)                             (75,801)        (83,876)


        Closing net book amount                                  1,871,624     1,387,545


       End of the year
        Cost                                                    2,486,541      1,788,356
        Accumulated depreciation and impairment                  (614,917)      (400,811)


        Net book amount                                          1,871,624     1,387,545




246
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



9.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
     (a)   The Group’s investment properties at their net book values are analysed as follows:


                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                    2021           2020
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


           Mainland China                                                       1,857,824             1,373,602
           Hong Kong                                                               13,800                13,943


                                                                                1,871,624             1,387,545



     (b)   As at 31 December 2021, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain
           of its investment properties with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB40,341,000
           (2020: RMB52,157,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly
           occupy or use those properties.


     (c)   Rental income from operating lease recognised in profit or loss for investment properties in 2021
           was approximately RMB125,356,000 (2020: RMB110,957,000).


     (d)   Leasing arrangements
           The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable
           monthly. Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income
           on a straightline basis over the lease term.There are no variable lease payments that depend on
           an index or rate.




                                                                                                                  247
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                         Patent,
                                                      proprietary
                                                 technology and       Computer                 Development
                                                  franchise right      software     Goodwill          costs         Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


      Year ended 31 December 2020
       Opening net book amount                           404,616        481,549      127,099       9,796,480    10,809,744
       Additions                                           71,446       263,076            –       4,153,847      4,488,369
       Amortisation charge (Note 29)                      (51,709)     (128,023)           –      (2,186,869)    (2,366,601)
       Impairment charge (Note 29)                               –             –           –        (662,164)      (662,164)
       Disposals                                            (6,834)       (3,901)          –               –         (10,735)


       Closing net book amount                           417,519        612,701      127,099     11,101,294     12,258,613


      As at 31 December 2020
       Cost                                            1,382,746      1,051,466      127,099     22,144,429      24,705,740
       Accumulated amortisation and impairment          (965,227)      (438,765)           –    (11,043,135)    (12,447,127)


       Net book amount                                   417,519        612,701      127,099     11,101,294     12,258,613


      Year ended 31 December 2021
       Opening net book amount                           417,519        612,701      127,099     11,101,294     12,258,613
       Additions                                          47,550        390,861            –      4,280,668      4,719,079
       Amortisation charge (Note 29)                     (64,823)      (177,437)           –     (2,597,872)    (2,840,132)
       Impairment charge (Note 29)                        (9,500)             –            –       (546,682)      (556,182)
       Disposals                                            (159)             –            –              –           (159)


       Closing net book amount                           390,587        826,125      127,099     12,237,408     13,581,219


      As at 31 December 2021
       Cost                                            1,430,137      1,442,327      127,099     26,425,097      29,424,660
       Accumulated amortisation and impairment        (1,039,550)      (616,202)           –    (14,187,689)    (15,843,441)


       Net book amount                                   390,587        826,125      127,099     12,237,408     13,581,219




248
                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
    (a)   Amortisation of the Group’s intangible assets mainly charged to cost of sales.

    (b)   Goodwill arose from acquisition of businesses:


                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2021           2020
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


          Denway                                                                                  90,299                  90,299
          Others                                                                                  36,800                  36,800


                                                                                                127,099                 127,099


          (i)   Goodwill is allocated to the vehicles and related operations segment, which is operated in Mainland China. Impairment
                testing is performed at each year end, and there was no material impairment for goodwill as at year end.



    (c)   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounting to
          approximately RMB91,577,000 (2020: RMB60,950,000) on qualifying assets (development costs).
          Borrowing costs were capitalised at rate of its general borrowings of 5.19% (2020: 5.19%).




                                                                                                                                   249
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
      The amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows:


                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2021           2020
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


      Investments in joint ventures                                                          26,904,507        24,654,320
      Investments in associates                                                              10,022,480         8,749,243


                                                                                             36,926,987        33,403,563


      The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2021           2020
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


      Share of profit of joint ventures (Note (i))                                           10,011,061         8,332,088
      Share of profit of associates (Note (i))                                                1,392,839         1,238,890


                                                                                             11,403,900         9,570,978


      (i)   Unrealised profits or losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions are eliminated.




250
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures
                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                            2021           2020
                                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000


         Investment in unlisted shares                                                26,904,507              24,654,320



         (a)   Movements of investments in joint ventures are set out as follows:
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2021           2020
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


               Beginning of the year                                                   24,654,320             23,867,207
               Additions (Note (i))                                                     2,617,879               1,274,421
               Disposals                                                                  (19,589)                 (11,489)
               Capital reduction                                                          (40,323)                 (21,768)
               Share of profits                                                        10,090,492               8,460,468
               Share of other reserves                                                     (7,824)                  25,235
               Dividends declared                                                     (10,390,448)             (8,939,754)


               End of the year                                                        26,904,507              24,654,320


               (i)   The additions in 2021 mainly represent the Group’s additional capital contribution of RMB786,813,000 and
                     RMB1,500,000,000 to GAC Toyota and GAC FCA in proportion to its interest held, respectively. In addition,
                     the Group contributed capital of RMB275,862,000 to several newly set-up joint ventures.




                                                                                                                              251
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures (Continued)

           (b)   Set out below are the joint ventures of the Group as at 31 December 2021, which in
                 the opinion of the directors, are material to the Group. The joint ventures as listed
                 below are held directly by the Group. The country of incorporation or registration
                 is also their principal place of business.
                                         Place of
                 Name of joint           business/country % of ownership             Nature of the          Measurement
                 ventures                of incorporation        interest            relationship               method


                 GAC Honda               Mainland China                        50    Note 1                          Equity
                 GAC Toyota              Mainland China                        50    Note 1                          Equity
                 GAC FCA                 Mainland China                        50    Note 1                          Equity
                 GAC Mitsubishi          Mainland China                        50    Note 1                          Equity
                 GAC Hino                Mainland China                        50    Note 1                          Equity
                 GAC SOFINCO             Mainland China                        50    Note 1                          Equity
                 Wuyang-Honda            Mainland China                        50    Note 1                          Equity


                 Note 1: GAC Honda, GAC Toyota, GAC FCA, GAC Mitsubishi, GAC Hino are companies manufacturing and selling
                         automobiles and automotive parts, GAC SOFINCO is a company providing automotive financing services,
                         and Wuyang-Honda is a company manufacturing and selling motorcycles and motorcycle parts. All of them
                         are unlisted companies.



           (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures
                 Set out below is the summary of combined financial information for all the joint ventures of
                 the Group (excluding goodwill). As restricted by the confidentiality agreements entered into
                 with other shareholders of certain joint ventures, the Group has not disclosed certain financial
                 data of material joint ventures separately. The aggregate of the financial information of the
                 above seven material joint ventures identified by Directors covers over 90% of combined
                 financial information of all the joint ventures of the Group listed below.


                 The below financial information of the joint ventures has been consistently measured based
                 on the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the date
                 of acquisition.


                 The information below reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the joint
                 ventures (and not the Group’s share of those amounts) adjusted for differences in accounting
                 policies between the Group and the joint ventures.

252
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures (Continued)

         (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
               Summarised balance sheet

                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000

               Assets
               Non-current assets                                    86,276,133           80,634,952

               Current assets
                – Cash and cash equivalents                          62,573,891           53,784,557
                – Other current assets                               47,247,676           53,230,040

                                                                    109,821,567         107,014,597

               Total assets                                         196,097,700         187,649,549

               Liabilities
               Non-current liabilities
                 – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and
                     other payables)                                 20,315,422           18,639,156
                 – Other non-current liabilities (including trade
                     and other payables)                              6,813,910            5,597,716

                                                                     27,129,332           24,236,872

               Current liabilities
                – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and
                    other payables)                                  24,800,831           30,914,068
                – Other current liabilities (including trade and
                    other payables)                                  94,837,688           88,441,087

                                                                    119,638,519         119,355,155

               Total liabilities                                    146,767,851         143,592,027

               Net assets                                            49,329,849           44,057,522
               Less: Non-controlling interests                          (22,875)              (18,882)

                                                                     49,306,974           44,038,640
                                                                                                         253
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures (Continued)

           (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                 Summarised statement of comprehensive income


                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2021           2020
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Revenue                                                   276,046,696     261,646,209
                 Cost of sales                                            (233,472,212)   (222,890,622)
                 Other expenditures                                        (22,146,463)     (22,078,956)


                 Profit after tax                                          20,428,021      16,676,631
                 Less: profit attributable to non-controlling interests        (3,993)          (1,676)


                                                                           20,424,028      16,674,955
                 Other comprehensive loss                                     (26,825)             (45)


                 Total comprehensive income                                20,397,203      16,674,910




254
                                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures (Continued)

         (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
               Set out below are the assets, liabilities, revenue and dividends of the material joint ventures
               of the Group:


                                                 Assets                  Liabilities               Revenue           Dividends received
               Name of joint ventures      As at 31 December        As at 31 December      Year ended 31 December Year ended 31 December

                                             2021        2020         2021         2020        2021         2020       2021        2020
                                          RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000


               GAC Honda                52,528,011   49,364,408   42,207,569   39,121,552 114,810,245 118,427,184   3,710,000   3,570,027
               GAC Toyota               61,986,704   51,126,057   38,778,792   33,022,394 129,464,532 110,758,496   5,700,624   4,802,616
               GAC FCA                   8,681,112   11,670,376    8,678,715   12,001,765   3,861,340   6,329,037           –           –
               GAC Mitsubishi            9,461,560   10,544,439    7,458,539    7,688,141   8,271,681   9,708,132           –           –
               GAC Hino                  1,693,865    1,915,405    1,299,523    1,396,631     711,506   1,120,090           –           –
               GAC SOFINCO              47,679,127   48,937,545   40,825,947   42,506,893   4,347,106   3,998,039     200,000     200,000
               Wuyang-Honda              3,330,478    2,980,875    1,768,611    1,575,993   5,953,649   4,780,814      91,010      44,055


               Total                    185,360,857 176,539,105 141,017,696 137,313,369 267,420,059 255,121,792     9,701,634   8,616,698




                                                                                                                                            255
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 Investments In Joint Ventures (Continued)

           (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                 Reconciliation of share of the net assets to the carrying amount of the Group’s interests in
                 the material joint ventures:


                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2021           2020
                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


                 Assets                                                     185,360,857        176,539,105
                 Less: Liabilities                                         (141,017,696)      (137,313,369)
                    Non-controlling interests                                   (22,875)            (18,882)


                 Net assets excluding non-controlling interests              44,320,286         39,206,854
                 Percentage of ownership interest                                  50%                50%


                 Interests in material joint ventures                        22,160,143         19,603,427
                 Goodwill                                                     2,916,552          2,916,552
                   – GAC Mitsubishi                                           2,895,293          2,895,293
                   – Wuyang-Honda                                                21,259             21,259


                 Unrealised profits or losses resulting from
                  downstream transactions                                         (5,102)            (2,594)
                 Accumulated unrecognised share of losses of
                  a joint venture                                                      –           165,694


                 Carrying amount of investments in material
                  joint ventures                                             25,071,593         22,683,079




256
                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.2 Investments In Associates
                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2021           2020
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000


         Unlisted companies                                                          10,022,480               8,749,243



         (a)   Movements of investments in associates are set out as follows:
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2021           2020
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


               Beginning of the year                                                   8,749,243              8,137,579
               Additions (Note (i))                                                    1,134,289                350,037
               Capital reduction                                                        (133,586)                (52,680)
               Share of profits                                                        1,402,959              1,244,104
               Dilution gains (Note 31)                                                  177,862                       –
               Share of other reserves                                                   (51,943)                  2,470
               Dividends declared                                                     (1,256,344)              (932,267)


               End of the year                                                       10,022,480               8,749,243


               (i)   The additions in 2021 mainly represent the Group’s additional capital contribution of RMB482,466,000 to
                     HYCAN Automotive Technology Co., Ltd. and RMB490,000,000 to Amperex GAC Power Battery Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                           257
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.2 Investments In Associates (Continued)

           (b)   In the opinion of the board, there are no associates individually material to the
                 Group. Set out below is the Group’s share of associates’ results:
                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                             2021           2020
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Associates
                 Profit                                                  1,392,839        1,238,890
                 Other comprehensive loss                                  (51,218)               –


                 Total comprehensive income                              1,341,621        1,238,890



           (c)   Particulars of the Group’s principal associates are set out in Note 5.




258
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



12. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                          2021           2020
                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000


    Financial assets at amortised cost
      – Prepayments and long-term receivables
          (excluding prepayments) (Note 16)                            7,597,573            4,342,527
      – Trade and other receivables (excluding prepayments and
          value added tax recoverable) (Note 18)                      23,094,029           17,418,048
      – Time deposits (Note 19)                                        5,176,560           10,624,362
      – Restricted cash (Note 20)                                      1,624,390            2,084,314
      – Cash and cash equivalents (Note 21)                           17,234,963           15,791,397
    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
      income (Note 14)                                                 2,306,766              941,393
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Note 15)    5,171,263            5,970,267


                                                                      62,205,544           57,172,308


    Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      – Trade and other payables (excluding employee benefits
          payable, other taxes and government grants) (Note 25)       32,629,496           31,171,021
      – Borrowings (Note 26)                                          17,415,462           14,977,384
    Lease liabilities (Note 8)                                         1,463,727            1,512,541


    Total                                                             51,508,685           47,660,946




                                                                                                         259
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX
      (a)   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
            offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes relate
            to the same taxation authority. The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is as
            follows:


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


            Deferred tax assets:                                                  2,957,680          2,236,774


            Set-off of deferred tax liabilities                                    (123,755)           (113,170)


            Deferred tax assets – net                                             2,833,925          2,123,604


            Deferred tax liabilities:                                              (268,173)           (251,202)


            Set-off of deferred tax assets                                          123,755             113,170


            Deferred tax liabilities – net                                         (144,418)           (138,032)


      (b)   The net movements on the deferred income tax account are as follows:


                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


            As at 1 January                                                       1,985,572          1,522,177
            Tax recognised in profit or loss (Note 34)                              573,392            463,395
            Tax recognised in other comprehensive income                            130,543                  –


            End of the year                                                       2,689,507          1,985,572




260
                                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
    (c)   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
          the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows:


                                                              Accrued                 Intangible                Fair value
                                              Impairment     expenses                      asset               changes of
          Deferred tax assets                   provision   and others   Provisions amortisation    Tax losses      FVOCI       Total
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000


          Year ended 31 December 2020
          Opening book amount                    199,816       551,924     231,968      123,734        597,871           –   1,705,313
          Recognised in profit or loss            85,530       301,640      (47,866)     78,641        113,516           –     531,461


          Closing book amount                    285,346       853,564     184,102      202,375        711,387           –   2,236,774


          Year ended 31 December 2021
          Opening book amount                    285,346       853,564     184,102      202,375        711,387           –   2,236,774
          Recognised in profit or loss           128,185       206,975     (35,384)     133,674        156,913           –     590,363
          Recognised in other comprehensive
            income                                      –            –            –            –             –     130,543     130,543


          Closing book amount                    413,531     1,060,539     148,718      336,049        868,300     130,543   2,957,680




                                                                                                                                         261
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
      (c)   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
            the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                   gains
                                           Accelerated      Revaluation    arising from       Share of
                                               taxation     of financial       business        profit of
            Deferred tax liabilities       depreciation           assets   combination      associates       Others          Total
                                              RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


            Year ended 31 December 2020
            Opening book amount                (105,045)        (14,053)        (19,646)        (44,361)          (31)      (183,136)
            Recognised in profit or loss         (10,812)       (44,883)          (1,098)         (9,600)     (1,673)         (68,066)


            Closing book amount                (115,857)        (58,936)        (20,744)        (53,961)      (1,704)       (251,202)


            Year ended 31 December 2021
            Opening book amount                (115,857)        (58,936)        (20,744)        (53,961)      (1,704)       (251,202)
            Recognised in profit or loss         (7,999)         30,987             610         (35,822)      (4,747)        (16,971)


            Closing book amount                (123,856)        (27,949)        (20,134)        (89,783)      (6,451)       (268,173)


      (d)   In accordance with the PRC tax law, tax losses may be carried forward against future taxable
            income for a period of five years. As at 31 December 2021, the Group did not recognise deferred
            tax assets in respect of losses amounting to RMB8,168,400,000 (2020: RMB8,676,573,000), as it
            is uncertain that future taxable profit will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.
            These tax losses will expire between 2022 and 2026.

                                                                                                        Unused tax losses for
                                                                                                        which no deferred tax
            Expire year                                                                                 asset was recognised
                                                                                                                    RMB’000


            2022                                                                                                         2,167,278
            2023                                                                                                           504,047
            2024                                                                                                         1,950,988
            2025                                                                                                         2,743,581
            2026                                                                                                           802,506


                                                                                                                         8,168,400

262
                                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



14. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


    Non-current assets
    Listed stocks                                                                                     721,979                  630,703
    Listed bond invesments                                                                            875,723                        –


                                                                                                   1,597,702                   630,703


    Current assets
    Unlisted notes receivable                                                                         709,064                  310,690


                                                                                                   2,306,766                   941,393


    (i)    FVOCI of the Group comprise equity instruments which are not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected
           at initial recognition to recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers this classification
           to be more relevant.

    (ii)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss and other comprehensive income


           During the year, the following gains or losses were recognised:

                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2021              2020
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


           (Losses)/gains recognised in other comprehensive (loss)/income
             – Related to equity investments (Note 35)                                                 (230,509)                 133,153


           Dividends from equity investments held at FVOCI recognised in
             other gains in profit or loss
             – Related to investments held at the end of the reporting period                            10,388                   18,251




                                                                                                                                           263
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  15. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS
                                                        As at 31 December
                                                           2021           2020
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


      Non-current assets
      Debt instruments
       Listed bond investments                           294,198       590,403
       Unlisted financial products                             –       419,613
       Unlisted preference shares                              –       848,526


                                                         294,198      1,858,542


      Equity instruments
       Unlisted other equity investments                 942,552        591,639
       Listed preference shares                          676,846        598,678
       Listed stocks                                      32,031        195,008
       Unlisted fund investments                               –      1,021,473
       Listed fund investments                                 –        109,916


                                                        1,651,429     2,516,714


      Current assets
      Debt instruments
       Unlisted financial products                      1,156,634      661,392
       Unlisted trust products                             49,809       94,164
       Listed bond investments                             22,793      126,996


                                                        1,229,236      882,552


      Equity instruments
       Unlisted fund investments                        1,686,357      712,459
       Listed stocks                                      158,742            –
       Listed fund investments                            151,301            –


                                                        1,996,400      712,459


                                                        5,171,263     5,970,267

264
                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



15. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS (Continued)
    (i)    The Group classifies the following FVPL:

           •       debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or FVOCI

           •       equity investments that are held for trading, and

           •       equity investments for which the entity has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through OCI.

    (ii)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss

           During the year, the following gains or losses were recognised in profit or loss:

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2021              2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


           Fair value gains on equity investments at FVPL
             recognised in other gains-net (Note 31)                                                 95,765                 58,832
           Fair value (losses)/gains on debt instruments at FVPL
             recognised in other gains-net (Note 31)                                               (118,072)               233,860


                                                                                                    (22,307)               292,692




                                                                                                                                     265
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  16. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES
                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2021           2020
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


      Prepayments                                                                                411,050                 713,750


      Finance lease receivables (Note (a))                                                     5,613,226              1,969,136
      Other loans and receivables                                                                970,291                965,376
      Loans receivable (Note 18(c))                                                            1,150,000              1,472,465


                                                                                               7,733,517              4,406,977


      Less: provision for other long-term receivables                                           (135,944)                 (64,450)


                                                                                               8,008,623              5,056,277


      (a)   As at 31 December 2021, certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)) were secured by the Group’s short-term and long-term finance
            lease receivables with the carrying value of approximately RMB126,413,000 (2020: RMB200,045,000) and RMB2,135,660,000
            (2020: RMB1,417,266,000).

            As at 31 December 2021, certain securitization debt (Note 26(l)) were secured by the Group’s short-term and long-term
            finance lease receivables with the carrying value of approximately RMB667,187,000 (2020: Nil) and RMB986,687,000 (2020:
            Nil), respectively.




266
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



17. INVENTORIES
                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                            2021           2020
                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000


    Raw materials and consumables                                       3,910,313             2,703,001
    Work-in-progress                                                      213,265               129,221
    Finished goods and merchandise                                      4,191,105             3,956,033


                                                                        8,314,683             6,788,255


    Less: provision for impairment                                       (203,723)              (166,675)


                                                                        8,110,960             6,621,580


    The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to
    RMB50,488,019,000 (2020: RMB43,168,390,000).


    As at 31 December 2021, certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)) and notes payable (Note 25(d)) were
    secured by the Group’s inventories with the carrying value of approximately RMB717,801,000 (2020:
    RMB362,361,000) and RMB509,579,000 (2020: RMB604,913,000), respectively.




                                                                                                          267
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                           As at 31 December
                                                              2021           2020
                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000


      Trade receivables (Notes (a) and (b))                7,515,188     4,583,098
      Less: provision for impairment                        (292,940)     (265,896)


      Trade receivables – net                              7,222,248     4,317,202
      Loans receivable (Note (c))                          5,154,788     3,118,804
      Dividends receivable (Note 41(b))                    4,209,208     3,752,145
      Finance lease receivables (Note (e)) (Note 16(a))    3,107,315     2,283,633
      Notes receivable                                     1,771,431     1,884,928
      Value added tax recoverable                          1,256,079     1,039,179
      Prepayments                                            759,965     1,158,328
      Entrusted loans (Note (d))                             261,612       596,916
      Other receivables                                    1,367,427     1,464,420


                                                          25,110,073    19,615,555




268
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
    (a)   Sales of passenger vehicles were normally made with advances from customers. Sales of other
          products were made on credit terms ranging from 0 to 365 days. As at 31 December 2021 and
          2020, the ageing analysis of these trade receivables is presented on the basis of the date of the
          relevant invoices as follows:


                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                2021           2020
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


          Within 1 year                                                      6,415,447             3,374,378
          Between 1 and 2 years                                                341,919               845,760
          Between 2 and 3 years                                                457,165               117,223
          Between 3 and 4 years                                                 63,382                76,087
          Between 4 and 5 years                                                 75,561                 5,289
          Over 5 years                                                         161,714               164,361


                                                                             7,515,188             4,583,098


          The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by
          HKFRS 9. As at 31 December 2021, a provision of RMB292,940,000 was made against the gross
          amounts of trade receivables (2020: RMB265,896,000).


    (b)   Fair values of trade receivables


          Due to the short-term nature of the current receivables, their carrying amount is considered to be
          the same as their fair value.




                                                                                                               269
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      (c)   The balance represents loans to related parties and third parties in relation to provision of financing
            services by a subsidiary of the Group. The effective interest rate as at 31 December 2021 is 4.09%
            (2020: 3.95%).


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2021           2020
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


            Gross loan balance                                                    6,403,157           4,654,687
            Less: provision for impairment                                         (128,627)             (82,010)


                                                                                  6,274,530           4,572,677


            Less: current portion                                                 (5,154,788)         (3,118,804)


            Non-current portion                                                   1,119,742           1,453,873


            Movements of impairment allowances are as follows:


                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2021           2020
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


            At 1 January                                                              82,010              59,705
            Provision for impairment loss                                             46,617              22,305


            At 31 December                                                          128,627               82,010


      (d)   The entrusted loans are mainly provided to related parties through financial institutions, which will
            be due in 2022. The effective interest rate as at 31 December 2021 is 3.85% (2020: 4.00%).


      (e)   Finance income on the net investment in the lease amounted to RMB637,745,000 in 2021 (2020:
            RMB331,428,000).




270
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
    (f)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other receivables are denominated in the following
          currencies:


                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2021           2020
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


          RMB                                                             24,831,180            19,511,111
          USD                                                                206,936                 5,679
          HKD                                                                 71,957                98,765


                                                                          25,110,073            19,615,555



19. TIME DEPOSITS
                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2021           2020
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


    Denominated in:
     – RMB                                                                  5,044,357           10,070,487
     – USD                                                                    132,203              553,875


                                                                            5,176,560           10,624,362


    The initial term of time deposits was over three months.




                                                                                                              271
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  20. RESTRICTED CASH
                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


      Deposits for letters of credit and bank notes                                326,562             585,257
      Security and other deposits                                                   24,305             175,857
      Mandatory reserve deposits with the People’s Bank of
       China (“PBOC”) (Note (a))                                                 1,273,523           1,323,200


                                                                                 1,624,390           2,084,314


      (a)   A subsidiary of the Group is required to place mandatory reserve deposits with the PBOC for its
            provision of financing service. Those deposits with the PBOC are not available for use in the Group’s
            daily operations.


            The carrying amount of the Group’s restricted cash is denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


            RMB                                                                  1,620,765           2,083,648
            HKD                                                                      3,625                   –
            USD                                                                          –                 666


                                                                                 1,624,390           2,084,314




272
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



21. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


    Denominated in:
     – RMB                                                                      17,035,182            15,546,190
     – USD                                                                         173,198               210,835
     – HKD                                                                          23,318                30,145
     – JPY                                                                           3,187                 4,217
     – Others                                                                           78                    10


                                                                                17,234,963            15,791,397


    As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand,
    deposits held at call with banks and bank deposits with original maturities of three months or less.


    (a)   As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash (Note
          20) and time deposits (Note 19) were deposited in financial institutions without significant credit
          risk. Detail ratings of these financial institutions, as published by Shanghai Purang Financial Services
          Co., Ltd. are set out as follows:


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


          AAA                                                                   23,456,509            28,264,213
          AA+                                                                      380,387               183,192
          Others and cash on hand                                                  199,017                52,668


                                                                                24,035,913            28,500,073


          Representing
           – Time deposits                                                       5,176,560            10,624,362
           – Restricted cash                                                     1,624,390             2,084,314
           – Cash and cash equivalents                                          17,234,963            15,791,397


                                                                                24,035,913            28,500,073

                                                                                                                    273
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  22. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                     Foreign ordinary shares listed
                                                      RMB ordinary shares of          outside mainland China of
                                                           RMB1 each                          RMB1 each                           Total

                                                          Number                           Number                          Number
                                                         of shares   Share capital        of shares    Share capital      of shares       Share capital
                                                      (thousands)       RMB’000        (thousands)        RMB’000      (thousands)           RMB’000


      As at 31 December 2019                           7,139,088       7,139,088        3,098,620         3,098,620    10,237,708          10,237,708


      Employee share-based awards scheme
      – Proceeds from share issued (Note 23)             111,766         111,766                 –                –       111,766             111,766
      Conversion of convertible bonds (Note 26 (h))          223             223                 –                –           223                 223


      As at 31 December 2020                           7,251,077       7,251,077        3,098,620         3,098,620    10,349,697          10,349,697


      As at 31 December 2020                           7,251,077       7,251,077        3,098,620         3,098,620    10,349,697          10,349,697


      Employee share-based awards scheme
      – Proceeds from share issued (Note 23)               8,130            8,130                –                –         8,130                8,130
      Conversion of convertible bonds (Note 26 (h))       12,766           12,766                –                –        12,766               12,766


      As at 31 December 2021                           7,271,973       7,271,973        3,098,620         3,098,620    10,370,593          10,370,593




274
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
   (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Second A Share Options Scheme
         On 18 December 2017, according to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting,
         total 403,335,400 A Share Options (“SO-II Phase I”) were granted to 2,358 individuals, including
         directors, senior management and selected key employees (the “SO-II Phase I Recipients”). Each
         share option represents the right granted to the recipients to acquire one share of the Company
         at pre-determined exercise price and conditions in the validity period as set out in the Second A
         Share Options Scheme. The grant date is 18 December 2017 (the “Grant Date II”). The weighted
         average fair value of SO-II Phase I, as estimated on the Grant Date II, was RMB3.85 per share
         option. This was calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model.


         On 18 May 2018, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s general meeting of shareholders, 4
         shares were issued for every 10 shares by way of conversion of share premium by the Company.
         Upon completion of the conversion, the Company’s outstanding share options were increased by
         161,334,160 units.


         On 17 December 2018, according to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting,
         an addition of total 62,336,900 A Share Options (“SO-II Phase II”) was granted to 457 employees
         (the “SO-II Phase II Recipients”) under the Second A Share Options Scheme. Each share option
         represents the right granted to the SO-II Phase II Recipients to acquire one share of the Company
         at pre-determined exercise price and conditions in the validity period as set out in the Second A
         Share Options Scheme. The grant date is 17 December 2018 (the “Grant Date III”). The weighted
         average fair value SO-II Phase II, as estimated on the Grant Date III, was RMB2.11 per share option.
         This was calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model.


         The exercise price of SO-II Phase I & II will be adjusted when there is transfer from capital surplus to
         paid-in capital, distribution of dividends, share split, allotment of shares and share consolidation etc.


         Each one third of the options granted to the SO-II Phase I Recipients and SO-II Phase II Recipients
         will become exercisable once per year in three years starting two years from 18 December 2017
         and 17 December 2018, respectively, subject to achieving the performance conditions as set out
         in the Second A Share Options Scheme. The options have a contractual option term of six years
         starting from the respective grant date. The Company has no legal or constructive obligation to
         purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.




                                                                                                                    275
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Second A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
            Movements in the number of SO-II Phase I outstanding and their related weighted average exercise
            prices are as follows:


                                                                            2021                                    2020

                                                                Average                                  Average
                                                          exercise price           Number of       exercise price             Number of
                                                            in RMB per         share options         in RMB per            share options
                                                           share option          (thousands)        share option             (thousands)


            At 1 January                                            19.37            172,647               19.55                514,545
            Forfeited – Batch I of SO-II Phase I
              (Note (i))                                                –                   –              19.37               (169,258)
            Forfeited – Batch II of SO-Il Phase I
              (Note (ii))                                               –                   –              19.37               (172,640)
            Forfeited – Batch III of SO-II Phase I
              (Note (iii))                                          19.17           (172,647)                   –                     –


            At 31 December                                           N/A                    –              19.37                172,647


            (i)     On 18 December 2019, the first one third of SO-II Phase I (“Batch I SO-Il Phase I”) became exercisable. As at 31
                    December 2020, no units of Batch I SO-II Phase I were exercised by the SO-II Recipients. Total 169,257,814 units
                    of Batch I SO-Il Phase I to 2,092 individuals were forfeited due to no exercise within exercisable period.

            (ii)    On 4 December 2020, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, as certain performance
                    conditions were not achieved, 172,640,244 units of the second one third of SO-II Phase I (“Batch II SO-Il Phase I”)
                    were forfeited.




276
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
    (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Second A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
          (iii)   On 14 December 2021, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, as certain performance
                  conditions were not achieved, 172,646,852 units of the third one third of SO-II Phase I (“Batch III SO-Il Phase I”)
                  were forfeited.

                  Movements in the number of SO-II Phase II outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as
                  follows:

                                                                           2021                                 2020

                                                                   Average                               Average
                                                             exercise price        Number of       exercise price         Number of
                                                               in RMB per      share options         in RMB per        share options
                                                              share option       (thousands)        share option         (thousands)


                  At 1 January                                        10.10            44,018              10.28             62,337
                  Exercised – Batch I of SO-II Phase II
                    (Note (iv))                                         9.98            (8,130)            10.10              (9,665)
                  Forfeited – Batch I of SO-II Phase II
                    (Note (v))                                          9.90               (54)            10.10              (2,930)
                  Forfeited – Batch II of SO-II Phase II
                    (Note (vi))                                         9.90           (17,917)            10.10              (2,862)
                  Forfeited – Batch III of SO-II Phase II
                    (Note (vii))                                        9.90           (17,917)            10.10              (2,862)


                  At 31 December                                        N/A                  –             10.10             44,018


          (iv)    On 17 December 2020, the first one third of SO-II Phase II (“Batch I SO-Il Phase II”) became exercisable. As at 31
                  December 2020, 9,665,087 units of Batch I SO-Il Phase II were exercised by the SO-II Recipients. Accordingly,
                  share capital and share premium of the Company increased by RMB9,665,000 and RMB87,953,000, respectively.
                  At the same time, the Company derecognised the accumulative employee share option scheme reserve relating to
                  exercised share options of RMB20,393,000 and transferred this amount to share premium.

                  During the year ended 31 December 2021, 8,130,265 units of Batch I SO-II Phase II were exercised by the SO-
                  II Recipients. Accordingly, share capital and share premium of the Company increased by RMB8,130,000 and
                  RMB90,186,000, respectively. At the same time, the Company derecognised the accumulative employee share option
                  scheme reserve relating to exercised share options of RMB17,155,000 and transferred this amount to share premium.




                                                                                                                                        277
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Second A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
            (v)     On 4 December 2020, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 2,929,963 units of Batch I
                    SO-II Phase II were forfeited due to resignation or retirement of recipients.

                    On 22 December 2021, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 53,498 units of Batch I
                    SO-Il Phase II were forfeited due to no exercise of the options within exercisable period.

            (vi)    On 4 December 2020, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 2,861,823 units of the second
                    one third of SO-II Phase II (“Batch II SO-Il Phase II”) were forfeited due to resignation or retirement of recipients.

                    On 14 December 2021, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, as certain performance
                    conditions were not achieved, 17,916,990 units of Batch II SO-Il Phase II were forfeited.

            (vii)   On 4 December 2020, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 2,861,854 units of the third
                    one third of SO-II Phase II (“Batch III SO-Il Phase II”) were forfeited due to resignation or retirement of recipients.

                    On 14 December 2021, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, as certain performance
                    conditions were not achieved, 17,917,420 units of Batch III SO-Il Phase II were forfeited.



      (b)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
            Share Incentive Scheme
            According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 4 December 2020,
            total 102,101,330 A Share Options (“SO-III”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors,
            senior management and selected key employees (the “SO-III Recipients”). The grant date is 4
            December 2020 (the “Grant Date IV”).


            According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 4 December 2020,
            total 102,101,330 Restricted Shares (“RS”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors,
            senior management and selected key employees (the “RS Recipients”). The grant date is 4 December
            2020 (the “Grant Date IV”).




278
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
          Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)

          (i)   The Third A Share Options Scheme
                Each share option represents the right granted to the SO-III Recipients to acquire one share
                of the Company at pre-determined exercise price of RMB9.98 and conditions in the validity
                period as set out in the Third A Share Options Scheme (“SO-III Scheme”). The weighted
                average fair value of SO-III, as estimated at the Grant Date IV, was RMB4.98 per share option.
                This was calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model. The significant inputs
                into the model are listed as follow:

                Exercise price determined at the Grant Date IV                                         RMB9.98
                Expected option life (years)                                                           3.4 years
                Share price at Grant Date IV                                                          RMB13.29
                Estimated volatility of the share price                                               27.3308%
                Estimated dividend yields                                                                    0%
                Annual risk-free interest rate during the option life                                  3.0629%


                The exercise price of SO-III will be adjusted when there is dividend payment, transfer from
                capital surplus to paid-in capital, distribution of dividends, share split, allotment of shares
                and share consolidation etc.

                40%, 30% and 30% of the SO-III granted to the SO-III Recipients will become exercisable
                once per year in three years starting two years from the Grant Date IV, subject to the Group
                achieving the performance conditions as set out in the SO-III Scheme. The option has a
                contractual option term of 5 years starting from the grant date. The Company has no legal
                or constructive obligation to purchase or settle the granted share options in cash. During the
                year ended 31 December 2021, the exercised price was adjusted from RMB9.98 to RMB9.78.




                                                                                                                 279
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
            Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)

            (ii)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
                   All restricted shares granted are subject to a lock-up period of 24 months commencing from
                   the grant date, followed by an unlocking period of 1 to 3 years (three batches in proportion
                   of 40%, 30% and 30% for each 12 months). During the lock-up period, the RS Recipients
                   shall not possess the right of disposal, such that the shares shall not be transferred, used as
                   collateral or used for debt repayment. After the lock-up period, RS Recipients will be entitled
                   to the related shares provided that all of the required performance conditions are met and
                   the RS Recipients are still in employment with the Group.

                   On 4 December 2020, the Company issued 102,101,330 restricted shares at a price of
                   RMB4.99 per share and received an amount of RMB509,486,000 in cash from participants,
                   which was included in other payables as equity incentive repurchase obligation of the
                   Company. The weighted average fair value of restricted shares, as estimated at the Grant Date
                   IV, was RMB8.30 per share. On 4 December 2020, as a result of the issuance of restricted
                   shares, the Company’s share capital (Note 22) and share premium (Note 24) increased by
                   RMB102,101,000 and RMB407,385,000, respectively. Accordingly, the Company’s treasury
                   shares (Note 24) increased by RMB509,486,000. In addition, share-based compensation
                   reserve increased by RMB26,483,000 due to the costs and expenses recognised during the
                   vesting period of the current year. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the repurchased
                   price was adjusted from RMB4.99 to RMB4.79.


      (c)   Total expenses recognised in profit or loss for SO-III and RS in 2021 were RMB190,675,000 and
            RMB317,790,000, respectively. No expenses was recognised or reversed in profit or loss for SO-II
            Phase I and Phase II in 2021.


            Total expenses reversed in profit or loss for SO-II Phase I and Phase II in 2020 were RMB237,900,000
            and total expenses recognised in profit or loss for SO-III and RS in 2020 were RMB15,889,000
            and RMB26,483,000, respectively.




280
      24. RESERVES
                                                                                                                               Foreign Share-based      Convertible   Statutory
                                                      Share      Treasury      Capital     Special    General     FVOCI       currency compensation         bonds       surplus        Total      Retained
                                                   premium          stock     reserve      reserve    reserve    reserve    translation     reserve        reserve reserve fund     reserves       earnings         Total
                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2020                     30,785,592           –    (9,015,442)     32,101   341,631    277,584          278       741,339        240,942     4,740,741   28,144,766     41,805,637     69,950,403


         Profit for the year                               –           –             –           –          –          –            –              –            –             –             –     5,964,055      5,964,055
         Appropriation to statutory surplus
           reserve fund (Note (i))                         –           –             –           –          –          –            –              –            –       757,660     757,660        (757,660)              –
         Appropriation to general reserve fund
           (Note (ii))                                     –           –             –           –     72,167         –             –              –            –             –      72,167          (72,167)             –
         Dividend declared by the Company                  –           –             –           –          –         –             –              –            –             –            –     (1,842,794)    (1,842,794)
         Revaluation                                       –           –             –           –          –   133,153             –              –            –             –     133,153                –       133,153
         Other currency translation differences            –           –             –           –          –         –        (5,128)             –            –             –       (5,128)              –         (5,128)
         Employee share-based awards
           scheme (Note 23)
           – Value of employee services                   –            –             –           –          –          –            –      (195,528)            –             –     (195,528)              –      (195,528)
           – Proceeds from shares issued            515,731     (509,486)            –           –          –          –            –        (20,393)           –             –       (14,148)             –        (14,148)
         Transactions with non-controlling
           interests (Note 40)                        (4,441)          –             –           –          –          –            –              –            –             –       (4,441)              –        (4,441)
         Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
           – Conversion of convertible bonds           3,257           –            –            –          –          –           –               –         (300)            –       2,957                –         2,957
         Others                                            –           –       26,974        9,496          –        (22)        357               –            –             –      36,805                –        36,805


         As at 31 December 2020                   31,300,139    (509,486)   (8,988,468)     41,597   413,798    410,715        (4,493)     525,418        240,642     5,498,401   28,928,263     45,097,071     74,025,334




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




281
282
      24. RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                          Investments                                                               Remeasurement
                                                                                                                                in joint                                                                   of post-
                                                                                                                         ventures and         Foreign Share-based     Convertible       Statutory      employment
                                                    Share    Treasury      Capital      Special    General     FVOCI        associates       currency compensation        bonds           surplus           benefit        Total      Retained
                                                 premium        stock      reserve      reserve    reserve    reserve          reserve     translation     reserve       reserve     reserve fund       obligations     reserves      earnings       Total
                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


          As at 1 January 2021                  31,300,139   (509,486)   (8,988,468)     41,597    413,798    410,715                 –       (4,493)      525,418       240,642        5,498,401                 –    28,928,263    45,097,071 74,025,334


          Profit for the year                            –          –             –           –          –          –                 –            –              –             –               –                 –             –    7,511,030    7,511,030
          Transfer of gains on disposal of
            financial instruments to retained
            earnings (Note(iii))                         –          –             –           –          –    (59,770)                –            –              –             –               –                 –       (59,770)       59,770           –
          Dividend declared by the Company               –          –             –           –          –          –                 –            –              –             –               –                 –             –    (2,070,613) (2,070,613)
          Revaluation-gross                              –          –             –           –          –   (363,223)                –            –              –             –               –                 –      (363,223)            –    (363,223)
          Deferred tax                                   –          –             –           –          –    130,543                 –            –              –             –               –                 –       130,543             –     130,543
          Impairment of debt instruments
            at FVOCI                                     –          –             –           –          –       384                  –            –              –             –               –                 –          384             –          384
          Share of other changes in net
            assets of joint ventures and
            associates                                   –          –        4,863            –          –          –          (64,630)            –              –             –               –                 –       (59,767)           –      (59,767)
          Other currency translation
            differences                                  –          –             –           –          –          –                 –       (3,296)             –             –               –                 –        (3,296)           –        (3,296)
          Remeasurement of post-
            employment benefit obligations               –          –             –           –          –          –                 –            –              –             –               –            (4,240)       (4,240)           –        (4,240)
          Employee share-based awards
            scheme (Note 23)
            – Value of employee services                –           –             –           –          –          –                 –            –       508,465              –               –                 –      508,465             –      508,465
            – Proceeds from shares issued          90,186           –             –           –          –          –                 –            –       (17,155)             –               –                 –       73,031             –       73,031
          Transactions with non-controlling
            interests (Note 40)                    22,746           –             –           –          –          –                 –            –              –             –               –                 –       22,746             –       22,746
          Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
            – Conversion of convertible bonds     185,692           –             –           –          –          –                 –            –              –       (16,776)              –                 –      168,916             –      168,916
          Others                                        –           –             –       3,408          –          –                 –            –              –             –               –                 –        3,408             –        3,408
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




          As at 31 December 2021                31,598,763   (509,486)   (8,983,605)     45,005    413,798    118,649          (64,630)       (7,789)     1,016,728      223,866        5,498,401            (4,240)   29,345,460    50,597,258 79,942,718
                                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



24. RESERVES (Continued)
    (i)     In accordance with the relevant rules and regulations in the PRC, except for Sino-foreign equity joint ventures, all PRC
            companies are required to transfer 10% of their profit after taxation calculated under PRC accounting rules and regulations
            to the statutory surplus reserve fund, until the accumulated total of the fund reaches 50% of their registered capital. The
            statutory surplus reserve fund can only be used, upon approval by the relevant authority, to offset previous years’ losses
            or to increase the capital of respective companies.

    (ii)    Pursuant to Caijin [2012] No. 20 Measures on General Provision for Financial Institutions, a subsidiary of the Group that is
            a financial institution sets up the general reserve fund to cover the potential loss related to risk assets.

    (iii)   The Group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity instruments in other
            comprehensive income. These changes are accumulated with FVOCI reserve with equity. The Group transfers amounts
            from this reserve to retained earnings when the relevant equity instruments are derecognised.




25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2021           2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


    Trade payables (Note (a))                                                                  15,079,090              11,802,325
    Customer deposits (Note (c))                                                                4,936,488               7,770,011
    Employee benefits payable                                                                   2,964,698               2,496,891
    Development cost payables                                                                   1,630,633               1,249,696
    Unearned premium reserve                                                                    1,510,620               1,026,241
    Payable for mould expenses                                                                  1,390,003               1,102,770
    Sales rebate                                                                                1,258,132               1,912,505
    Notes payable (Note (d))                                                                      866,553               1,077,554
    Other taxes (Note (b))                                                                        716,040                 675,776
    Advertising expense payables                                                                  707,381                 299,275
    Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                                                    528,976                 102,092
    Construction cost payables                                                                    516,006                 466,383
    Treasury stock payable (Notes 23 and 24)                                                      509,486                 509,486
    Government grants                                                                             326,297                 158,636
    Deposit payables                                                                              316,986                 232,876
    Other payables                                                                              3,379,142               3,619,807


                                                                                               36,636,531              34,502,324

    Less: non-current portion of trade and other payables                                         (773,048)                (530,786)


    Current portion                                                                            35,863,483              33,971,538


                                                                                                                                      283
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
      (a)   As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, ageing analysis of trade payables is presented on the basis of the date of the relevant
            invoices as follows:

                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2021              2020
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                                         14,670,857              11,377,420
            Between 1 and 2 years                                                                    282,607                 351,351
            Between 2 and 3 years                                                                     52,624                  32,536
            Over 3 years                                                                              73,002                  41,018


                                                                                                  15,079,090              11,802,325


      (b)   Balances of other taxes include value-added tax payables, consumption tax payables and other taxes payables.

      (c)   The balance represents deposits mainly placed by customers to a subsidiary of the Group in relation to its provision of
            financing service. The interest rate as at 31 December 2021 is adjusted to the prevailing savings interest rate published by
            the PBOC.

      (d)   As at 31 December 2021, certain notes payable were secured by the Group’s inventories.

      (e)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2021              2020
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


            RMB                                                                                   36,543,423              34,460,213
            USD                                                                                       90,480                   3,191
            HKD                                                                                        2,628                  38,920


                                                                                                  36,636,531              34,502,324




284
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                              Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. BORROWINGS
                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                2021           2020
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


   Non-current
   Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions
    – secured (Note (a))                                       126,019              578,106
    – unsecured                                              2,576,103            2,300,777


                                                             2,702,122            2,878,883

   Corporate bonds – guaranteed (Note (i))                   2,995,121            2,991,309
   Borrowings related to automotive lease-back (Note (m))      853,447                    –
   Securitization debts (Note (l))                             739,746                    –
   Recourse financing (Note (n))                               236,288                    –
   Convertible bonds (Note (h))                                      –            2,602,981


   Total non-current borrowings                              7,526,724            8,473,173


   Current
   Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions
    – secured (Note (a))                                       810,112            1,869,373
    – unsecured                                              4,856,714            3,713,302


                                                             5,666,826            5,582,675

   Convertible bonds (Note (h))                              2,374,442                    –
   Securitization debts (Note (l))                             898,675                    –
   Borrowings related to automotive lease-back (Note (m))      432,877                    –
   Interest payables                                           256,359              151,709
   Recourse financing (Note (n))                               159,559                    –
   Entrusted loans from related parties – unsecured            100,000               70,000
   Short-term debentures – unsecured (Note (k))                      –              399,980
   Debentures-unsecured (Note (j))                                   –              299,847


   Total current borrowings                                  9,888,738            6,504,211


   Total borrowings                                         17,415,462           14,977,384

                                                                                              285
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
      (a)   As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s borrowings were secured by the Group’s certain property, plant and equipment,
            restricted cash, inventories, trade receivables and long-term receivables.

      (b)   The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes and the contractual repricing dates at the balance sheet
            dates are as follows:

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2021              2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                                      11,954,738              11,559,762
            Between 1 and 5 years                                                               5,460,724               3,417,622


                                                                                               17,415,462              14,977,384


      (c)   The maturities of the Group’s total borrowings at respective balance sheet dates are set out as follows:

                                                                As at 31 December                       As at 31 December
                                                                       2021                                    2020
                                                                   Bank
                                                             borrowings           Others       Bank borrowings              Others
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                      5,666,826          4,221,912           5,582,675            921,536
            Between 1 and 2 years                              2,021,705          4,129,429           1,941,979          2,602,981
            Between 2 and 5 years                                677,753            695,173             932,454          2,991,309
            Over 5 years                                           2,664                  –               4,450                  –


                                                               8,368,948          9,046,514           8,461,558          6,515,826


      (d)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are all denominated in RMB.




286
                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
    (e)   The weighted average effective interest rates at the respective balance sheet dates are set out as follows:

                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2021                     2020


          Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions                                     3.99%                   4.35%
          Corporate bonds                                                                            5.23%                   5.23%
          Convertible bonds                                                                          2.98%                   2.98%
          Entrusted loans from related parties                                                       2.25%                   2.25%
          Borrowings related to automotive lease-back                                                4.82%                       –
          Securitization debts                                                                       3.43%                       –
          Recourse financing                                                                         4.82%                       –
          Debentures                                                                                     –                   4.56%
          Short-term debentures                                                                          –                   2.16%


    (f)   As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of the Group’s borrowings was approximate to their fair value.

    (g)   The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the years ended 31 December 2021
          and 2020.

    (h)   Convertible bonds

          On 22 January 2016, the Group issued 41,055,800 units of convertible bonds at a total par value of RMB4,105,580,000,
          with an interest rate of 0.20% in the first year, 0.50% in the second year, 1.00% in the third year, 1.50% in the fourth
          year, 1.50% in the fifth year and 1.60% in the sixth year. The bonds mature six years from the issue date at their par
          value of RMB4,105,580,000 or can be converted into shares at the holder’s option. At the time of issuance, after netting
          of transaction cost of RMB44,546,000 (transaction cost was allocated proportionally to liability component and equity
          component of convertible bonds), the Company determined the value of the liability component (RMB3,672,418,000) and
          the equity component (RMB387,578,000). The fair value of the liability component of convertible bonds included in non-
          current borrowings was calculated using a market interest rate for equivalent non-convertible bonds. The liability component
          is subsequently stated at amortised cost until the bonds are converted to shares or the maturity of the bonds. The residual
          amount, representing the value of the equity component, is included in other reserves of shareholders’ equity.

          The conversion price of convertible bonds will be adjusted upon occurrence of issuance of bonus shares, transfer of
          reserve to share capital, issuance of new shares (excluding issue of new shares upon conversion of convertible bonds),
          share allotment and distribution of cash dividends. As at 31 December 2021, the conversion price has been adjusted to
          RMB13.92 per share (2020: RMB14.23 per share).




                                                                                                                                      287
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
      (h)   Convertible bonds (Continued)

            The convertible bonds recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are calculated as follows:

                                                                                                                               RMB’000


            Liability component at 1 January 2020                                                                             2,550,677
            Conversion of convertible bonds                                                                                        (3,180)
            Interest expense                                                                                                      93,733
            Interest payables                                                                                                    (38,249)


            Liability component at 31 December 2020                                                                           2,602,981


            Liability component at 1 January 2021                                                                             2,602,981
            Conversion of convertible bonds                                                                                    (181,682)
            Interest expense                                                                                                     89,434
            Interest payables                                                                                                  (136,291)


            Liability component at 31 December 2021                                                                           2,374,442


            In 2021, certain convertible bond holders partially converted the convertible bonds in the principal amount of RMB181,682,000
            into shares of the Company. The Company allotted and issued a total of 12,765,743 shares to such convertible bond
            holders at a conversion price of RMB14.23 or RMB13.92 per share. Upon the conversion, the Company derecognised the
            liability component of RMB181,682,000 and transferred this amount with equity component (convertible bonds reserve) of
            RMB16,766,000 into share capital and share premium.

      (i)   In March 2013, the Company issued ten-year period corporate bonds with par value of RMB3,000,000,000 at the weighted
            average effective interest rate of 5.23% per annum. The related interest is payable on an annual basis. These corporate
            bonds will be fully redeemed at par in March 2023, and are with a full-amount, unconditional, irrevocable and jointly-liability
            guarantee by GAIG.

      (j)   In November 2018, the Company issued debentures with principals of RMB300,000,000 at the weighted average effective
            interest rate of 4.56%. The related interest is payable on an annual basis. These debentures were fully redeemed at
            par on 23 November 2021. The net proceeds of these debentures, after deducting the transaction costs, amounted to
            RMB299,508,000.

      (k)   In May 2020, GAC Business issued 270-days period debentures with principals of RMB400,000,000 at the weighted average
            effective interest rate of 2.16% per annum. These debentures were fully redeemed at par on 19 February 2021. The net
            proceeds of these short-term debentures, after deducting the transaction costs, amounted to RMB399,910,000.




288
                                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
    (l)   The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,000,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS”) in
          2021. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group issued ABS of RMB1,000,000,000, out of which RMB950,000,000
          represented senior tranche and RMB50,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was fully acquired by the Group.
          These ABS bore interest from 26 November 2021 at 2.8%-6.5% per annum in 2021.

          The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,253,621,000 asset-backed notes (“ABN”) in 2021.
          During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group issued ABN of RMB1,253,621,000, out of which RMB1,137,714,000
          represented senior tranche and RMB115,900,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was fully acquired by the
          Group. These ABN bore interest from 16 July 2021 at 3.6%-4.98% per annum in 2021. The Group has already repaid
          RMB449,300,000 by the end of 31 December 2021.

          As the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial lease receivables, the Group
          continues to recognise the finance lease receivables. The securities are repaid as collections on the underlying collateralized
          assets occur and the amounts are included in borrowings.

    (m)   As at 31 December 2021, a subsidiary of the Group has entered into several automotive lease-back agreements with several
          financial insitutions. Those lease-back borrowings are with recourse to finance lease receivables.

    (n)   As at 31 December 2021, a subsidiary of the Group has entered into several factoring agreements. Those factoring borrowings
          were recoursed to the finance lease receivables.




27. PROVISIONS
                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


    Non-current
    Warranty provisions (Note (i))                                                                 550,196                  595,514
    Other provisions                                                                                 9,145                    7,065


    Total non-current provisions                                                                   559,341                  602,579


    Current
    Warranty provisions (Note (i))                                                                 357,862                  262,467


    Total provisions                                                                               917,203                  865,046


    (i)   Provision for product warranties granted by the Group for certain products is recognised based on sales volume and past
          experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their present value as appropriate.




                                                                                                                                       289
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  28. GOVERNMENT GRANTS

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2021           2020
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


      Beginning of the year                                                            2,555,825            2,795,975
      Increase in grant                                                                  209,418              245,133
      Amount recognised in profit or loss (Note 29)                                     (369,722)            (485,283)
      Other decrease in grant (Note(i))                                                 (200,000)                   –


      End of the year                                                                  2,195,521            2,555,825


      (i)   The amount represents government grants that should be refunded to the government as the attached performance
            conditions were not fulfilled.




290
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



29. PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
    The Group’s profit before income tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2021           2020
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


    Raw materials and consumables used                                        50,290,992            42,138,654
    Changes in inventories of finished goods, merchandise
      and work-in-progress                                                        197,027            1,029,736
    Depreciation and amortisation (Notes 7, 8, 9 and 10)                        5,718,584            5,110,394
    Impairment charges of property, plant and equipment (Note 7)                   28,279                5,609
    Impairment charges of intangible assets (Note 10)                             556,182              662,164
    Impairment charges of inventories                                             104,643               47,938
    Taxes and levies                                                            1,823,821            1,363,862
    Transportation and traveling expenses                                       1,994,807            1,830,886
    Advertising costs                                                           2,386,568            1,867,465
    Warranty expenses                                                             658,953              517,614
    Amortisation of government grants (Note 28)                                  (369,722)            (485,283)
    Opereating lease expenses (Note 8(b))                                          35,271               16,706
    Auditors’ remuneration
      – Audit service                                                                12,607              12,436
      – Non-audit service                                                             8,030               7,407


    For the Year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recognised research and development expenditure of
    RMB3,424,656,000 (2020: RMB3,074,504,000) as cost of sales and administrative expenses in the profit
    or loss, including current year expensed research costs of RMB826,783,000 (2020: RMB887,635,000) and
    amortisation of capitalised development costs of RMB2,597,872,000 (2020: RMB2,186,869,000) (Note 10).


    For the information of employee benefit expenses, please refer to Note 30.




                                                                                                                  291
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2021           2020
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


      Wages and salaries                                                                         7,737,818               6,674,332
      Defined benefits and other social security costs (Note (a))                                1,063,971                 744,115
      Reversal of share-based compensation expenses for
       SO-II (Notes 23)                                                                                     –              (237,900)
      Share-based compensation recognised for the Third A Share
       Options Scheme and Restricted Shares Incentive Scheme
       (Notes 23)                                                                                  508,465                  42,372
      Housing benefits (Note (b))                                                                  560,810                 521,697
      Welfare, medical and other expenses                                                          553,397                 536,111


                                                                                               10,424,461                8,280,727


      (a)   The Group’s employees in the PRC are covered by certain defined contribution pension schemes regulated by the relevant
            municipal and provincial governments in the PRC, pursuant to which the municipal and provincial governments undertake
            to assume the retirement benefit obligations payable to all existing and retired employees. The contributions to the scheme
            are expensed as incurred.

            During the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2021, there were no forefeited contributions (by employers on behalf of
            employees who leave the scheme prior to vesting fully in such contributions) may be used to offset existing contributions
            under the defined contribution pension schemes.

            The Group operates defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans for certain employees. Expenses are
            recognised when employees have rendered services entitling them to the contribution.

            The amount of defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans represents the present value of the total
            estimated amount of future benefits that the Group is committed to pay for eligible employees as at the end of the reporting
            period. The Group’s obligations were estimated using projected unit credit method by qualified staff (member of China
            Association of Actuaries and member of society of Actuaries in America) of an external independent actuary Willis Towers
            Watson Public Limited Company.

            During the year ended 31 December 2021, a provision of RMB82,090,000 was recognised related to defined benefit pension
            plan and post-employment medical plans. For the year ended 31 December 2021, remeasurement losses arising from
            changes in actuarial assumptions of RMB4,240,000 (2020: Nil) are recognised in other comprehensive income. There were
            no plan assets related to the defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans of the Group.




292
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
    (a)   The significant actuarial assumptions for the defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans were as
          follows:

                                                                                                      2021                    2020


          Discount rate                                                                             2.75%                    3.25%
          Annual increase rate of supplemental medical insurance                                    2.00%                    2.00%
          Annual increase rate of physical examination benefits                                     2.00%                    2.00%
          Death rate                                                                 China life Insurance      China life Insurance
                                                                                         life expectancy           life expectancy
                                                                                              (2010-2013)              (2010-2013)

          As at 31 December 2021, if the discount rate had been 25 basis points higher/lower respectively, the present value of the
          established benefit plan obligation would have been RMB2,190,000 lower or RMB2,290,000 higher. The above sensitivity
          analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely
          to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit
          obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same method has been applied as when calculating the defined benefit
          liability recognised in the consolidated balance sheet.

    (b)   The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution housing fund scheme administered by a government agency are
          determined at a certain percentage of the salaries of the employees. The contributions to the scheme are expensed as
          incurred.

    (c)   Five highest paid individuals

          The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 include 2
          directors and supervisors (2020: 2 directors and supervisors) whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in
          Note 43. The emoluments to the remaining 3 (2020: 3) individuals during the year ended 31 December 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2021              2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


          Basic salaries, housing fund and other allowances                                          2,996                   3,327
          Employer’s contributions to a retirement benefit scheme                                      653                     226
          Discretionary Bonuses                                                                      4,500                   2,521


                                                                                                     8,149                   6,074




                                                                                                                                      293
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
      (c)   The number of non-directors/non-supervisors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands
            are as follows:

                                                                                              Number of employees
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2021                    2020


            RMB2,000,001 – 2,500,000                                                                    –                      3
            RMB2,500,001 – 3,000,000                                                                    3                      –


                                                                                                        3                      3




  31. OTHER GAINS – NET
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2021           2020
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


      Foreign exchange losses                                                                   (33,964)               (14,037)
      Gains/(losses) on disposal of property, plant and
        equipment and intangible assets                                                         29,869                 (48,176)
      Donations                                                                                 (5,524)                (29,579)
      Gains on disposals of joint ventures and associates                                           12                   7,403
      Government grants                                                                        683,317                796,041
      Net investment income related to investment in financial assets                          381,625                319,380
      Net fair value (losses)/gains on financial assets at FVPL                                (22,307)               292,692
      Dilution gains (Note (i))                                                                177,862                       –
      Others                                                                                    46,459                  55,966


                                                                                             1,257,349              1,379,690


      (i)   During the year ended 31 December 2021, a joint venture issued additional shares to the Group and other investors.
            Upon the completion of this offering, the Group’s shareholding in this joint venture had been diluted from 45% to 25%.
            The difference of share of net assets by the Group due to such deemed disposal of interests is recognised as gains for
            approximately RMB93,080,000.

            During the year ended 31 December 2021, an associate issued additional shares to the Group and other investors. Upon
            the completion of this offering, the Group’s shareholding in this associate had been diluted from 48.79% to 43.62%.
            The difference of share of net assets by the Group due to such deemed disposal of interests is recognised as gain for
            approximately RMB84,782,000.



294
                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



32. INTEREST INCOME
                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                               2021           2020
                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


    Interest income from time deposits                      228,778               291,210
    Interest income from cash and cash equivalents and
      restricted cash                                         58,558              127,551
    Interest income from entrusted loans                      28,660               13,023


                                                            315,996               431,784



33. FINANCE COSTS
                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                               2021           2020
                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


    Interest expense                                        476,275               440,559
    Interest expense on lease liabilities                    66,282                 76,154
    Interest capitalised in qualifying assets              (117,241)               (77,146)


                                                            425,316               439,567




                                                                                             295
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  34. INCOME TAX CREDIT
                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2021           2020
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


      Current income tax                                                         419,275           107,405
      Deferred tax (Note 13)                                                    (573,392)         (463,395)


                                                                                (154,117)         (355,990)


      The tax on the Group’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
      average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2021           2020
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


      Profit before income tax                                                7,411,580          5,691,961


      Notional tax on profit before income tax, calculated at the rates
        applicable to profits in the tax jurisdictions concerned (Note(i))     2,203,145          1,512,261
      Share of profit of joint ventures and associates                        (2,787,473)        (2,383,145)
      Fair value losses/(gains) on financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss                                                     7,623            (32,757)
      Expenses not deductible for corporate income tax                            65,048             66,061
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                         (222,621)           (21,899)
      Unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences for
        which no deferred tax asset was recognised                              521,123            585,871
      Super deduction of research and development expenses                      (71,406)            (82,382)
      The impact of change in tax rate applicable to a major subsidiary         173,998                   –
      Dilution gains not subject to taxation                                    (43,554)                  –


      Income tax credit                                                         (154,117)         (355,990)




296
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2021




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



34. INCOME TAX CREDIT (Continued)
    (i)   The tax rates applicable to the Company and its major subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2021 are 15% or 25%
          (2020: 15% or 25%).

          Certain subsidiaries are subject to Hong Kong profits tax, which has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2020: 16.5%) on
          the estimated assessable profits for the year ended 31 December 2021.

          The Group’s subsidiaries, China Lounge Investment Ltd. and Denway, are recognised as PRC resident taxpayer by Guangzhou
          Yuexiu District Local Taxation Bureau, and are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law.




35. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, NET OF TAX
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2021           2020
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


    Change in fair value of FVOCI                                                             (231,227)               133,153
    Impairment loss on debt instruments at FVOCI                                                   718                       –
    Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations                                    (3,296)                 (5,128)
    Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of joint ventures
      and associates accounted for using the equity method                                     (64,630)                    335
    Remeasurement of post-employment benefit obligations                                        (4,240)                      –


                                                                                              (302,675)               128,360




                                                                                                                                 297
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  36. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (a)   Basic
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the consolidated profit attributable to owners of
            the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less restricted shares
            during the year.


                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2021           2020
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


            Profit attributable to owners of the Company                        7,511,030           5,964,055
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
              less restricted shares (thousands)                               10,252,339         10,238,230


            Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                  0.73                0.58



      (b)   Diluted
            Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary
            shares outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company
            had different categories of dilutive potential ordinary shares: convertible bonds, share option and
            restricted shares (collectively, “Share-based Awards”).


            The convertible bonds are assumed to have been converted into ordinary shares, and the net profit
            is adjusted to eliminate the interest expense. For the Share-based Awards, a calculation is done
            to determine the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair value (determined as
            the average market share price of the Company’s shares for the year ended 31 December 2021)
            based on the monetary value of the subscription rights attached to outstanding share options and
            the restricted shares. The number of shares calculated as above is compared with the number
            of shares that would have been outstanding assuming the exercise of the share options and the
            vesting of the restricted shares.




298
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



36. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
    (b)   Diluted (Continued)
                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000


          Profit attributable to owners of the Company               7,511,030            5,964,055
          Add: Interest expense on convertible bonds                    96,666               93,733


          Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share        7,607,696            6,057,788


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
           issue less restricted shares (thousands)                10,252,339            10,238,230
          Add: weighted average number of ordinary shares
                assuming conversion of all Share-based Awards
                (thousands)                                             21,582                 2,084
          Add: weighted average number of ordinary shares
                 assuming conversion of all convertible bonds
                 (thousands)                                          182,196               179,238


          Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted
           earnings per share (thousands)                          10,456,117            10,419,552


          Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                       0.73                  0.58




                                                                                                        299
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  37. DIVIDENDS
                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2021           2020
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


      Interim dividend paid of RMB0.05 (2020: RMB0.03)
        per ordinary share                                                      517,817           307,138
      Proposed final dividend of RMB0.17 (2020: RMB0.15)
        per ordinary share                                                    1,778,873         1,552,796


                                                                              2,296,690         1,859,934


      Dividends paid in 2021 and 2020 were RMB2,070,613,000 and RMB1,842,794,000, respectively. A final
      dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 of RMB0.17 per ordinary share, amounting to
      a total dividend of approximately RMB1,778,873,000 is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general
      meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.




300
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION
    (a)   Cash generated from operations
                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2021           2020
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


          Profit for the year                                                 7,565,697            6,047,951
          Adjustments for:
            – Income tax credit (Note 34)                                     (154,117)             (355,990)
            – Depreciation (Notes 7, 8 and 9)                                2,878,452             2,743,793
            – Amortisation (Notes 10)                                        2,840,132             2,366,601
            – Amortisation of government grants related to
                 assets (Note 28)                                              (369,722)             (485,283)
            – Impairment provision                                              833,140               770,821
            – (Gains)/losses on disposal of property, plant and
                 equipment and intangible assets (Note 31)                      (29,869)               48,176
            – Interest income (Note 32)                                        (315,996)             (431,784)
            – Finance costs (Note 33)                                           425,316               439,567
            – Gains on disposals of joint ventures and
                 associates (Note 31)                                               (12)                (7,403)
            – Foreign exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents               76,341                26,558
            – Share of profit of joint ventures and
                 associates (Note 11)                                       (11,403,899)          (9,570,978)
            – Net investment income relating to financial
                 assets (Note 31)                                              (381,625)             (319,380)
            – Fair value losses/(gains) on financial assets at fair value
                 through profit or loss (Note 31)                                22,307              (292,692)
            – Share-based payment (Note 23)                                     508,465              (195,528)
            – Dilution gains (Note 31)                                         (177,862)                    –


          Changes in working capital (excluding the effects of
           exchange differences on consolidation):
           – Inventories                                                     (1,567,758)             255,076
           – Trade and other receivables                                     (8,743,908)          (3,054,820)
           – Restricted cash                                                    458,239             (406,297)
           – Trade and other payables                                           886,853             (250,174)
           – Contract liabilities                                             1,134,043               (35,898)
           – Provisions                                                          52,157             (149,730)
           – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               44,799               (27,010)
           – Financial assets at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                            (398,374)             (303,741)


          Cash used in operations                                            (5,817,201)          (3,188,165)
                                                                                                                  301
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION (Continued)
      (b)   Non-cash transaction
            Non-cash transaction of acquisition and disposal of right-of-use assets is disclosed in Note 8.


      (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities
            The reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows:


                                                                             Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                  Trade and
                                                                            other payables-
                                                                                       assets
                                               Borrowings                         sold under         Trade and
                                                due within Borrowings due agreements to other payables-                  Leases
                                                    1 year     after 1 year      repurchase other payables            liabilities       Total
                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


            As at 1 January 2021                (6,504,211)       (8,473,173)         (102,092)        (129,018)     (1,512,541)    (16,721,035)
            Financing cash flows                 3,886,395        (6,460,869)         (426,884)          (7,094)        210,068      (2,798,384)
            Reclassification                    (7,338,086)        7,338,086                 –                –               –               –
            Other changes:
              – Interest charge                   (363,825)         (112,450)                –                 –        (66,282)      (542,557)
              – Interest payments (presented
                 as operating cash flows)         637,567                  –                 –                 –         66,282        703,849
              – Conversion of convertible
                 bonds                                   –          181,682                  –                 –               –       181,682
              – Acquisition of right-of-use
                 assets                                  –                 –                 –                 –      (358,379)       (358,379)
              – Disposals of right-of-use
                 assets                                  –                 –                 –                 –       197,125         197,125
              – Others                            (206,578)                –                 –                 –             –        (206,578)


            As at 31 December 2021              (9,888,738)       (7,526,724)         (528,976)        (136,112)     (1,463,727)    (19,544,277)




302
                                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION (Continued)
    (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities (Continued)
                                                                                Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                              Trade and other
                                                                             payables- assets
                                              Borrowings                            sold under Trade and other
                                             due within 1   Borrowings due agreements to payables-other
                                                     year       after 1 year       repurchase              payables     Leases liabilities         Total
                                               RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000


          As at 1 January 2020                (6,168,929)        (7,691,622)           (252,235)           (104,759)         (1,408,643)      (15,626,188)
          Financing cash flows                 2,627,205         (3,125,209)            150,143              (24,259)           238,952          (133,168)
          Reclassification                    (2,400,089)         2,400,089                   –                    –                  –                 –
          Other changes:
            – Interest charge                   (380,948)           (59,611)                   –                   –             (76,154)        (516,713)
            – Interest payments (presented
               as operating cash flows)         559,687                    –                   –                   –              76,154         635,841
            – Conversion of convertible
               bonds                                   –              3,180                    –                   –                    –           3,180
            – Acquisition of right-of-use
               assets                                  –                   –                   –                   –           (343,047)         (343,047)
            – Disposals of right-of-use
               assets                                  –                   –                   –                   –                 197              197
            – Others                            (741,137)                  –                   –                   –                   –         (741,137)


          As at 31 December 2020              (6,504,211)        (8,473,173)           (102,092)           (129,018)         (1,512,541)      (16,721,035)




                                                                                                                                                             303
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  39. COMMITMENTS
      (a)   Capital commitments
            The capital commitments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2021           2020
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


            Property, plant and equipment
              – Contracted but not provided for                                              1,969,734              1,872,340
              – Authorised but not contracted for                                              637,213                660,650


                                                                                             2,606,947              2,532,990


            Intangible assets
              – Contracted but not provided for                                                 32,355                 10,313
              – Authorised but not contracted for                                            2,384,669              2,219,433


                                                                                             2,417,024              2,229,746


            Investments
              – Authorised but not provided for (Notes (i) and (ii))                            446,338             1,107,075


                                                                                             5,470,309              5,869,811


            (i)    In 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an additional capital contribution to GAC Toyota with an
                   amount of USD37,855,000 (equivalent to RMB260,890,000) and USD20,330,000 (equivalent to RMB140,110,000),
                   respectively, according to the proportion of shares. Up to 31 December 2021, none of the amount has been paid.

            (ii)   In 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an additional capital contribution of RMB482,000,000 to
                   HYCAN Automotive Technology Co., Ltd., according to the proportion of shares. Up to 31 December 2021, amount
                   of approximately RMB45,338,000 has not been paid.




304
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



39. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Non-cancellable operating leases
          The investment properties and certain property, plant and equipment are leased to tenants under
          operating leases with rentals payable monthly. For details of the leasing arrangements of investment
          properties, refer to Note 9.


                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2021           2020
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


          Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of
            investment properties and certain property, plant and
            equipment are as follows:
          Within 1 year                                                         141,207               267,907
          Between 1 and 2 years                                                  92,184               224,473
          Between 2 and 3 years                                                  60,904               196,717
          Between 3 and 4 years                                                  50,634               178,594
          Between 4 and 5 years                                                  49,770                 3,684
          Later than 5 years                                                    392,811                 1,365


                                                                                787,510               872,740


          The Group leases various properties, vehicles, offices and other equipment under non-cancellable
          operating leases expiring within 6 months to 20 years. The leases have varying terms and renewal
          rights. On renewal, the terms of the leases are renegotiated.


          From 1 January 2019, the Group has recognised right-of-use assets for these leases, except for
          short-term and low-value leases, see Note 6 and Note 8 for further information.




                                                                                                                305
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  39. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Non-cancellable operating leases (Continued)
            As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s future aggregate minimum lease payments of leases not
            yet commended to which the Group is committed are listed as follows:


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2021           2020
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                           2,659              1,143
            Between 1 and 5 years                                                   4,530              5,174
            Over 5 years                                                                –                463


                                                                                    7,189              6,780



  40. TRANSACTIONS WITH NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group acquired additional equity interests of a non-
      wholly owned subsidiary, Dasheng Technology Co., Ltd. (“Dasheng”), from a third party investor at a
      consideration of RMB50,968,000. Immediately after the equity acquisition, the Group’s equity interests
      in Dasheng increased from 60% to 74.3%. Taking into account the effect of the transaction, the Group
      recognised an increase of RMB22,746,000 in share premium and a decrease of RMB73,714,000 in non-
      controlling interests.


      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group acquired additional equity interests of a non-wholly
      owned subsidiary, Chengdu Changyuan Automotive Selling Corporation (“Chengdu Changyuan”), from
      a third party investor at a consideration of RMB19,575,000. Immediately after the equity acquisition, the
      Group’s equity interests in Chengdu Changyuan increased from 55% to 100%. Taking into account the
      effect of the transaction, the Group recognised a decrease of RMB4,441,000 in share premium and a
      decrease of RMB15,134,000 in non-controlling interests.




306
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
    Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant
    influence in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
    subject to common control. The Group is subject to the control of the PRC Government.


    In accordance with HKAS 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, other state-owned enterprises and their
    subsidiaries, directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC Government (“state-owned enterprises”) are
    regarded as related parties of the Group.


    In addition to the related party information shown elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements,
    the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary and usual
    course of business and balances between the Group and its related parties, during the year ended 31
    December 2021.


    The balances of trade and other receivables, prepayments, trade and other payables, contract liabilities
    and lease liabilities rose in the ordinary and usual course of business and were unsecured, interest free
    and receivable/repayable according to the mutual agreed credit terms.




                                                                                                                  307
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions


                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                           2021           2020
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


            Sales of goods


            Sales of automotive parts and steels
            – Joint ventures                           3,632,060     2,867,907
            – Associates                                 129,802       118,338
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                             –           303


                                                       3,761,862     2,986,548


            Sales of passenger vehicles
            – Joint ventures                            153,961        283,318
            – Associates                                584,407         11,594


                                                        738,368        294,912


            Sales of production facility
            – Joint ventures                             37,042              –


                                                       4,537,272     3,281,460


            Loan interest from related parties
            – Joint ventures                            181,139        158,935
            – Associates                                  1,201          1,684


                                                        182,340        160,619




308
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


          Rendering of labour and insurance services
          – Joint ventures                                       1,018,623            1,022,758
          – Associates                                             763,807              670,638
          – GAIG                                                         –                   90
          – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                       468                  365


                                                                 1,782,898            1,693,851


          Income of trustee management of equity assets
          – GAIG (Note (i))                                         21,382                23,809


          Purchases of goods


          Purchases of automotive parts and materials
          – Joint ventures                                       1,225,921              754,712
          – Associates                                           3,295,358              974,269


                                                                 4,521,279            1,728,981


          Purchases of passenger vehicles
          – Joint ventures                                       8,203,562           10,538,066
          – Associates                                               2,286                3,605


                                                                 8,205,848           10,541,671


                                                               12,727,127            12,270,652




                                                                                                   309
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


            Interest on customer deposits
            – Joint ventures                                         71,700        106,481
            – Associates                                             16,275         16,226


                                                                     87,975        122,707


            Purchases of labour services and settlement of
              insurance claims
            – Joint ventures                                        134,874         43,572
            – Associates                                             24,026         41,628
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                   30,977         47,359


                                                                    189,877        132,559


            Provision of entrusted loans to related parties
            – Joint ventures                                        490,000      1,008,294
            – Associates                                             24,500          7,350


                                                                    514,500      1,015,644


            Rental from related parties
            – Joint ventures                                        153,992        257,509
            – Associates                                             15,323            807
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                   10,754         12,095


                                                                    180,069        270,411




310
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                            2021           2020
                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000


          Interest charges for lease liabilities to related parties
          – Joint ventures                                                    958                    614
          – Associates                                                         12                      –
          – GAIG                                                              615                    843
          – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                                –                    510


                                                                            1,585                 1,967


          Rental of right-of-use assets to related parties
          – Joint ventures                                                 21,409                21,276
          – Associates                                                        336                     –
          – GAIG                                                           21,033                31,786
          – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                            2,779                13,738


                                                                           45,557                66,800


          Repayment of entrusted loans from related parties
          – Joint ventures                                               739,634               500,000
          – An associate                                                   8,294                     –


                                                                         747,928               500,000


          Entrusted loan interest from related parties
          – Joint ventures                                                 33,584                12,339
          – An associate                                                       24                     –


                                                                           33,608                12,339



                                                                                                              311
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


            Entrusted loans from a related party
            – A joint venture                                       100,000         70,000


            Repayment of entrusted loans to a related party
            – A joint venture                                        70,000              –
            – An associate                                                –         70,000


                                                                     70,000         70,000


            Entrusted loan interest to a related party
            – A joint venture                                         1,466          1,457


            Borrowings from a related party
            – A joint venture                                      2,132,726     2,128,363


            Repayment of borrowings to a related party
            – A joint venture                                      2,190,519     2,090,901


            Borrowing interest to a related party
            – A joint venture                                        26,249          9,654


            Loans to related parties
            – Joint ventures                                       3,839,325     4,637,462
            – Associates                                                 928        38,500


                                                                   3,840,253     4,675,962




312
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


          Repayment of loans from related parties
          – Joint ventures                                       3,791,664            3,408,225
          – Associates                                              30,858               26,631


                                                                 3,822,522            3,434,856


          Guarantee fees to a related party
          – GAIG                                                     3,000                 3,000


          Sales of intangible assets
          – Joint ventures                                          68,979              189,389
          – Associates                                              22,892                    –


                                                                    91,871              189,389




                                                                                                   313
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties


                                                        As at 31 December
                                                           2021           2020
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


            Trade receivables
            – Joint ventures                             994,919       937,224
            – Associates                                 368,601       138,993
            – GAIG                                            94             –
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                             4             –


                                                        1,363,618     1,076,217


            Interest receivable
            – Joint ventures                               5,123        21,456
            – Associates                                      30            43


                                                           5,153        21,499


            Other receivables and prepayments
            – Joint ventures                             398,204       569,688
            – Associates                                   5,044         2,919
            – GAIG                                        19,968        26,824
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                           842         1,300


                                                         424,058       600,731


            Dividend receivable
            – Joint ventures                            4,209,208     3,752,145




314
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)


                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


          Notes receivable
          – Joint ventures                                            55,540                50,080


          Entrusted loans due from (Note (ii))
          – Joint ventures                                          240,277               582,599
          – An associate                                              5,673                     –


                                                                    245,950               582,599


          Loans to related parties – current (Note (iii))
          – Joint ventures                                        1,520,079             2,931,961
          – Associates                                                6,262                30,930


                                                                  1,526,341             2,962,891


          Loans to related parties – non-current (Note (iii))
          – Joint ventures                                        1,119,742               831,617
          – Associates                                                    –                 5,264


                                                                  1,119,742               836,881




                                                                                                     315
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)


                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


            Long-term receivables
            – Joint ventures                                         155,494             –
            – Associates                                                   –        72,115


                                                                     155,494        72,115


            Trade payables
            – Joint ventures                                          525,832      139,216
            – Associates                                            1,576,741      395,264
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                          –            8


                                                                    2,102,573      534,488


            Other payables
            – Joint ventures                                         152,230        28,021
            – Associates                                             214,506        11,786
            – GAIG                                                   505,199       504,731
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                     3,770         3,444


                                                                     875,705       547,982




316
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)


                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


          Contract liabilities
          – Joint ventures                                          260,262                 45,817
          – Associates                                               13,275                 12,788
          – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                          3                      –


                                                                    273,540                 58,605


          Notes payable
          – Joint ventures                                          419,529               880,231


          Customer deposits
          – Joint ventures                                        4,001,104             6,149,280
          – Associates                                              739,711             1,466,974


                                                                  4,740,815             7,616,254


          Short-term borrowings (Note (iv))
          – A joint venture                                         281,432               342,698


          Long-term borrowings (Note (iv))
          – A joint venture                                                 –                   974




                                                                                                      317
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2021           2020
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


            Entrusted loans due to (Note (v))
            – A joint venture                                                                     100,000                  70,000


            Interest payable
            – Joint ventures                                                                        11,152                   7,353
            – Associates                                                                            10,677                   6,146


                                                                                                    21,829                 13,499


            Lease liabilities
            – Joint ventures                                                                        17,327                 11,169
            – Associates                                                                               100                     15
            – GAIG                                                                                  12,657                 15,652
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                                                   8,458                 10,265


                                                                                                    38,542                 37,101


            (i)     On 5 January 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company passed a resolution in relation to the Company being
                    entrusted by its controlling shareholder GAIG to manage certain equity investments held by GAIG. The period of
                    the entrusted management is three years. The annual management fee is made up of basic and floating portions,
                    with an annual limit of RMB49,000,000.

            (ii)    The balances of entrusted loans due from related parties were with interest rate ranging from 3.85% to 4.35%,
                    unsecured and receivable in accordance with normal commercial terms.

            (iii)   The balances of loans relating to financing services to related parties were with interest rate ranging from 3.58%
                    to 5.63% and receivable in accordance with normal commercial terms. Majority of loans to related parties were
                    unsecured and certain loans to related parties were secured by certain inventories.

                    As at 31 December 2021, the Group recorded provision of RMB81,269,000 for joint ventures and RMB137,000
                    for associates for impairment of loans relating to financing services to related parties (2020: RMB64,164,000 and
                    RMB535,000).



318
                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)

          (iv)   Borrowings from a joint venture, which is a financial institution, are interest bearing and repayable in accordance
                 with normal commercial terms. As at 31 December 2021, borrowings from a joint venture were secured by the
                 Group’s inventories with carrying value of approximately RMB175,583,000 (2020: RMB219,059,000).

          (v)    The balances of entrusted loans due to a joint venture were with interest rate of 2.25%, unsecured and repayable
                 in accordance with normal commercial terms.


    (c)   Commitments for related parties
          As at 31 December 2021, the bill acceptance provided by the Group to related parties amounted
          to approximately RMB154,638,000 (2020: RMB50,603,000).


    (d)   Key management compensation
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2021           2020
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


          Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                                        32,511                  23,668


          In addition, net expense recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for
          share options and restricted shares granted to the key management for the year ended 31 December
          2021 is RMB11,155,000.


          Net expense reversed in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for share options
          and restricted shares granted to the key management for the year ended 31 December 2020 was
          RMB3,876,000.




                                                                                                                                   319
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (e)   Transactions and balances with other state-owned enterprises in the PRC
            The Group operates in an economic environment predominated by state-owned enterprises. During
            the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had transactions with state-owned enterprises
            including, but not limited to, sales of automobiles and other automotive parts and purchases of
            raw materials and automotive parts.

            For the purpose of related party transactions disclosure, the Group has in place procedures to
            assist the identification of the immediate ownership structure of its customers and suppliers as to
            whether they are state-owned enterprises. However, many state-owned enterprises have multi-
            layered corporate structure and the ownership structures change over time as a result of transfers
            and privatisation programs.


            Nevertheless, the Directors consider that transactions with other state-owned enterprises are
            activities in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, and that the dealings of the Group have not
            been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that the Group and other state-owned enterprises
            are ultimately controlled or owned by the PRC Government. The Group has also established pricing
            policies for products and services, and such pricing policies do not depend on whether or not the
            customers are state-owned enterprises. Having due regard to the substance of the relationships, the
            Directors are of the opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions
            that require separate disclosure except for the transactions with state-owned financial institutions
            as disclosed below.


            (i)    Balances with state-owned financial institutions
                   As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, majority part of the Group’s bank balances and borrowings
                   were deposited in or financed from various state-owned financial institutions. The Directors
                   are of opinion that such transactions were conducted in the ordinary course of business and
                   in accordance with normal commercial terms.


            (ii)   Guarantees given by state-owned enterprises and GAIG
                   As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, information of borrowings guaranteed by GAIG is
                   presented in Note 26(i).




320
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (f)   Guarantees to an associate
          As at 31 December 2021, the Group provided financial guarantees of approximately RMB16,600,000
          (2020: Nil) to an associate.


          It is expected that the financial guarantees provided by the Group will not lead to any significant
          liabilities.



42. EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
    In January 2022, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, completed the launch of ABN amounting
    to RMB1,414,000,000 by issuing senior debt securities to investors.


    On 20 December 2021, the Group entered into an agreement with HYCAN Automotive Technology Co.,
    Ltd. to dispose of 49% equity interest in a wholly-owned subsidiary, GAC Motor Hangzhou, for a cash
    consideration of approximately RMB1,238,808,000. The transaction was subsequently completed in
    January 2022.


    On 17 March 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved GAC AION, the Company’s wholly-
    owned subsidiary, to implement an employee equity incentive scheme targeting certain key employees
    and R&D personnel of GAC Research and Development Centre and introduce certain strategic investors.
    Upon completion of the additional capital issuance, GAC AION received an amount of cash consideration
    of RMB2.57 billion and its registered capital increased from RMB6 billion to approximately RMB6.42 billion.




                                                                                                                  321
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVES MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY
      Balance sheet of the Company
                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                  2021           2020
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                            3,281,456     3,203,419
      Right-of-use assets                                        426,019       442,941
      Investment properties                                      617,854       466,216
      Intangible assets                                        5,040,568     6,877,153
      Investments in subsidiaries                             39,629,338    31,013,643
      Investments in joint ventures and associates            27,979,421    24,976,451
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    1,075,173       997,006
      Prepayments and long-term receivables                      290,346       262,457


                                                              78,340,175    68,239,286


      Current assets
      Inventories                                                 31,092        29,420
      Trade and other receivables                              6,478,613     5,677,014
      Time deposits                                            3,945,557       765,000
      Cash and cash equivalents                                7,010,437    10,713,994


                                                              17,465,699    17,185,428


      Total assets                                            95,805,874    85,424,714




322
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2021




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVES MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
    Balance sheet of the Company (Continued)
                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                         Note              2021           2020
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


     LIABILITIES
     Non-current liabilities
     Borrowings                                                        2,995,121             5,594,290
     Lease liabilities                                                     1,038                 2,873
     Government grants                                                   269,814               484,674


                                                                       3,265,973             6,081,837


     Current liabilities
     Trade and other payables                                          6,526,604             6,303,645
     Contract liabilities                                                 17,696                28,889
     Borrowings                                                        2,628,607               156,111
     Lease liabilities                                                     2,133                 1,823


                                                                       9,175,040             6,490,468


     Total liabilities                                                12,441,013            12,572,305


     Net assets                                                       83,364,861            72,852,409


     EQUITY
     Share capital                                                    10,370,593            10,349,697
     Reserves                                              (a)        37,661,843            36,939,144
     Retained earnings                                     (a)        35,332,425            25,563,568


     Total equity                                                     83,364,861            72,852,409


    The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2022 and was
    signed on its behalf:


                         Zeng Qinghong                                Feng Xingya
                            Director                                    Director




                                                                                                          323
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      (a)   Reserve movements of the Company


                                                                                             Statutory Share-based     Convertible
                                                Share     Treasury     Capital     FVOCI       surplus compensation        bonds                     Retained
                                             premium         stock    reserve     reserve reserve fund      reserve       reserve Total reserves      earnings        Total
                                             RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


            As at 1 January 2020            30,646,952          –      18,262         (10)   4,740,741      741,339      240,942     36,388,226     20,587,427    56,975,653


            Profit for the year                      –          –           –           –            –            –             –              –     7,576,595     7,576,595
            Appropriation to statutory
                surplus reserve fund                 –          –           –           –      757,660            –             –       757,660       (757,660)             –
            Dividend declared by the
                Company                              –          –           –           –            –            –             –              –    (1,842,794)   (1,842,794)
            Employee share-based
                awards scheme (Note 23)
              – Value of employee
                    services                         –          –           –           –            –     (195,528)            –      (195,528)             –      (195,528)
              – Proceeds from shares
                    issued                    515,731    (509,486)          –           –            –      (20,393)            –        (14,148)            –       (14,148)
            Convertible bonds
                (Note 26(h))
              – Conversion of convertible
                    bonds                        3,257          –           –           –            –            –          (300)        2,957              –         2,957
            Others                                   –          –           –         (23)           –            –             –            (23)            –            (23)


            As at 31 December 2020          31,165,940   (509,486)     18,262         (33)   5,498,401      525,418      240,642     36,939,144     25,563,568    62,502,712




324
      43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
          (a)   Reserve movements of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                                Investments
                                                                                                      in joint                                          Remeasurement
                                                                                                   ventures       Statutory                                    of post-
                                                                                                          and       surplus Share-based Convertible        employment
                                                       Share    Treasury     Capital     FVOCI associates           reserve compensation    bonds               benefit       Total      Retained
                                                    premium        stock     reserve    reserve      reserve           fund      reserve   reserve          obligations    reserves      earnings       Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000               RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


                As at 1 January 2021               31,165,940   (509,486)     18,262        (33)             –    5,498,401    525,418      240,642                –      36,939,144    25,563,568   62,502,712


                Profit for the year                         –          –           –          –              –            –           –            –               –               –    11,839,470 11,839,470
                Dividend declared by the Company            –          –           –          –              –            –           –            –               –               –    (2,070,613) (2,070,613)
                Share of other changes in net
                  assets of joint ventures and
                  associates                                –          –           –          –        (24,953)           –           –            –               –         (24,953)            –      (24,953)
                Remeasurement of post-
                  employment benefit obligations            –          –           –          –              –            –           –            –          (2,760)         (2,760)            –       (2,760)
                Employee share-based awards
                  scheme (Note 23)
                  – Value of employee services             –           –           –          –              –            –    508,465             –               –        508,465              –     508,465
                  – Proceeds from shares issued       90,186           –           –          –              –            –    (17,155)            –               –         73,031              –      73,031
                Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
                  – Conversion of convertible
                      bonds                          185,692           –           –          –              –            –           –      (16,776)              –        168,916              –     168,916


                As at 31 December 2021             31,441,818   (509,486)     18,262        (33)       (24,953)   5,498,401   1,016,728     223,866           (2,760)     37,661,843    35,332,425   72,994,268


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




325
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS
      (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments
            The remuneration of every director, supervisor and the general manager for the year ended 31
            December 2021 is set out as below:

                                                  Basic salaries,          Employer’s
                                                         housing    contributions to a                           Remunerations paid or
                                                  fund and other    retirement benefit                          receivable in respect of
              Name                         Fees      allowances               scheme Discretionary bonuses   accepting office as director     Total
                                        RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000                       RMB’000     RMB’000

            Name of director
              Zeng Qinghong                   –              623                122                    449                             –      1,194
              Feng Xingya                     –            1,054                241                  1,871                             –      3,166
              Zhao Fuquan                     –              150                  –                      –                             –        150
              Xiao Shengfang                  –              150                  –                      –                             –        150
              Wong Hakkun                     –              150                  –                      –                             –        150
              Song Tiebo                      –              150                  –                      –                             –        150
              Chen Xiaomu                     –              616                129                    404                             –      1,149
              Chen Maoshan                    –              998                219                  1,500                             –      2,717
              Ding Hongxiang                  –                –                  –                      –                             –          –
              Guan Dayuan(Note(ii))           –                –                  –                      –                             –          –
              Liu Zhijun(Note(ii))            –                –                  –                      –                             –          –
              Chen Jun(Note(iii))             –                –                  –                      –                             –          –
              Han Ying(Note(iii))             –                –                  –                      –                             –          –

            Name of supervisor
              Chen Tian                       –                –                  –                      –                             –          –
              Cao Xiandong(Note(ii))          –                –                  –                      –                             –          –
              Huang Cheng(Note(ii))           –                –                  –                      –                             –          –
              Shi Lei                         –              621                119                    163                             –        903
              Wang Lu                         –              578                117                    145                             –        840
              Huang Zhuo                      –              501                105                    130                             –        736
              Long Yong(Note(iii))            –                –                  –                      –                             –          –
              Wang Junyang(Note(iii))         –                –                  –                      –                             –          –
              Jiang Xiuyun(Note(iii))         –                –                  –                      –                             –          –


            The above emoluments do not include the fair value of share options granted under SO-II Phase I
            in 2017, SO-II Phase II in 2018 and SO-III and RS in 2020.




326
                                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
    (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments (Continued)
          The remuneration of every director, supervisor and the general manager for the year ended 31
          December 2020 is set out as below:

                                          Basic salaries,          Employer’s
                                                 housing    contributions to a                                 Remunerations paid or
                                         fund and other     retirement benefit                                receivable in respect of
            Name                  Fees       allowances               scheme     Discretionary bonuses     accepting office as director      Total
                               RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000                   RMB’000                        RMB’000      RMB’000


          Name of director
            Zeng Qinghong            –              684                    75                     290                                –       1,049
            Feng Xingya              –            1,155                    75                   1,163                                –       2,393
            Zhao Fuquan              –               88                     –                       –                                –          88
            Xiao Shengfang           –               88                     –                       –                                –          88
            Wong Hakkun              –               88                     –                       –                                –          88
            Song Tiebo               –               88                     –                       –                                –          88
            Fu Yuwu                  –               63                     –                       –                                –          63
            Lan Hailin               –               63                     –                       –                                –          63
            Leung Lincheong          –               63                     –                       –                                –          63
            Wang Susheng             –               63                     –                       –                                –          63
            Chen Xiaomu              –              606                    63                     217                                –         886
            Chen Maoshan             –            1,081                    75                     847                                –       2,003
            Chen Jun                 –                –                     –                       –                                –           –
            Ding Hongxiang           –                –                     –                       –                                –           –
            Han Ying                 –                –                     –                       –                                –           –
            Yan Zhuangli             –                –                     –                       –                                –           –

          Name of supervisor
            Ji Li                    –                –                     –                       –                                –          –
            Chen Tian                –                –                     –                       –                                –          –
            Long Yong                –                –                     –                       –                                –          –
            Wang Junyang             –                –                     –                       –                                –          –
            Jiang Xiuyun             –              715                    75                     195                                –        985
            He Jinpei                –              518                    56                     153                                –        727
            Shi Lei                  –              220                    26                      60                                –        306
            Wang Lu                  –              563                    75                     133                                –        771


          The above emoluments do not include the fair value of share options granted under SO-II Phase I
          in 2017, SO-II Phase II in 2018 and SO-III and RS in 2020.



                                                                                                                                                     327
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
      (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments (Continued)
            Expense recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for share options
            granted to the above directors, supervisors and the general manager for the year ended 31 December
            2021 and 2020 is set out as below:


                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                     2021                                         2020

                                                                      Net expense
                                                                       recognised                                            Net expense
                                                                     for the share                                        reversed for the
                                                     Number of        options and                                       share options and
                                   Number of          restricted         restricted Number of share          Number of restricted shares
            Name                share options            shares    shares granted           options   restricted shares           granted
                                                                          RMB’000                                               RMB’000


            Name of director
            Zeng Qinghong                   –                 –                 –          373,336                  –                (547)
            Feng Xingya               290,000           290,000             1,444          644,668            290,000                (400)
            Chen Xiaomu                     –                 –                 –          261,336                  –                (383)
            Chen Maoshan              245,000           245,000             1,220          581,000            245,000                (390)


            (i)     The amount represented emoluments throughout their terms of directors or supervisors in 2021 and 2020.

            (ii)    In October 2021, Mr. Guan Dayuan and Mr. Liu Zhijun were appointed as directors. Mr. Cao Xiandong and
                    Mr. Huang Cheng were appointed as supervisors.

            (iii)   In February 2021, Ms. Jiang Xiuyun resigned from supervisor. In October 2021, Mr. Chen Jun and Mr. Han Ying
                    resigned from directors. Mr. Long Yong and Mr. Wang Junyang resigned from supervisors.

            (iv)    In 2021 and 2020, there was no emoluments paid to or receivable by directors in respect of their other services in
                    connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking.




328
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
    (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits
          None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits for the year ended 31 December
          2021 (2020: Nil).


    (c)   Directors’ termination benefits
          None of the directors received or will receive any termination benefits for the year ended 31
          December 2021 (2020: Nil).


    (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
          For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group did not pay consideration to any third parties
          for making available directors’ services (2020: Nil).


    (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
          bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors
          As at 31 December 2021, there are no loans, quasi-loans and other dealing arrangements in favor
          of directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors (2020: Nil).


    (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
          No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’ s business to which
          the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether
          directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2020: Nil).




                                                                                                                  329
  DIFFERENCE IN ACCOUNTING DATA UNDER
  DIFFERENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
  The differences between the net profits and net assets attributable to
  the shareholders of the listed company in the financial report disclosed
  in accordance with overseas Accounting Standards and PRC Accounting
  Standards

                                                                                    Unit: 0’000 Currency: RMB


                                                                Net profits               Net assets
                                                             Current         Last       End of Beginning
                                                              period       period       period   of period

  In accordance with PRC Accounting Standards                733,492     596,583     9,025,929    8,432,101
  Adjusted items and amounts under overseas financial
     reporting standards:
  (1) Amortisation of equity investment difference                 0           0         4,501        4,501
  (2) Difference in accounting treatment for the reversal
        of provision for impairment of non-current assets          0           0           901          901
  (3) Staff and workers’ bonus and welfare fund
         included in profit allocation as current cost and
         expenses items                                         -175        -177             0            0
  (4) Dilution impact on investments accounted for
        using the equity method                               17,786           0             0            0
  In accordance with overseas financial reporting
     standards                                               751,103     596,406     9,031,331    8,437,503


  Financial statements of the Group for the year 2021 prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial
  Reporting Standards have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers.




330
                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021




FIVE-YEAR
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the published financial results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for
the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements of the Group, is set out below:

                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                           2021            2020        2019       2018                          2017
                                        RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000                       RMB’000
Revenue                               75,675,765      63,156,985       59,704,322        72,379,779        71,574,939
Cost of sales                        (71,776,845)    (60,860,992)     (57,181,363)      (60,835,699)      (58,716,478)

Gross profit                            3,898,920       2,295,993       2,522,959        11,544,080        12,858,461
Selling and distribution costs         (4,339,756)     (3,641,480)     (4,553,402)        (5,073,033)       (5,250,070)
Administrative expenses                (4,556,045)     (3,850,327)     (3,589,516)        (4,519,380)       (4,021,804)
Net impairment losses on financial
  assets                                 (143,468)         (55,110)        (53,831)           (7,257)               –
Interest income                           257,438         304,233         290,694           453,389           342,643
Other gains – net                       1,257,349       1,379,690       2,620,340         1,067,991           562,459
Operating (loss)/profit                (3,625,562)     (3,567,001)     (2,762,756)        3,465,790         4,491,689
Interest income                            58,558         127,551         171,565           103,021            52,676
Finance costs                            (425,316)       (439,567)       (516,481)         (458,858)         (646,477)
Share of profit of joint ventures
  and associates                      11,403,900       9,570,978        9,399,343         8,753,300          8,296,387
Profit before income tax               7,411,580       5,691,961        6,291,671        11,863,253        12,194,275
Income tax credit/(expense)              154,117         355,990          417,186          (920,808)        (1,154,259)
Profit for the year                    7,565,697       6,047,951        6,708,857        10,942,445        11,040,016

Profit is attributable to:
Owners of the Company                  7,511,030       5,964,055        6,616,265        10,899,603        11,004,671
Non-controlling interests                 54,667          83,896           92,592            42,842            35,345


                                       7,565,697       6,047,951        6,708,857        10,942,445        11,040,016


                                                              As at 31 December
                                           2021            2020         2019       2018                         2017
                                        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000                      RMB’000

Assets, liabilities and
 non-controlling interests
Total assets                         154,250,589     142,860,688      137,463,551      132,173,759       119,656,441
Total liabilities                     61,601,804      56,147,060       54,955,305       54,199,052        49,188,448
Non-controlling interests              2,335,474       2,338,597        2,320,135        1,370,853         1,043,725


                                                                                                                          331
  AWARDS AND HONOURS
  Subject       Honours won by the Group and its major investees                                                 Organiser/theme
  The Company   Model Enterprise in Management Benchmark Establishment of State-owned Assets                     State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council/
                   Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council                                    Management Benchmark Establishment
                2021 Top 10 Cases of Social Value Bluebook (Ecological Civilization Protection) for State-       Science and Technology Innovation and Social Responsibility Bureau of State-
                   owned Enterprises in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area                                   owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council,
                                                                                                                     Guangdong Provincial State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
                                                                                                                     Commission
                “Excellent Enterprise of Sustainable Brand Dissemination” in the selection of 2021 Global        Chinese Institute of Business Administration, Social Responsibility and Sustainable
                   Outstanding Enterprise of Sustainable Competitiveness                                             Development Commission
                Gold Cup in the “Guangdong Kapok Cup for Poverty Relief”                                         Guangdong Provincial Leading Group for Rural Work under Communist Party of China

  GAEI          GAC AION AION LX and GAC concept vehicle ENO.146 won the iF Design Award 2021 of                 Hannover Industrial Design Forum
                   Germany
                GAC AION AION Y won the 2021 CMF Design Award                                                    International CMF Design Award Organisation Committee
                The title of “Chinese Heart” 2021 Ten Best Engines                                               Autosports

  GAMC          Intelligent Manufacturing Ecological Partner of Guangdong Province                               Department of Industry and Information Technology of Guangdong Province
                Energy-Saving Vehicle Application Engineering Technology Research Center of Guangdong            Department of Science and Technology of Guangdong Province
                    Province
                No. 2 among domestic brands for 2021 Automobile After-sales Customer Satisfaction                Chinese Association of Automobile Manufacturers
                    Research (CAACS)
                Second place among self-owned brands in J.D. Power 2021 China Automobile Customer                J.D.POWER
                    Service Index (CSI) Study
                Third-class prize of 2021 Chinese Automotive Industry Science and Technology Advancement         China Society of Automotive Engineers
                    Award

  GAC AION      2021 Annual Potential Automobile Enterprise                                                      36Kr
                Technology Innovation Award for Charging Facilities Industry                                     Guangdong Charging Facilities Association
                Enterprise with Most Investment Value in 2021                                                    National Business Daily
                2020 Progressive Smart Car Enterprise                                                            Chinese Association of Automobile Manufacturers
                Annual Innovative Brand                                                                          Guangzhou Daily, China New Mainstream Media Automotive Union
                Annual Intelligent Factory                                                                       Sohu Auto, Sohu Technology
                “Gold Engine” 2021 China’s Best New Energy Vehicles Company                                      21st Century Business Herald

  GAC Honda     Guangdong Environmental Education Base- Zengcheng factory                                        Department of Ecology and Environment of Guangdong Province
                Bronze Cup of the 2020 Guangdong Kapok Cup for Poverty Relief                                    Guangdong Provincial Leading Group for Rural Work under Communist Party of China
                Title of “Outstanding Enterprise in Pollution and Carbon Reduction” and A-level Enterprise for   Department of Ecology and Environment of Guangdong Province
                     VOCs Hierarchical Control of Guangdong Province
                No. 1 in Sales Satisfaction Index (SSI) Study, No. 1 among mass market brands in Customer        J.D. Power
                     Service Index (CSI) Study, No. 1 among mass market brands in the Initial Quality Study
                     (IQS) and No. 1 among mass market brands in Dealer Satisfaction Survey (DAS)
                5A Enterprise in the Green Development Index (GDI) of Automotive Industry in 2021                Energy-saving and Green-development Assessment Centre for Automotive Industry
                2021 Model Smart Enterprise of Chinese Automobile Industry                                       China Association of Plant Engineering, Automotive Intelligent Manufacturing
                                                                                                                    Technology Center
                National Exemplary Enterprise for Safety Culture Construction                                    China Association of Work Safety




332
                                                                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021




                                                                                                         AWARDS AND HONOURS



Subject         Honours won by the Group and its major investees                                         Organiser/theme
GAC Toyota      Outstanding Enterprise in Pollution and Carbon Reduction                                 Department of Ecology and Environment of Guangdong Province
                100+ Global Typical Cases for Biodiversity                                               China Environmental Protection Foundation
                Advanced Manufacturing Engineering Technology Research Center for Passenger Vehicle of   Department of Science and Technology of Guangdong Province
                   Guangdong Province
                2021 First Prize in Excellent Quality Management Team Activity Achievement of National   China Machine Building Quality Management Association
                   Machinery Industry
                No. 1 for sales and after-sales service satisfaction in 2021 China Automobile Customer   China Association for Quality
                   Satisfaction Index (CACSI)

GAC-SOFINCO     2021 Best Automobile Finance Company of “Gold Engine” Award                              21st Century Business Herald, China Automobile Finance

GAC Component   Ranked 56th among 2021 Global Top 100 Auto Parts Companies, and 7th among Top 100        China Automotive News
                   Auto Parts Companies in China
                2020 Top 30 Auto Parts Companies in China Automobile Industry                            China Association of Automobile Manufacturers
                2021 China Machinery Top 500                                                             China Machinery Enterprise Management Association
                New Type Research and Development Institution in Guangdong Province                      Department of Science and Technology of Guangdong Province

GAC Business    Ranked 19th among 2021 Top 100 Automobile Dealer Groups in China                         China Automobile Dealers Association

GAC Capital     2020-2021 China Green Investment Institution with Most Growth Potential                  Chinese Venture




                                                                                                                                                                                   333
  AWARDS AND HONOURS



  VEHICLE MODELS AND OTHER AWARDS
  Vehicle Models                                Name of Honour                                        Awarded by
  GAC Trumpchi GS3 SUVs                         2020 Guangdong Famous High-tech Product               Guangdong Hi-tech Enterprise Association
  GAC Trumpchi M8 MPVs                          2020 Guangdong Famous High-tech Product               Guangdong Hi-tech Enterprise Association
  GAC Trumpchi second-generation GS4 SUVs       2020 Guangdong Famous High-tech Product               Guangdong Hi-tech Enterprise Association
  GAC Trumpchi EMPOW                            China’s Vehicle of the Year                           Auto Business Review
  GAC AION AION V                               Annual Vehicle for Energy Saving and Environmental    China New Mainstream Media Automotive
                                                  Protection                                            Alliance
  GAC AION AION V Plus                          Gold Award of Automatic Parking, Gold Award of        Organisation Committee of China Intelligence
                                                  Traffic Jam Assistant in the Intelligence Network     Network Contest for Automobile
                                                  Contest for Automobile
  GAC AION AION V Plus                          Top Ten Models of the Year                            Tsinghua Automotive Engineering
                                                                                                         Development Institute for Automotive
                                                                                                         Observation
  GAC AION AION Y                               Annual trend-setting technological SUV                NetEase Automobile
  GAC AION AION Y                               Annual Best-selling Intelligent Pure Electric SUV     Cheshi Hongdian
  GAC AION AION S                               2021 Global Top Ten Select New Energy                 huanqiu.com
                                                  Automobiles
  GAC Honda Accord                              Best-selling Car of the Year                          China Media Group
  GAC Honda Accord                              2021 Global Top Ten Select Sedans                     huanqiu.com
  GAC Honda Fit                                 Small-sized Vehicle of the Year                       auto.ifeng.com
  GAC Honda Odyssey                             2021 Global Top Ten Select MPV                        huanqiu.com
  GAC Honda Breeze                              2021 Comfortable Travel-Best Hybrid Model             National Business Daily
  GAC Honda Breeze                              Annual SUV Award for Joint Venture Brand              Global Auto Media
  GAC Honda Integra                             New Style Sports Mid-size Sedan                       China New Mainstream Media Automotive
                                                                                                         Alliance
  GAC Toyota Sienna                             Annual MPV Award                                      Sohu Auto
  GAC Toyota Sienna                             Annual Popular MPV with Most Consumer Focus           Auto Business Review
  GAC Toyota New Fourth-Generation Highlander   Medium-and-Large-sized SUV of the Year                Huanqiuauto.com
  GAC Toyota Wildlander                         Award for Best Brand Influence                        Tencent Auto
  GAC Toyota New Camry                          China Automobile Industry Overall Standings for the   Xiaoxiang Morning Herald
                                                   Year 2021-Annual Best-selling Car
  GAC FAC Jeep Commander                        7-seater SUV of the Year                              China Mainstream Automobile TVs
                                                                                                        (Omnimedia Alliance)
  GAC Mitsubishi Airtrek                        Annual New Energy SUV                                 China Mainstream Automobile TVs Alliance
  GAC Mitsubishi Airtrek                        Annual Most Anticipated New Energy Model              Shandong TV Station
  GAC Mitsubishi Outlander Dynamic Version      2021 Annual Sporty SUV                                Youth Daily




334
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




DEFINITIONS
In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, all terms used shall have the following meaning:


“Articles of Association”          the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to time


“associate(s)”, “associated        all entities over which the Company has significant influence but not control,
  company(ies)” or “associated     generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the
  enterprise(s)”                   voting rights of such entities


“Board”                            the board of directors of the Company


“China Lounge Investments”         China Lounge Investments Limited (中隆投資有限公司), a wholly-owned
                                   subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Hong Kong


“Company” or “GAC”                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司)


“Company Law”                      the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China


“CSRC”                             China Securities Regulatory Commission


“Da Sheng Technology”              Da Sheng Technology Co., Ltd. (大聖科技股份有限公司), a subsidiary of the
                                   Company established in June 2016 under PRC law, in which the Company
                                   and Urtrust Insurance hold approximately 74.30% equity interests in total


“GAC AION”                         GAC AION New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣汽埃安新能源汽車有限公
                                   司) (formerly known as Guangzhou Automobile New Energy Automobile Co.,
                                   Ltd. (廣汽新能源汽車有限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
                                   incorporated in July 2017 under PRC law


“GAC Aisin”                        GAC Aisin Automatic Gearbox Co., Ltd. (廣汽愛信自動變速器有限公司), an
                                   associated company jointly funded and established by GAMC, AISIN AW Co.,
                                   Ltd. and Aida (China) Investment Co., Ltd. in December 2018 under PRC
                                   law, in which the Company indirectly holds 40% equity interests


“GAC Business”                     GAC Business Co., Ltd. (廣汽商貿有限公司) (formerly known as Guangzhou
                                   Automobile Group Business Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團商貿有限公司)), a wholly-
                                   owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in March 2000 under PRC law




                                                                                                                    335
  DEFINITIONS



  “GAC BYD”         Guangzhou GAC BYD New Energy Passenger Vehicle Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽比
                    亞迪新能源客車有限公司), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in August
                    2014 under PRC law by the Company and BYD Company Limited, and the
                    Company holds 49% of its equity interests


  “GAC Capital”     GAC Capital Co., Ltd. (廣汽資本有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                    Company incorporated in April 2013 under PRC Law


  “GAC Changfeng”   GAC Changfeng Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽長豐汽車有限公司) (formerly known
                    as Hunan Changfeng Motor Co., Ltd. (湖南長豐汽車製造股份有限公司)),
                    a company incorporated in November 1996 under PRC Law, in which the
                    Company holds 100% equity interests


  “GAC Component”   GAC Component Co., Ltd. (廣汽零部件有限公司) (formerly known as
                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Component Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團零部件
                    有限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in August 2000 under
                    PRC law by the Company and its subsidiaries


  “GAC FCA”         GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co., Ltd. (廣汽菲亞特克萊斯勒汽車有限公司)
                    (formerly known as GAC FIAT Automobiles Co., Ltd. (廣汽菲亞特汽車有限
                    公司)), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in March 2010 under PRC law
                    by the Company and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (Fiat Chrysler Automobiles
                    merged with the former Groupe PSA to form Stellantis Group in January 2021)


  “GAC Finance”     Guangzhou Automobile Group Finance Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團財務有限公
                    司), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in January 2017 under PRC law
                    by the Company


  “GAC Hino”        GAC Hino Motors Co., Ltd. (廣汽日野汽車有限公司), a jointly controlled entity
                    incorporated in November 2007 under PRC law by the Company and Hino
                    Motors, Ltd.


  “GAC Honda”       GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田汽車有限公司) (formerly known
                    as Guangzhou Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣州本田汽車有限公司)), a jointly
                    controlled entity incorporated in May 1998 under PRC law by the Company,
                    Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China) Investment Co., Ltd.




336
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2021




                                                                         DEFINITIONS



“GAC Mitsubishi”      GAC Mitsubishi Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽三菱汽車有限公司), a jointly controlled
                      entity incorporated in September 2012 under PRC law by the Company,
                      Mitsubishi Motors Corporation and Mitsubishi Corporation


“GAC Bus”             Guangzhou Automobile Group Autobus Co., Ltd (廣州汽車集團客車有限公
                      司) (formerly known as Guangzhou Denway Bus Co., Ltd (廣州駿威客車有
                      限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated by the Company and its
                      subsidiaries on January 1993 under PRC law


“GAC-SOFINCO”         GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd. (廣汽滙理汽車金融有限公司),
                      a jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 2010 under PRC law by the
                      Company and Société de Financement Industriel et Commercial (SOFINCO)


“GAC Toyota”          GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田汽車有限公司) (formerly known
                      as Guangzhou Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣州豐田汽車有限公司)), a jointly
                      controlled entity incorporated in September 2004 under PRC law by the
                      Company, Toyota Motor Company and Toyota Motor (China) Investment
                      Co., Ltd.


“GAC Toyota Engine”   GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田發動機有限公司), an associated
                      company incorporated in February 2004 under PRC law by the Company and
                      Toyota Motor Company, and the Company holds 30% of its equity interests


“GAEI”                Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Automotive Engineering Institute, a
                      branch company of the Company established in June 2006 for the purpose
                      of conducting research and development of the products and technology in
                      which the Company has proprietary rights


“GAIG”                Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車工業集團有限公
                      司), a state-owned enterprise incorporated in October 2000 under PRC law
                      and the controlling shareholder of the Company


“GAMC”                GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽乘用車有限公司) (formerly known as Guangzhou
                      Automobile Group Motor Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團乘用車有限公司)), a wholly-
                      owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in July 2008 under PRC law




                                                                                                    337
  DEFINITIONS



  “GAMC (Hangzhou)”                its predecessor was GAC Gonow Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣汽吉奧汽車有限
                                   公司), a subsidiary incorporated in December 2010 under PRC Law by the
                                   Company and Gonow Auto Co., Ltd., in which the Company holds 51%
                                   equity interests. In March 2016, GAMC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                   Company acquired the remaining 49% equity interests and renamed the
                                   entity as Guangzhou Automobile Group Motor (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. (廣州
                                   汽車集團乘用車(杭州)有限公司) in May 2016 which was renamed as GAMC
                                   (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. (廣汽乘用車(杭州)有限公司) in June 2019


  “Group” or “GAC Group”           the Company and its subsidiaries



  “HYCAN Automobile”               HYCAN Automobile Technology Co., Ltd. (合創汽車科技有限公司) (formerly
                                   known as GAC Nio New Energy Automobile Technology Co., Ltd. (廣汽蔚
                                   來新能源汽車科技有限公司)), a company jointly funded and established by
                                   the Company and Nio, Inc. in April 2018 under PRC law, in which 25% of
                                   its equity interests are jointly held by the Company and its subsidiaries after
                                   the completion of capital injection in January 2021


  “independent director”           has the same meaning as that of independent executive director


  “joint venture(s)” or “jointly   joint venture companies under direct or indirect joint control, and no
    controlled entity(ies)”        participating party has unilateral control power over the economic activities
                                   of such jointly controlled entity as a result of such direct or indirect joint control


  “Juwan Technology Research”      Guangzhou Juwan Technology Research Co., Ltd., an associated company
                                   incorporated in September 2020 under PRC law and jointly funded and
                                   established by the Company, GAC Capital, Guangzhou Juwan Investment
                                   Partnership (Limited Partnership) and other natural person shareholders, in
                                   which the Company and GAC Capital jointly hold 39% equity interests


  “Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on Stock Exchange as amended
                                   from time to time


  “Model Code”                     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                   out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules


  “MPV”                            multi-purpose passenger vehicle


338
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2021




                                                                              DEFINITIONS



“ON TIME”                 a mobile mobility platform established in April 2019 and launched by the
                          Company through Chenqi Technology Limited (including its subsidiaries)
                          established by China Lounge Investments and Tencent, and its controlling
                          company, and is indirectly held 35% by the Group


“PRC” or “China”          the People’s Republic of China


“RMB”                     Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“Securities Law”          the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China


“SFO”                     the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)


“Shanghai Hino”           Shanghai Hino Engine Co., Ltd. (上海日野發動機有限公司), an associated
                          company incorporated in Octobor 2003 under PRC law by the Company
                          and Hino Motors, Ltd., in which the Company holds 30% equity interests


“SSE”                     the Shanghai Stock Exchange


“SSE Listing Rules”       the Rules Governing the Listing of Shares on the SSE, as amended from
                          time to time


“Stock Exchange”          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“Supervisory Committee”   The supervisory committee of the Company


“SUV”                     sports utility vehicle


“Times GAC”               Times GAC Energy Battery System Co., Ltd. (時代廣汽動力電池有限公司), an
                          associated company jointly funded and established by the Company, GAC
                          AION and Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Ltd. in December 2018
                          under PRC law, in which the Company and GAC AION hold 49% equity
                          interests in total


“Tong Fang Logistics”     Tong Fang Global (Tianjin) Logistics Co., Limited (同方環球(天津)物流有限
                          公司), an associated company established by the Company, China First
                          Automobile Works Group and Toyota Motor Company in July 2007, in which
                          the Company holds 25% equity interests


                                                                                                         339
  DEFINITIONS



  “Urtrust Insurance”   Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd. (眾誠汽車保險股份有限公司), a subsidiary
                        incorporated in June 2011 under PRC law by the Company, and in which
                        the Company directly and indirectly holds a total of 53.55% equity interests


  “Wuyang-Honda”        Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (五羊－本田摩托(廣州)有限公
                        司), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in July 1992 under PRC law by
                        the Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China) Investment
                        Co., Ltd.




340
