                       H Share Stock Code: 2238
                     A Share Stock Code: 601238




  廣州汽車集團股份有限公司




2025 Annual Report
CONTENTS
 5     Chapter 1     Chairman’s Statement

 11    Chapter 2     Corporate Profile and Summary of Business

 21    Chapter 3     Management Discussion and Analysis

 52    Chapter 4     Corporate Governance

 106   Chapter 5     Report of the Directors

 114   Chapter 6     Environmental and Social Responsibility

 117   Chapter 7     Significant Events

 149   Chapter 8     Changes in Shares and Information on
                     Shareholders

 164   Chapter 9     Financial Statements

 316   Definitions
     IMPORTANT NOTICE
    1.   THE BOARD AND THE DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF
         THE COMPANY, WARRANT THE AUTHENTICITY, ACCURACY
         AND COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN
         THE ANNUAL REPORT. THERE ARE NO MISREPRESENTATIONS,
         MISLEADING STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN OR MATERIAL
         OMISSIONS FROM THE ANNUAL REPORT AND THEY SHALL
         ASSUME JOINT AND SEVERAL RESPONSIBILITIES.


    2.   ALL DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAVE ATTENDED THE
         MEETING OF THE BOARD.


    3.   KPMG ISSUED AN UNQUALIFIED AUDITOR’S REPORT FOR THE
         COMPANY.


    4.   FENG XINGYA, THE PERSON IN CHARGE OF THE COMPANY,
         WANG DAN, THE PERSON IN CHARGE OF ACCOUNTING
         FUNCTION AND DONG YAMIN, THE MANAGER OF THE
         ACCOUNTING DEPARTMENT (ACCOUNTING CHIEF) ,
         REPRESENT THAT THEY WARRANT THE TRUTHFULNESS,
         ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF THE FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT.


    5.   THE PROPOSAL FOR PROFIT DISTRIBUTION OR
         CONVERSION OF CAPITAL RESERVE INTO SHARES FOR
         THE REPORTING PERIOD AS RESOLVED BY THE BOARD
         After audit, the Group's net loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for 2025
         amounted to RMB8.784 billion. In accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and the Company’s
         Dividend Distribution Plans for Shareholders (2024-2026), due to the net loss incurred for the year
         and to ensure the Company’s normal production and operation, to better safeguard the long-term
         interests of all Shareholders, as well as to comprehensively consider the Company’s long-term
         development and short-term operational needs, it is proposed that no profit distribution would be
         implemented for the year, nor would there be any transfer from capital surplus to paid-in capital or
         any other forms of distribution.




2
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                  IMPORTANT NOTICE



6.   RISKS RELATING TO FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
     The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report regarding the Company’s
     future plans and development strategies do not constitute any substantive commitment to
     investors by the Company and investors are reminded of investment risks.



7.   NO APPROPRIATION OF FUNDS OF THE COMPANY BY THE
     CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER OR ITS RELATED PARTIES FOR
     NON-OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES


8.   THERE ARE NO GUARANTEES GRANTED TO EXTERNAL
     PARTIES BY THE COMPANY IN VIOLATION OF THE
     PRESCRIBED DECISION-MAKING PROCEDURES




                                                                                                               3
    CHAIRMAN’S
    STATEMENT




4
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




  Chapter 1

 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
                                           Dear shareholders,

                                           202 5 i s a year of prof ound tran s formation of the
                                           automobile industr y and accelerated restruc turing
                                           of the competitive landscape. It is also a pivotal year
                                           for GAC Group as it initiates systematic and profound
                                           reforms at the historical intersection of the end of the
                                           “14th Five-Year Plan” and the start of the “15th Five-
                                           Year Plan”. In face of unprecedented severe challenges,
                                           we advanced strategic transformation in a “wartime
                                           footing”, and focused on “stabilizing joint ventures,
                                           fortifying independence, and expanding the ecosystem”.
                                             We were fully committed to fighting the three critical
                                             campaigns of “user demands, product value and
                                              ser vice experience”. We pressed for ward under
                                               pre s sure amid s t challenge s , and accumulate d
                                                momentum through transformation, laying a solid
                                                 foundation for navigating the industry cycle and
                                                  rebuilding a new GAC.




        Feng Xingya Chairman



Resolutely advancing management reforms to reshape organizational efficiency. With self-rectifying
determination, we promoted the transition from strategic control towards operational control to establish
an operation-oriented headquarters that can “hear the artillery”. The Group has implemented an integrated
reform by setting up a shared service center for its self-developed brands, and has connected the entire
value chain from research and development (“R&D”), production, and supply chain to sales and services,
thereby achieving an integrated operational control over R&D, production, supply, sales and finance. At
the R&D and procurement end, we have achieved systematic cost reduction and shared technologies
through platform-based planning, large-scale centralized procurement, and specification convergence. At
the operations end, we have enhanced overall response efficiency and resource utilization through process
integration and data synergy. We fully introduced the DSTE (develop strategy to execution), IPD (integrated




                                                                                                                    5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    product development), and IPMS (integrated product marketing and sales) systems to restructure business
    processes. This enabled us to build an end-to-end management system from user insights to product
    delivery, and create a more process-oriented organization that understands users better, responds faster,
    and possesses stronger technology, to significantly improve planning and decision-making efficiency. We
    have initiated pilot programs for the BU (business unit) organizational model, establishing the Trumpchi
    BU and Hyptec AION BU to create “frontline operational units” that face up to the market, with clear rights
    and responsibilities and rapid response. Concurrently, we deepened reforms in cadre and personnel system
    and the three institutional frameworks, and established a rigid appraisal and exit mechanism centered on
    operational results, promoting recruitment in a market-oriented manner and on a competitive basis. We
    completed the global recruitment of a new team of professional managers, fully stimulating organisational
    vigour and fostering a striver culture.


    Making every effort to tackle challenges in core technologies and sharpening our technological
    strengths. Focusing on the key arenas of electrification and intelligentisation, we have strengthened our
    high level of technological self-reliance. Throughout the year, over RMB7.119 billion was invested in R&D, with
    the Group recording over 3,000 new patent applications. The accumulative number of patent applications
    exceeded 24,000 by the end of 2025. In the field of electrification, we introduced the industry-leading
    “ADiMOTION” technology, achieving core breakthroughs in areas such as high efficiency energy conservation,
    powerful acceleration, and refined acoustic comfort for extended-range vehicles, which was recognized
    as one of the “Top Ten Range Extension Systems in the World” by the Carbingo Academy (汽車評價研究院)
    and launched Hyptec HL and AION i60 equipped with the technology. In the field of intelligentisation, the
    Group unveiled its smart technology brand, ADiGO, and the “X-soul Safety Protection System”, establishing
    a full-chain safety assurance for intelligent travel. The new generation multimodal interactive system, ADiGO
    6.0, has been featured in several models for mass production. We also launched large-scale terminal-cloud
    integrated models to enhance the AI smart cockpit interactive experience. Through regular OTA upgrades
    for whole vehicles, with a total of 68 updates throughout the year, we have added and optimized over
    700 functions to continue to improve user experience. Accelerating the commercialization of autonomous
    driving technology, the Group obtained the L3 autonomous vehicle testing permit for specific scenarios in
    Guangzhou, becoming one of the first automobile enterprises in the country to be granted the L3 test license
    with a maximum speed of 120 km/h. The next-generation Robotaxi, co-developed with DIDI Autonomous
    Driving, has been officially delivered.




6
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Actively building an open ecosystem to integrate the development momentum. We will
continue to expand our “industrial network”, and deepen a new round of strategic cooperation with
core partners such as Huawei, CATL and Tencent to enhance our comprehensive competitiveness in
areas including intelligentisation, electrification and digitalization, achieving win-win development. The
development of the first model, the GT7, under the high-end intelligent electric vehicle brand “AISTALAND”
(啟境) co-developed with Huawei, is progressing smoothly, and is scheduled for launch in mid-2026. We have
deepened cooperation in the battery swapping sector with CATL, becoming the first Choco-Swapping full
ecological cooperative automobile enterprise. Together with CATL and JD, we launched the “People’s Choice
Car”, AION UT super, fully leveraging the respective strengths and integrating high-quality resources of all
three parties. We have taken the lead in implementing the production of locally manufactured automobile
chips, and have initiated the “Automobile Chip Application Ecosystem Co-construction Plan”. In collaboration
with upstream and downstream industry chains, we have jointly developed dozens of automobile-grade
chips, and have successfully produced the benchmark in intelligent new energy vehicle (“NEV”) models, the
Hyptec GT Climbing Edition (昊鉑GT攀登版), which features a 100% domestically produced chipset design.
This marks a significant milestone in the development of the independent controllability within China’s
automobile industrial chain.


Accelerating global layout to create new growth pole. Adhering to the principles of “quality globalization,
technology globalization, service globalization, and ecosystem globalization”, we have unveiled the ONE GAC
2.0 strategy to accelerate localized operations in global markets and open a new chapter of globalization from
product exports to system exports. In 2025, self-developed brands achieved overseas terminal sales volume
of approximately 125,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 48%. Our business
has expanded to 87 countries and regions around the world, supported by 630 sales and service outlets.
Additionally, we have deployed five overseas KD factories, preliminarily establishing a global production,
sales, and service network system.


At present, the industrial changes are becoming increasingly clear, characterized by “the four overlapping
periods” of profound transformation, rapid technological iteration, shifts in competitive landscape, and
restructuring of management processes. Opportunities and challenges coexist. Faced with the pressures
of intensifying external competition and the pains of internal transformation, we have adopted the DSTE
strategic management methodology to formulate the Group’s “15th Five-Year Plan” development plan.
We are advancing the vertical integration of processes from strategic planning to operational execution,
to ensure that all efforts are focused on achieving a breakthrough. 2026 marks the beginning of the “15th
Five-Year Plan” and is a pivotal year that bridges the past and the future in the three-year “Panyu Action”.
We will vigorously advance transformative breakthroughs, sparing no effort to reverse passive operational
situation and achieve recovery in performance.




                                                                                                                      7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    Advancing the strategy of “stabilizing joint ventures, fortifying independence, and expanding
    the ecosystem” to solidify the foundation for development. In terms of stabilizing joint ventures,
    GAC Toyota continues to promote the principle of “collaborative intelligence and advancement of fuel-
    powered and electric vehicles” to consolidate the foundation of fuel-engined vehicles. Additionally, it
    further enhances the strengths of its new energy products with new models such as the bZ7. GAC Honda
    is accelerating the transformation towards intelligentisation and electrification, deepening localised R&D
    and swiftly addressing gaps in new energy and intelligent development to reshape user engagement and
    growth momentum. In terms of fortifying independence, the focus is on the “three critical campaigns”,
    continuously enhancing the competitiveness of the self-developed brand systems. This involves clarifying the
    differentiated positioning of each brand, sharpening brand labels, and optimizing product portfolio strategies.
    Resources are concentrated on developing key models while further expanding the new “rechargeable and
    replaceable” product category. A dimensional product matrix covering mainstream, high-end, and emerging
    segments is being built to ensure the successful launch of new products such as the AISTALAND series,
    Hyptec A800, and AION N60, thereby increasing its market share. In terms of expanding the ecosystem,
    we will promote deep synergy and mutual empowerment amongst ecosystem enterprises and automobile
    business, striving to facilitate smooth internal and external “dual circulation”, and empowering user-driven
    operations, channel penetration, and export of complete vehicles. Through a model of “outbound capability
    and neutral development”, we will foster the growth of the eco-friendly company into a profit engine with
    independent profitability.


    Winning the three critical campaigns of “user demands, product value, and service experience”
    to reshape core competitiveness. To win the campaign for user demands by reshaping the user insight
    system and process capabilities centered on user perception, building a scientific insight system, and
    engaging directly with users at the frontline, we will accurately capture changing consumer demand
    trends, and continuously improve accuracy of product definition and alignment with selling points. To win
    the campaign for product value, we will leverage IPD transformations to establish a user-demand-oriented
    product development system. With commercial success as our goal, we will strengthen core technological
    advantages, reshape core competitiveness of our products, and create differentiated competitive edges to
    leapfrog the competition. To win the campaign for service experience, we will comprehensively deepen the
    IPMS transformation, drive the transition to new retail marketing through NPS (Net Promoter Score), and
    enhance channel sales capabilities and profitability. Through establishing a “diversified and highly efficient”
    channel model, we will implement a lightweight agency model, and accelerate expansion to lower-tier
    markets. By the first half of 2026, 600 GAC Comprehensive Sales and Services Centers will be established,
    thereby comprehensively improving user experience throughout the entire life cycle.




8
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                                                CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Breaking through barriers in the three main initiatives of “overseas expansion, cost control, and
a digital-intelligent GAC” to unlock new growth potential. We have mobilized the entire Group’s
strengths to support the development of international business, consolidated the global expansion systems
and capabilities, and striven to achieve the target of 250,000 units in overseas sales volume in 2026. Focusing
on the A0 and A-class mainstream markets, we have optimized the product matrix, and concentrated
resources on creating high-volume product categories. Through the implementation of the “thousand
network plan”, we have expanded our network scale, optimized channel structure, and enhanced operational
quality and efficiency. We will create smart mobility solutions featuring “specialized product development
+ full-chain ecological empowerment” to rapidly penetrate the overseas business-end market. We will
implement comprehensive and rigorous cost control, establish a systematic cost control system, deepen
closed-loop management of comprehensive budgeting, and strengthen the revenue management of
automobile models throughout the entire life cycle. We will build sustainable cost advantages without
compromising user-perceived value or product quality, striving to achieve the target of a 15% reduction in
external procurement costs for the year. Driven by the “AI+” strategy, we will systematically build a digital-
intelligent GAC, promote full integration of AI technologies into various fields such as automobile products,
organizational management, technology R&D, user service, and ecological synergy, to comprehensively
enhance product and operational competitiveness.


2026 marks the beginning of the “15th Five-Year Plan” and stands as a critical year for breaking through
barriers and achieving a decisive turnaround. With the determination of a “wartime footing”, the courage
to “turn the blade inward”, and the passion of a “second entrepreneurship”, we will resolutely win every
tough campaign, strive to reinvent GAC, accelerate our journey toward becoming a world-class technology
enterprise, and write a new chapter of high-quality development!




                                                                                                                       9
     Chapter 2

           CORPORATE
           PROFILE AND
           SUMMARY OF
           BUSINESS




10
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025




     Chapter 2

 CORPORATE PROFILE AND
 SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
I.    CORPORATE INFORMATION
      Chinese name of the Company                      廣州汽車集團股份有限公司
      Chinese abbreviation                             廣汽集團
      English name of the Company                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
      English abbreviation                             GAC Group
      Legal representative                             Feng Xingya



II.   CONTACT PERSON AND CONTACT METHOD
                                                       Company Secretary/Secretary to the Board
      Name                                             Liu Xiangneng
      Address                                          No. 668 Jinshan Road East, Panyu District,
                                                        Guangzhou
      Telephone                                        020-83151139
      E-mail                                           ir@gac.com.cn



III. BASIC INFORMATION
      Registered address of the Company                23/F, Chengyue Building, 448-458 Dong Feng
                                                        Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
      Office address of the Company                    No. 668 Jinshan Road East, Panyu District,
                                                        Guangzhou
      Postal code of the Company’s office address      511434
      Head office and principal place of business in   Room 808, Citicorp Centre, 18 Whitfield Road,
       Hong Kong                                        Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
      Company’s website                                www.gac.com.cn
      E-mail                                           ir@gac.com.cn
      Investor hotline                                 020-83151139 Ext.3



IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND PLACE OF INSPECTION
      Names of the media for annual report             China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
       disclosure of the Company                        Securities Times and Securities Daily
      Website of the SSE for annual report             www.sse.com.cn
       disclosure of the Company
      Website of the Stock Exchange for                www.hkexnews.hk
       annual report disclosure of the Company
      Place of inspection of the annual report         No. 668 Jinshan Road East, Panyu District,
       of the Company                                   Guangzhou




                                                                                                                   11
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



     V. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY’S SHARES
                                 Stock exchange of               Stock
        Class of shares          listing shares                  abbreviation          Stock code



        A shares                 SSE                             GAC GROUP             601238
        H shares                 Stock Exchange                  GAC GROUP             02238



     VI. OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION
        Auditors          Name                    ShineWing Certified Public Accountants
         (domestic)       Business address        8/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion, No.8, Chaoyangmen
                                                     Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing
                          Name of signatory       Ou Jinguang, Luo Xiaming
                           accountants


        Auditors          Name                    KPMG
         (overseas)                               Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance
                                                     with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council
                                                     Ordinance
                          Business address        8th Floor, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road, Central,
                                                     Hong Kong
                          Name of engagement      Lam Kai Wa (林啟華)
                           partner


        H share           Name                    Tricor Investor Services Limited
         registrar of     Address of the          17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
         the Company       registrar                 Kong




12
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




           CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



VII. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
   The existing principal businesses of the Group consist of research and development, manufacture
   of vehicles (vehicles and motorcycles), parts and components, commercial and mobility
   transportation services, energy and ecosystem, internationalisation as well as investment and
   finance, which form a complete closed-loop industry chain.



   1.   Research and development
        With IPD process transformation at its core, the Company has built a large-scale R&D system
        and formed a “market + technology” dual-driven product development model. An end-to-end
        development process of “insight – demand – development – delivery” has been created to
        strengthen its systematic innovation capabilities.



   2.   Vehicles
        (1)   Passenger vehicles
              It is mainly conducted through
              subsidiaries, including GAC
              Trumpchi and GAC AION, and
              joint ventures, including GAC
              Honda and GAC Toyota. During
              the reporting period, the Group
              launched new, upgraded or
              facelifted vehicle models such as
              GAC Trumpchi M8 QianKun, S7
              and S9, GAC AION UT and AION
              i60, GAC Hyptec HL, GAC Toyota
              bZ3X and GAC Honda P7, etc.




                                                                                                             13
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



              ➢       Products: The Group’s passenger vehicle products include 12 series of sedans, 25
                      series of SUV and 6 series of MPV.


              The Group’s products mainly comprise:




           Trumpchi M8   Trumpchi M6    Trumpchi E8   Trumpchi GS8 Trumpchi GS3       Trumpchi S9    Trumpchi S7




           AION S Plus    AION Y Plus    AION RT        AION UT     Second-generation AION LX Plus    AION i60
                                                                         AION V




           Hyptec SSR     Hyptec GT      Hyptec HT     Hyptec HL




             Accord         Integra       Breeze        Avancier        Odyssey          e:NP2           P7




             Camry           Levin      Highlander     Wildlander     Frontlander       Sienna          bZ 3X

                      The commercial vehicles are mainly manufactured by the subsidiary, GAC
                      Commercial Vehicle, with the main products being fuel-powered heavy-duty
                      trucks, new energy heavy-duty trucks, new energy light-duty trucks, new energy
                      buses, pickup trucks, etc.


              ➢       Sales channel: The Group continues to deepen its digital marketing system,
                      and promotes innovative marketing collaborations with platforms such as JD, to
                      continuously optimize the online automobile purchasing and service experience.
                      The Group conducts automobile sales through sales outlets and online channels.
                      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company, together with its joint
                      ventures and associated enterprises, had over 2,100 4S sales outlets across 31
                      provinces, counties, autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC. Overseas
                      sales outlets of self-developed brands amounted to 630, with its sales and service
                      operations covering 87 countries and regions.


14
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



     (2)   Motorcycles
           The Group manufactures motorcycles through its joint venture Wuyang Honda.
           Main products include standard motorcycles, sport bikes, scooters, electric bicycles
           and electric motorcycles, etc. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total
           production capacity of motorcycles was 1.25 million units/year.



3.   Parts and components
     The Group’s production of parts and components
     of vehicles was mainly carried out through the
     subsidiaries, jointly controlled and investee companies
     of GAC Component, a subsidiary of the Company,
     and Ruipai Power and Lisheng Technology, being
     subsidiaries held by the Group, as well as GAC Toyota
     Engine, etc., the Group’s associated companies.
     The parts and components of vehicles include
     engines, gearboxes, car seats, micro motors, shifter,
     electric drive, electric controller, interior and exterior
     decorations, etc. The products were mainly accessories
     for manufacture of vehicles of the Group.



4.   Commercial and mobility transportation
     The Group carried on businesses in vehicle sales,
     logistics, international trading, second-hand vehicles,
     supporting services, mobility transportation, etc.,
     mainly through its subsidiaries, GAC Business (as well
     as its subsidiaries and investee companies) and Da
     Sheng Technology, and its investee company ON TIME,
     etc. in the upstream and downstream automobile
     industry chains.




                                                                                                             15
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



       5.   Energy ecosystem
            The Group constructed a vertically integrated new
            energy industry chain of “lithium mine + production
            of basic lithium battery raw material + battery
            production + energy storage, and battery charging
            and swap service + battery leasing + battery recycling
            and gradient utilisation” through establishing
            UPOWER Energy, GAC Energy, IMPOW Battery, CATL
            GAC, and other companies. In response to the trend
            of new energy development, the Group has actively
            expanded energy ecological businesses to build an
            integrated energy ecosystem, achieving leapfrog
            development in energy ecosystem.



       6.   Internationalisation
            The Group established GAC International to be
            responsible for the overseas market operations
            and sales services of its self-developed brands,
            and promoting the implementation of various
            internationalisation measures such as medium and
            long-term overseas product planning, overseas factory
            construction planning and overseas channel operation
            planning.




16
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




           CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



    7.   Investment and finance
         The Group mainly carried on automobile
         credit, insurance, insurance brokerage,
         financial investment, finance lease, and
         other related businesses through its
         subsidiaries, namely Urtrust Insurance,
         GAC Finance Company, GAC Capital,
         China Lounge Investments, and joint
         ventures, namely GAC-SOFINCO and
         GAC-SOFINCO Leasing, etc.




VIII. A N A L Y S I S O N C O R E C O M P E T I T I V E N E S S D U R I N G T H E
      REPORTING PERIOD

    1.   Industry layout with complete and efficient industry chain and
         scientific and rational structure
         The Group has formed an industrial strategic layout based in South China and radiating
         across the country, centering upon manufacture of whole vehicles, and its business covers
         seven segments including R&D, manufacture of vehicles, parts and components, commercial
         and mobility transportation services, energy ecosystem, internationalisation, and investment
         and finance. The Group is one of the automobile groups in the PRC with the most integrated
         industry chains and the most comprehensive industry layout.




                                                                                                               17
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



       2.   Advanced manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality and procedural
            management
            The Group has comprehensive advantages in terms of manufacturing, craftsmanship,
            quality and procedural management which mainly include: (1) international leading quality
            advantage; (2) innovative advantage brought by “continuous improvement”; and (3) cost
            advantage originating from persistent refinement. By virtue of its strengths, such as flexible
            production of steel and aluminum bodies, digital autonomous decision-making, interactive
            customisation, and comprehensive energy utilization, GAC AION’s Smart Eco-Factory has
            been awarded the title of “Lighthouse Factory” by World Economic Forum (WEF), which
            represents the highest global benchmark for intelligent and digital manufacturing.



       3.   Continued enrichment of product line and optimisation of product
            structure
            The Group has a full range of products including sedans, SUVs and MPVs, maintaining the
            market competitiveness of its products through continuous R&D, introduction of new vehicle
            models and product iterations, so as to adapt to changes in consumer demand, guarantee
            customer loyalty and a widely recognised brand reputation. During the Reporting Period,
            the Group launched new, upgraded and facelifted vehicle models such as GAC Trumpchi M8
            QianKun, S7 and S9, GAC AION UT and i60, GAC Hyptec HL, GAC Toyota bZ3X and GAC Honda
            P7, etc.



       4.   Initiated the “GAC production model” for the R&D and production
            system of self-developed brands
            After years of introduction, digestion, absorption and innovation, the Group has accumulated
            funds, technologies, talents and experience, and formulated a world-class production system.
            For R&D, through the integration of advantageous global resources and the establishment
            of a global R&D network, the Group has formed a cross-platform and modular-structured
            forward development system, possessing the advantage of integrated innovation. The
            Group also owns the State-Certified Enterprise Technology Center, the overseas high-
            level talent innovation and entrepreneurship base, the national demonstration base for
            talent introduction, academician workstation, postdoctoral research workstation and other
            innovation platforms. GAC’s powertrain independent R&D team was previously awarded
            the title of the “National Outstanding Engineering Team”. During the reporting period, with
            IPD process transformation at its core, the Group has rebuilt a large-scale R&D system and
            formed a “market + technology” dual-driven product development model. An end-to-end
            development process of “insight – demand – development – delivery” has been created to
            further strengthen its systematic innovation capabilities.




18
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



5.   Leading independent R&D capabilities in new energy and
     intelligent connected vehicle (“ICV”)
     In the field of new energy, the Group possesses a cutting-edge exclusive platform for NEVs.
     The Group deeply engaged in independent R&D as well as industrial application of power
     batteries, battery cells and electric drives, and self-developed power battery technologies
     such as the sponge silicon anode battery technology and the magazine battery system safety
     technology, as well as electric drive technologies such as the deeply integrated “three-in-one”
     electric drive system, twelve-in-one integrated electric drive system with integrated charging
     and power transmission functions, and supercars’ dual-motor two-gear integrated electric
     drive technologies. This led to the creation of the “AION” series and the “Hyptec” series, which
     are NEV product systems. The Group has also successfully introduced a variety of new energy
     products to its joint ventures. In the field of energy conservation powertrain, the Group
     independently developed industry-leading hybrid system technologies such as the fourth-
     generation engine system, the GMC 3.0 mechatronic coupling system, and high-efficiency
     range extenders adopting platform-based modular designs, which can be assembled into
     a powertrain system suitable for all types of hybrid models such as HEV, PHEV and REEV.
     In the field of ICV, the Group has self-developed and mass-produced the first “centralised
     computing + regional connectivity” electronic and electrical architecture “X-soul”, achieving
     scenario coverage from L2 to L4. The Group has led the development of the ADiGO 6.0
     interactive system, which is based on consumer-grade electronic experience, as well as
     a large-scale terminal-cloud integrated model for the smart cockpit, thereby enhancing
     interactive experiences of AI smart cockpit. This achievement obtained the industry’s first
     A+ class smart cockpit certification. During the reporting period, the Group launched its
     smart technology brand, ADiGO, and the GAC GSD combined driving assistance system
     with a “generative AI-based end-to-end architecture”. It also unveiled the “GAC X-soul Safety
     Protection System” for the first time. Accelerating the commercialization of autonomous
     driving technology, the Group obtained the L3 autonomous vehicle testing permit for specific
     scenarios in Guangzhou, becoming one of the first automobile enterprises in the country
     to be granted the L3 test license with a maximum speed of 120 km/h. The self-developed
     Shenxing data simulation platform (神行數據仿真平台) obtained the industry’s first A+ class AI
     intelligent driving simulation toolchain product certification issued by CAERI Kairui Testing &
     Certification (Chongqing) Co., Ltd. (中汽院凱瑞檢測認證(重慶)有限公司). The Group launched the
     “ADiMOTION” platform technology, with industry-leading performance in multiple metrics
     such as oil-to-electricity conversion efficiency, continuous power output, and quiet operation,
     and was recognized as one of the “Top Ten Range Extension Systems in the World” by the
     Carbingo Academy. Additionally, the Group introduced the Quark Electric Drive 2.0, which
     became the first mass-produced system to incorporate amorphous-carbon fiber technology,
     leading the industry in multiple key indicators. It was recognized in various premium awards,
     including the “Top Ten Electric Drive Systems” by the Automotive Research Evaluation
     Institute and the “Global New Energy Vehicle Innovative Technology” by the World New
     Energy Vehicle Conference.


                                                                                                             19
     Chapter 3
          MANAGEMENT
           DISCUSSION
          AND ANALYSIS




20
                                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




     Chapter 3

    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
    AND ANALYSIS
I.    ANALYSIS ON INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT1
      In 2025, China’s automobile industry withstood external pressures such as trade protectionism
      and global industrial chain restructuring, achieving production and sales volumes of 34,531
      thousand units and 34,400 thousand units, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.4% and 9.4%
      respectively. The automobile production and sales volumes maintained a scale of more than 30,000
      thousand units for three consecutive years, and ranked first in the world for 17 consecutive years.
      Among them, domestic automobiles sales volume stood at 27,302 thousand units, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 6.7%; automobile exports came to 7,098 thousand units, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 21.1%.


      In 2025, the production and sales volume of passenger vehicles reached 30,270 thousand units
      and 30,103 thousand units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.2% and 9.2%
      respectively. Among them, sales volume for the passenger vehicles of Chinese brands reached
      20,936 thousand units, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.5%, which accounted for nearly
      70% of the total sales volume of passenger vehicles, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.3
      percentage points.

                                              Changes in the Market Share of
                %
                80
                                           Passenger Vehicles of Chinese Brands

                70


                60


                50


                40


                30
                     January   February   March   April     May   June     July   August September October November December

                                                          2023      2024          2025


      In 2025, China’s commercial vehicle market demonstrated positive recovery and structural growth.
      The annual production and sales volume of commercial vehicles reached 4,261 thousand units
      and 4,296 thousand units, respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 12% and 10.9%
      respectively.




1     Data sourced from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
                                                                                                                                          21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



           In 2025, under the influence of the combined factors including favorable policies, abundant supply
           and continuous improvement of infrastructure, new energy vehicles sustained the momentum of
           rapid growth. The annual production and sales volume of NEVs reached 16,626 thousand and 16,490
           thousand units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 29% and 28.2% respectively,
           with China’s NEVs ranking first in the world for 11 consecutive years. The sales volume of NEVs
           accounted for 47.9% of the total sales volume of new vehicles, representing a year-on-year increase
           of 7 percentage points. Among them, domestic sales volume of NEVs accounted for over 50% of
           domestic sales volume of automobiles.

                                        Changes in the Sales Volume Proportion of NEVs
                     %
                     60


                     50


                     40


                     30


                     20


                     10


                      0
                          January   February   March   April     May   June     July   August September October November December

                                                               2023      2024          2025



     II.   ANALYSIS ON OPERATION OF THE COMPANY
           In 2025, in the face of the systematic challenges arising from multi-dimensional restructuring in
           the industrial ecosystem, demand structures, and market competition, the Group’s production and
           operations remained under pressure. The annual production and sales volume of vehicles amounted
           to 1,744.4 thousand units and 1,721.5 thousand units, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.98%
           and 14.06%. However, through proactive efforts to drive reform and transformation, the Group
           achieved quarter-to-quarter positive growth for three consecutive quarters since the second
           quarter of 2025. Among them, the sales volume of NEVs was 433.6 thousand units, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of 4.64% and accounting for approximately 25.19% of the Group’s total sales
           volume, representing an increase of approximately 2.5 percentage points compared to last year,
           whereas that of energy-efficient vehicles amounted to 454.6 thousand units, representing a year-
           on-year increase of 0.84%. During the reporting period, the proportion of the Group’s sales volume
           generated from energy-efficient vehicles and NEVs increased to 51.60%, representing an increase of
           approximately 6 percentage points compared to last year.




22
                                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                     GAC Group's Sales Volume of Vehicle for 2025
     (0'000 units)
               20
               18
               16
               14
               12
               10
                8
                6
                4
                2
                0
                     January   February   March   April   May   June   July   August September October November December



1.   Self-developed brands drove reform and transformation
     Self-developed brands advanced an integrated reform by setting up a shared service
     center. The Group implemented IPD and IPMS reforms, thereby establishing product
     commercialization teams and product development process driven by user demand. The
     Group advanced pilot BU structures by setting up the AION Hyptec BU and the Trumpchi BU,
     fully introducing the NPS indicator management and appraisal system to strive to improve
     the user experience. Furthermore, the Group promoted innovative marketing collaboration
     with the JD platform, facilitating multi-brand integration and streamlining operations to
     advance channel penetration.


     Self-developed brands will accelerate product renewal and upgrade. Driven by both “self-
     development + open cooperation”, GAC Trumpchi launched three premium models,
     including S7, M8 Qiankun, and S9. It established intelligent new energy producst matrix for
     the “Xiangwang Series” (嚮往系列), covering SUVs and MPVs, and accelerated the Trumpchi
     brand’s comprehensive transition towards electrification and intelligentisation. The AION
     Hyptec brand continued to consolidate its leadership in pure-electric technology, through
     new vehicle models such as the AION UT, AION i60, and Hyptec HL, as well as facelifted
     vehicle models such as the AION V home and AION UT super, and expanded the layout of
     its extended-range technology, to achieve the synergistic development of a “pure-electric
     + extended-range” dual-technology route, thereby creating a dynamic matrix that caters to
     diverse mobility scenarios. Spurred by these new products, GAC AION achieved month-on-
     month positive growth in sales volume for 7 consecutive months since June 2025.




                                                                                                                                   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                    Trumpchi S7                                                   Trumpchi S9                                 Trumpchi M8 QianKun
     Launched in March 2025, Trumpchi S7 is                           Officially launched in September 2025, Trumpchi       Launched in May 2025, Trumpchi M8 QianKun
     positioned as a mid-to-large sized intelligent                   S9 QianKun is positioned as a “intelligent            is the first product released under the joint
     SUV for elite families, with a length of 4,900mm,                flagship SUV for large families”. The entire series   innovation program of Trumpchi and Huawei.
     a height of 1,780mm, and a wheelbase of                          is equipped with driving assistance system            With a length of 5,251mm and a wheelbase of
     2,880mm. It is equipped with seats featuring                     of Huawei’s QianKun ADS4.0, a 192-line laser          3,070mm, it features dual zero-gravity seats in
     heating, ventilation and massaging functions                     radar and three 4D millimeter-wave radars,            both rows, providing a comfortable driving and
     and the maximum reclining angle of the                           and comes standard with the HarmonySpace              riding experience. It is equipped with Huawei’s
     second-row seats is 137 degrees. The entire                      5 HarmonyOS cockpit, supporting six-screen            QianKun ADS and HarmonyOS cockpit, and
     series comes standard with the Qualcomm                          collaboration and smart home connectivity.            is fitted with the world-leading 192-line laser
     8295P chip, a 27-inch high-definition HUD as                     In terms of power, it comes standard with a           radar and 4D millimeter-wave radar. It is
     well as a 17.3-inch 3K ceiling-mounted high-                     dual-motor four-wheel drive system, with a            powered by Trumpchi’s high thermal efficiency
     definition screen, and is equipped with a                        comprehensive power of 368kW. It is equipped          2.0TM engine and CATL’s Freevoy Super Hybrid
     combined driving assistance system. It is a                      with CATL’s 44.5kWh Freevoy Super Hybrid              battery, offering a WLTC combined range of
     plug-in hybrid/extended-range dual-mode                          battery, offering a CLTC pure electric range of       1,177km.
     vehicle that allows for seamless switching,                      252km or a combined range of over 1,200km,
     with a CLTC maximum range of 1,150 km under                      with support for 3C ultra-fast charging. The
     comprehensive operating conditions.                              vehicle also features an intelligent predictive
                                                                      magic carpet suspension and SDC continuous
                                                                      variable damping shock absorber.




                       Hyptec HL                                                      AION UT                                               AION i60
     Launched in April 2025, Hyptec HL is positioned as a neo-        Launched in February 2025, AION UT features           Launched in November 2025, AION i60 is
     luxury intelligent SUV for families, with a length of 5,126      a superior wheelbase of 2,750mm and a rear            positioned as a “national large five-seater
     mm, has a wheelbase of 3,088mm and is available in five-         lateral space of 1,385mm compared to its              SUV”, aimed at family users who seek cost-
     seater and 2+2+2 six-seater configurations. The exterior         counterparts. It is equipped with a 100kW             effectiveness and practicality. The vehicle offers
     adopts the design concept of a land yacht and is equipped        Quark motor and 215mm wide tires for a                both extended range and pure electric options.
     with mountain-sea horizon headlights, intelligent interactive    smoother driving experience. It is equipped           The extended range version of CLTC has a pure
     lighting and full-width taillights. The entire series is         with an AI intelligent cockpit and a 14.6-inch        electric range of 210km or a combined range
     equipped with standard configurations including the air          + 8.8-inch high-definition dual large screen.         of 1240km. Its 1.5L engine achieves an energy
     suspension and SDC intelligent variable damping shock
     absorber, Qualcomm Snapdragon 8295P chip, laser radar,           It is designed in accordance with the Sino-           conversion efficiency of 3.73kWh/L, with a
     and ADiGO Space 6.0 intelligent in-vehicle system. In terms      European double five-star vehicle body safety         fuel consumption of just 5.5 L/100km. Due to
     of power, it offers two power versions including pure electric   standards, and is fitted with safety configures       its 2,775mm wheelbase, the vehicle provides
     and extended range. The pure electric version has a CLTC         such as the new-generation magazine battery           a 1,040 mm rear legroom. The entire series
     maximum range of up to 750km, whereas the extended               and V-type side air curtains and reverse AEB.         comes standard with 28 off-road configurations,
     range version has a CLTC pure electric range of 350km and                                                              including ventilation and heating for both
     a CLTC combined range of 1,369km, which supports 800V 5C                                                               front seats, a heat pump air conditioning, a
     fast charging technology.                                                                                              540° panoramic video, and 6kW vehicle-to-
                                                                                                                            load discharging, with its core advantages such
                                                                                                                            as “spacious space, long range and high-end
                                                                                                                            configurations”.



24
                                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



2.   Joint venture brands accelerated the transformation towards
     intelligentisation and electrification
     In 2025, GAC Toyota achieved a sales volume of 756 thousand units, representing a year-on-
     year growth of 2.44%, among which the terminal sales volume of high-value models such as
     Camry and Sienna ranked among the forefront in the domestic market segment, achieving
     sales of approximately 470 thousand units of energy-efficient and NEV models throughout
     the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.27%, the proportion of which rose to
     62.2%. Through emphasizing localized self-development to accelerate its electrification
     transformation, the first pure-electric model led by the local R&D team, bZ3X, achieved
     an annual sales volume of over 80 thousand units, ranking first among joint-venture pure
     electric models, and became the first locally developed model to be included in Toyota’s
     global sales system. The bZ7 made its debut at the Guangzhou Auto Show and aroused
     attention and favorable reviews thereafter. Through implementing the “intelligentization
     for hybrid electric vehicles” strategy, the 2026 models of Camry, Highlander and Sienna are
     equipped with intelligent cockpits and the Toyota Pilot driving assistance systems, marking
     a step forward in intelligentization. GAC Honda has stepped up its local development efforts,
     to comprehensively advance high-quality localized intelligent solutions. In collaboration
     with partners such as Momenta, it enhanced the intelligence experience. GAC Honda
     efficiently restructured its supply chain in core areas including battery, powertrain and
     electric control systems, smart cockpits, and intelligent driving, thereby building a more
     resilient and dynamic local supply chain ecosystem. GAC Honda achieved month-on-month
     positive growth in sales volume for 5 consecutive months since August 2025. Wuyang Honda
     strengthened its technological and intelligent advantages, launching a total of 14 new
     products in 2025. With a diversified product portfolio, it solidified its competitiveness across
     segments. The sales volume reached approximately 640 thousand units throughout the year,
     including export of over 150 thousand units.




                  GAC Toyota bZ3X                                           GAC Honda P7
           Launched in March 2025, bZ3X is GAC Toyota’s           Launched in April 2025, GAC Honda P7 is forged
           first independently developed strategic model          based on Honda’s Yunchi smart and efficient pure
           in China, deeply integrating Chinese localised         electric W architecture, featuring high rigidity,
           solutions with global standards. It is equipped with   low center of gravity, and light weight. The newly
           laser radar, OrinX chips, and Momenta 5.0 driving      developed three-in-one high-power motor, offering
           assistance. The vehicle features a high-strength       both single-motor rear-wheel drive and dual-motor
           steel frame structure and incorporates nearly 100      four-wheel drive power options. Its 50:50 front-rear
           Toyota’s safety components to ensure the security      weight distribution enables exceptional driving
           of batteries, providing all-round protection for       control, providing users with new driving pleasure
           passengers. The standard configurations include        in the electric era. Additionally, P7 integrates the
           the 8155 chip, a 14.6-inch large screen, and four-     latest Honda SENSING 360+ driving assistance
           zone voice recognition, creating a comfortable         system and Honda CONNECT 4.0 intelligent
           and entertaining cabin space. bZ3X offers seven        connectivity.
           variants with three CLTC range options (430km,
           520km, and 610km).




                                                                                                                                              25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       3.   International business comprehensively deepened and accelerated
            The self-developed brands continued to accelerate their expansion into overseas markets,
            adding more than 280 new outlets throughout the year, and a total of 630 outlets have
            been established across 87 countries and regions. The overseas vehicle lineup has been
            continuously refined to enhance product adaptability, with 5 brand-new overseas models and
            4 mid-facelifted overseas models launched throughout the year. Anchored by the “ONE GAC
            2.0” strategic direction, the Group has focused on key markets such as Thailand, Brazil, and
            Europe, deepened its localized presence, accelerated localized operations in the European
            market, with the AION V already in mass production at the factory in Austria.


            Through deepened international business synergy, the Group promoted the global expansion
            of the ecosystem. GAC Business has accelerated the development of overseas warehousing
            and dealerships, automobile export trade, services for automobile export bases, international
            transportation, and overseas localized logistics. GAC Component has established a
            diversified overseas product matrix, including car seats, mould, gauge, springs, and smart
            seat components, with NEV parts and components, and self-developed patented products
            becoming new growth points for exports.



       4.   Industry ecosystems strengthened synergistic effects
            In the fields of parts and components, GAC Component has focused on strengthening and
            upgrading the industrial chain, driving breakthroughs in key systems, and components, and
            accelerating the deployment of modular integrated die-casting technology. Through market
            expansion both internally and externally, the Group achieved a breakthrough of initial supply
            of 15 products outside the system, resulting in a year-on-year increase of approximately 17%
            in revenue from outside the system.


            In the fields of commercial and mobility transportation services, GAC Business has focused
            on building its Sun+ Care brand to drive the strategic upgrade of its customer ecosystem
            operations. It has continued to optimize new media management to enhance the capability
            to attract customers. Throughout the year, vehicle sales reached approximately 146 thousand
            units, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 3.5%. ON TIME recorded over 200
            million completed orders in aggregate during the year, representing a year-on-year growth
            of 86%. In terms of Robotaxi’s commercialization, it achieved interconnected operations
            across three cities of “Guangzhou – Shenzhen – Hengqin”, completing a cumulative distance
            of nearly 6 million kilometres of safety trial operations.




26
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



In the fields of energy ecosystem, UPOWER Energy signed 24 solar-storage projects
throughout the year and successfully obtained the qualification for the sale of electricity from
the Guangdong Electricity Exchange Center, as well as qualifications for virtual power plant
operators from Guangdong Province and Guangzhou City. IMPOW battery steadily increased
production capacity and production line yield rate, with annual production and sales volume
of power batteries exceeding 150,000 sets. GAC Energy promoted the implementation of
the “ten thousand charging piles” initiative. It has cumulatively built and operated over
1,900 charging stations and over 23,000 charging terminals, ranking among the top in the
automobile industry in terms of the scale of charging terminals. It also established the
national largest V2G demonstration scenario, facilitating Guangzhou to successfully apply
to become one of the first batch of the pilot cities for national vehicle-to-grid large-scale
application.


In the fields of investment and finance, adhering to the strategic positioning of “supporting
the main businesses and empowering the main businesses”, the Group actively supported
the sales operations of the original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) through financial
services, promoting comprehensive and in-depth synergy of industry and finance. GAC-
SOFINCO increased its retail penetration rate to nearly 16% throughout the year, with over
250,000 retail contracts, significantly boosting the OEMs’ sales. GAC-SOFINCO Leasing actively
explored direct leasing and operational leasing models to facilitate the transformation and
optimization of its business structure. GAC Finance Company supported automobile sales
of approximately 500,000 units annually through inventory financing products and various
financial service policies. Urtrust Insurance achieved a year-on-year increase of 17.2% in
premium income for NEV insurance and launched an industry-leading intelligent driving
insurance solution to safeguard the development of new energy and intelligent vehicles. GAC
Capital focused on the “new four modernizations” of automobiles, completing investments
in 11 strategic placement projects throughout the year in areas such as chips, ICV, and power
batteries.


In the field of commercial vehicles, GAC Commercial Vehicle accelerated its transformation,
achieving annual sales of 4,321 units, representing a year-on-year increase of a threefold.
The newly developed pure electric tractor T9 was rolled off, marking a breakthrough in the
independent innovative sector for high-end new energy commercial vehicles.




                                                                                                        27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS BY THE BOARD ON OPERATION
          OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
        During the reporting period, the Group realised revenue of approximately RMB367.164 billion on an
        aggregated basis, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 8.59%.


        During the reporting period, the revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB96.542
        billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 10.43%. The net loss attributable
        to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately RMB8.784 billion, marking a
        turnaround from profit to loss in 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. The basic loss per
        Share amounted to approximately RMB0.85, representing a decrease of approximately 1,162.50%
        compared to the basic earnings per Share of RMB0.08 for the same period last year.


        The major factors accounting for the variation of results during the reporting period included:


        1.    In 2025, affected by factors such as intense competition in the automobile industry and the
              rapid restructuring of the industrial ecosystem, despite the Company’s continuous increase
              in automobile sales volume since the second quarter compared to the previous period, the
              annual automobile sales volume fell short of expectations. The Group achieved an annual
              sales volume of 1,721.5 thousand units, representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.06%, of
              which the annual sales volume of vehicles under our self-developed brands amounted
              to 609.2 thousand units, representing a year-on-year decrease of 22.83%. At the same
              time, in response to rapid market changes, the Company adjusted and increased its sales
              expenditures.


        2.    In 2025, due to factors such as sales volume and structural adjustments to new energy
              products of self-developed brands, the Company’s asset impairment provision of intangible
              assets and inventories increased compared to the same period last year. At the same time,
              GAC Honda accelerated the transition towards new energy models with the adjustment of
              their production lines and the optimisation of staff, which resulted in a further reduction in
              the Company’s investment income.




28
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(I)   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

                    Analysis of changes of items in the consolidated statement of
                         comprehensive income and the cash flow statement


                                                                  Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB


                                                                 Corresponding
                                                                         period              Change
      Item                                     Current period         last year                    (%)

      Revenue                                          965.42           1,077.84                -10.43
      Costs of sales                                  1,019.67          1,053.46                  -3.21
      Selling and distribution costs                     58.91             54.17                  8.75
      Administrative expenses                           53.86             58.34                  -7.68
      Finance costs                                      6.39               5.63                 13.50
      Interest income                                     4.11              5.84                -29.62
      Share of net profits of joint ventures
       and associates                                   24.85             29.98                   -17.11
      Net cash flow (used in)/generated
       from operating activities                       -161.99            82.99                -295.19
      Net cash flow used in investing
       activities                                       -25.22           -162.03                -84.43
      Net cash flow generated from
       financing activities                             60.51              48.18                 25.59




                                                                                                            29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          1.   Analysis on revenue and costs of sales
               During the reporting period, revenue of the Group amounted to approximately
               RMB96.542 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 10.43%.
               This was mainly due to fierce competition in the automobile industry and the rapid
               restructuring of the industrial ecosystem. GAC Trumpchi achieved an annual sales
               volume of 319.2 thousand vehicles, representing a year-on-year decrease of 23.02%, and
               GAC AION achieved an annual sales volume of 290.1 thousand vehicles, representing a
               year-on-year decrease of approximately 22.62%.


               During the reporting period, the Group recorded cost of sales of approximately
               RMB101.967 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 3.21%. The
               gross loss amounted to RMB5.425 billion, representing a decrease of approximately
               322.52% compared to the gross profit of RMB2.438 billion for the same period last
               year. The gross loss margin of 5.62% represents a decrease of 7.88 percentage points
               compared to the gross profit margin of 2.26% for the same period last year, which was
               mainly due to the combined effect of fierce competition in the automobile industry,
               the rapid restructuring of the industrial ecosystem, and the decrease in gross profit of
               the automobile manufacturing factories under its self-developed brands.


                                                    Principal business by industry


                                                                                             Unit: 100 million         Currency: RMB


                                                                         Gross profit/                                        Gross profit/
                                             Revenue Cost of sales (loss) margin               Revenue      Cost of sales    (loss) margin
                                               for the        for the         for the            for the          for the          for the
               By industry                current year   current year    current year      previous year    previous year    previous year
                                                                                   (%)                                                 (%)

               Automobile manufacturing
                industry                        690.10         767.93            (11.28)          789.34           789.28              0.01
               Parts and components
                manufacturing industry           38.01          34.95             8.05             39.32            36.24              7.83
               Commercial services              186.70         177.40             4.98             197.59          182.79              7.49
               Finance and others                50.61          39.39            22.17              51.59            45.15            12.48
               Total                            965.42        1,019.67           (5.62)          1,077.84         1,053.46             2.26




30
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                    Principal business by product


                                                                              Unit: 100 million         Currency: RMB


                                                          Gross profit/                                        Gross profit/
                             Revenue Cost of sales (loss) margin                Revenue      Cost of sales    (loss) margin
                               for the         for the         for the            for the          for the          for the
By industry               current year    current year    current year      previous year    previous year    previous year
                                                                    (%)                                                 (%)

Passenger vehicles              676.22          753.40            (11.41)          789.34           789.28              0.01
Vehicles related trades         238.59          226.88             4.91             236.91          219.03              7.55
Finance and others               50.61           39.39            22.17              51.59            45.15            12.48
Total                           965.42         1,019.67           (5.62)          1,077.84         1,053.46             2.26


                                         Principal business by region


                                                                              Unit: 100 million         Currency: RMB


                                                          Gross profit/                                        Gross profit/
                             Revenue Cost of sales (loss) margin                Revenue      Cost of sales    (loss) margin
                               for the         for the         for the            for the          for the          for the
By industry               current year    current year    current year      previous year    previous year    previous year
                                                                    (%)                                                 (%)

Chinese Mainland                795.20          859.55            (8.09)           960.44           953.34              0.74
Overseas                        170.22           160.12            5.93             117.40           100.12            14.72
Total                           965.42         1,019.67           (5.62)          1,077.84         1,053.46             2.26


                                 Principal business by sales model


                                                                              Unit: 100 million         Currency: RMB


                                                          Gross profit/                                        Gross profit/
                             Revenue Cost of sales (loss) margin                Revenue      Cost of sales    (loss) margin
                               for the         for the         for the            for the          for the          for the
By industry               current year    current year    current year      previous year    previous year    previous year
                                                                    (%)                                                 (%)

Distributor sales model         690.10          767.93            (11.28)          789.34           789.28              0.01
Others                          275.32          251.74             8.56            288.50           264.18              8.43
Total                           965.42         1,019.67           (5.62)          1,077.84         1,053.46             2.26

                                                                                                                               31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                     Analysis of sales and production volume


                                                                                                          Unit: Vehicle


                                                                            Increase/                         Increase/
                                                                          decrease in        Increase/      decrease in
                                                                           production      decrease in        inventory
                                                                              volume     sales volume           volume
                                   Production        Sales    Inventory     compared        compared          compared
             Major products           volume        volume      volume with last year with last year with last year
                                                                                  (%)              (%)              (%)

             Manufacture of
              passenger vehicles       629,176      609,242      41,896         -17.46           -22.83           50.62


             Explanation of sales and production volume: Mainly the production and sales data of
             GAC Trumpchi and GAC AION within the scope of the consolidated report.


                                                 Sales to major customers


                                                                            Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB


                                                                                                             Ratio to
             Customers                                                           Revenue                    revenue
                                                                                                                  (%)

             Total sales to top 5 customers                                              41.23                    4.31




32
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                        Major suppliers


                                                           Unit: 100 million     Currency: RMB


                                                               Amount of
                                                           procurement          Ratio to total
     Suppliers                                                        fees       procurement
                                                                                              (%)

     Total procurement fees from the top 5 suppliers                 164.65                 16.99


     Amount of procurement fees paid to the largest supplier of the Group accounted for
     7.09% of the total amount of procurement fees of the Group for the year.


     During the year, to the best of the directors’ knowledge, no directors or their close
     associates or Shareholders holding more than 5% of the Company’s Shares have any
     interest in the top 5 suppliers.


2.   Expenses
     (1)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB474 million in selling and
           distribution costs was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the launch
           of new vehicle models and increased investment in internationalisation, coupled
           with the increase in the relevant advertising fees and logistics and warehousing
           fees during the reporting period;


     (2)   The year-on-year decrease of approximately RMB448 million in administrative
           expenses was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the year-on-year
           decrease in staff costs, as well as the R&D expenditures during the reporting
           period;


     (3)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB76 million in finance costs was
           mainly attributable to the combined factors including the year-on-year increase
           in interest expenses during the reporting period;


     (4)   The year-on-year decrease of approximately RMB173 million in interest income
           was mainly attributable to the combined factors including the year-on-year
           decrease in non-operational interest income during the reporting period.




                                                                                                       33
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          3.   Research and development expenditures
               (1)   Table of research and development expenditures


                                                                      Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB


                     Expensed research and development expenses during the
                      period                                                                      11.52
                     Capitalised research and development expenses during the
                      period                                                                     59.67
                     Total research and development expenditures                                  71.19
                     Percentage of total research and development expenditures
                      over total revenue (%)                                                      7.37
                     Number of research and development staff of the Company                     7,982
                     Number of research and development staff over total number of
                      staff of the Company (%)                                                    21.96
                     Percentage of capitalised research and development
                      expenditures (%)                                                           83.82

               (2)   During the reporting period, expenditures in research and development
                     amounted to approximately RMB7.119 billion, representing a year-on-year
                     decrease of approximately RMB35 million, which was mainly due to the fact that
                     the Company adhere to independent research and development and innovation
                     capacity building to improve the quality system, and steadily promote the
                     development of new energy vehicle models and core components, with R&D
                     expenditures essentially unchanged during the reporting period.


          4.   Share of profit of joint ventures and associated companies
               During the reporting period, the Group’s share of profit of joint ventures and associated
               companies amounted to approximately RMB2.485 billion, representing a year-on-
               year decrease of approximately RMB513 million, which was mainly attributable to
               the combined effect of the decrease in income from joint ventures resulting from
               decreased sales volume, as well as GAC Honda accelerating its transition to new
               energy models and making provisions for impairment arising from the adjustment of
               production lines and the optimisation of staff, which led to a further reduction in the
               Company’s share of profits from its joint ventures and associated companies during the
               reporting period.




34
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



5.   Cash flows
     (1)   During the reporting period, net cash outflow used in operating activities
           amounted to RMB16.199 billion, representing a decrease in net inflow of
           RMB24.498 billion as compared with the net cash inflow of RMB8.299 billion
           in the corresponding period last year, which was mainly attributable to the
           combined effect of the decrease in net cash inflow resulting from reduced sales
           volume during the reporting period;


     (2)   During the reporting period, net cash outflow used in investing activities
           amounted to RMB2.522 billion, representing a decrease in net outflow of
           RMB13.681 billion as compared with the net cash outflow of RMB16.203 billion
           in the corresponding period last year, which was mainly attributable to the
           combined effect of the increase in the recovery of investments in interbank
           certificates of deposit from financial institutions, and a year-on-year decrease in
           dividends received from joint ventures during the reporting period;


     (3)   During the reporting period, net cash inflow generated from financing
           activities amounted to RMB6.051 billion, representing an increase in net inflow
           of approximately RMB1.233 billion as compared with the net cash inflow of
           RMB4.818 billion in the corresponding period last year, which was mainly
           attributable to the combined effect of the decrease in dividend payment by the
           Group during the reporting period;


     (4)   As at 31 December 2025, cash and cash equivalent of the Group amounted to
           approximately RMB23.843 billion, representing a decrease of approximately
           RMB12.639 billion as compared with approximately RMB36.482 billion as at 31
           December 2024.


6.   Others
     Income tax credit amounted to approximately RMB578 million, representing a year-on-
     year increase of approximately RMB345 million, which was mainly attributable to the
     combined effect of changes in profit of certain enterprises and in deferred income tax
     during the reporting period.


To sum up, the Group’s net loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the
reporting period amounted to approximately RMB8.784 billion. Compared to the same period
in 2024, the Group recorded a turnaround from profit to loss in 2025. Basic loss per Share
amounted to approximately RMB0.85, representing a decrease of approximately 1,162.50%
compared to basic earnings per Share of RMB0.08 for the same period last year.




                                                                                                       35
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       (II) ANALYSIS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
          1.   Analysis table of assets and liabilities


                                                                       Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB


                                                                                  Balance
                                                    Balance                     at the end
                                                  at the end        Balance         of the
                                       Balance    of current      at the end     previous
                                    at the end       period           of the       period
                                    of current    over total       previous     over total
               Item                     period       assets          period        assets      Change
                                                           (%)                         (%)          (%)

               Prepayments and
                other long-term
                receivables               65.39           3.04        150.03          6.45       -56.42
               Investments in
                joint ventures
                and associates           355.56           16.54       301.22         12.96        18.04
               Inventories               164.46            7.65       156.88          6.75         4.83
               Borrowings –
                non-current               96.97            4.51        119.69          5.15       -18.98
               Borrowings –
                current                  280.83           13.06       233.22         10.03        20.41
               Trade and other
                payables –
                current                  546.64           25.43       632.27         27.19        -13.54




36
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



2.   Analysis on change
     (1)   Prepayments and other long-term receivables decreased by 56.42% as compared
           with the balance at the end of the previous period, mainly attributable to the
           combined factors including the transformation of GAC-SOFINCO Leasing from
           a subsidiary to a joint venture, which resulted in the decrease of relevant long-
           term receivables during the reporting period;


     (2)   Investments in joint ventures and associated companies increased by 18.04% as
           compared with the balance at the end of the previous period, mainly attributable
           to the combined factors including the addition of new joint ventures and
           associated companies during the reporting period, the increase of capital in joint
           ventures and associated companies, the recognition of investment income in
           joint ventures and associated companies, and the profit distribution from joint
           ventures and associated companies;


     (3)   Inventories increased by 4.83% as compared with the balance at the end of
           the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined factors including the
           increase in inventory goods within the automobile manufacturing factories,
           coupled with the decrease in dealers’ inventories during the reporting period;


     (4)   Borrowings – non-current decreased by 18.98% as compared with the balance
           at the end of the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined factors
           including the transformation of GAC-SOFINCO Leasing from a subsidiary to a
           joint venture, which resulted in the reduction in related borrowings – non-current
           during the reporting period;


     (5)   Borrowings – current increased by 20.41% as compared with the balance at the
           end of the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined factors including
           the increased demand from some enterprises to replenish their working capital
           through short-term borrowings during the reporting period;


     (6)   Trade and other payables – current decreased by 13.54% as compared with the
           balance at the end of the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined
           factors including payments made to suppliers during the reporting period.




                                                                                                      37
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       (III) ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
           1.   Financial indicators
                As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.13 times,
                representing a decrease from approximately 1.22 times as at 31 December 2024. The
                Group’s quick ratio was approximately 0.94 times, representing a decrease from
                approximately 1.05 times as at 31 December 2024. Both ratios were within reasonable
                range.


           2.   Financial resources and capital structure
                As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately
                RMB98.031 billion, current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB87.102 billion and
                current ratio was approximately 1.13 times.


                As at 31 December 2025, total borrowings amounted to approximately RMB37.78 billion,
                mainly consisting of borrowings from bank and financial institutions with closing
                balance of approximately RMB34.934 billion, etc. The above borrowings are payable
                upon maturity. The Group generally funds its business and operational capital needs
                with its own operating cash flow.


                As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 25.61% (calculation
                of gearing ratio: (borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)/
                (total equity + borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)).


           3.   Foreign exchange risk
                As the Group mainly conducts its business in the PRC and the sales and procurement
                in the PRC were denominated in RMB, changes in foreign exchange did not have any
                material effect on the Group’s operating results and cash flow during the reporting
                period.


           4.   Contingent liabilities
                As at 31 December 2025, financial guarantee given by the Company to controlled
                and wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2024:
                RMB0).


                As at 31 December 2025, independent third-party financial guarantee given by the
                Company amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2024: RMB0).


                As at 31 December 2025, financial guarantee given by the Group to related parties
                outside the consolidation scope amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2024: RMB0).




38
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(IV) A N A L Y S I S O F A U T O M O B I L E M A N U F A C T U R I N G I N D U S T R Y
     OPERATION
     1.   Production capacity


                                           Existing production capacity


                                                                          Production
                                                     Design                 capacity          Production
          Names of                               production               during the              capacity
          major factories                          capacity          reporting period    utilisation rate
                                     (ten thousand units)        (ten thousand units)                    (%)

          GAC Honda                                        60                    35.45                    59
          GAC Toyota                                      100                    75.63                    76
          GAC Trumpchi                                     72                    32.87                    46
          GAC AION                                         56                   30.05                     54
          GAC Commercial
               Vehicle                                       1                    0.45                    45



          Notes:

          1.       Design production capacity refers to the actual effective production capacity, and the

                   production capacity unit is ten thousand units.

          2.       Production capacity during the reporting period refers to the production volume during

                   the reporting period.


          Production capacity calculation standards: Calculated based on standard production
          capacity under a two-shift system.




                                                                                                                  39
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          2.   Sales and production volume of whole vehicles


                                                             By vehicle models


                                                       Sales volume (units)                                 Production volume (units)
                                                                                Changes in                                                        Changes in
                                                                              sales volume                                                        production
                                                                                 compared                                                    volume compared
                                                                                   with the                                                          with the
                                     Total number        Total number      corresponding        Total number           Total number            corresponding
               Vehicle types          for the year        for last year period last year         for the year           for last year         period last year
                                                                                        (%)                                                                (%)

               Passenger vehicle          1,717,168           2,002,035               -14.23         1,739,935               1,915,602                    -9.17
                Sedans                     526,118              672,112               -21.72          520,195                644,440                    -19.28
                SUV                        955,614             1,014,317               -5.79          979,387                 962,522                      1.75
                MPV                        235,436              315,606              -25.40           240,353                308,640                     -22.13
               Commercial vehicle            4,321                1,023              322.38             4,494                    1,013                  343.63
               Total                      1,721,489           2,003,058               -14.06        1,744,429                1,916,615                   -8.98


                                                                    By regions


                                                       Domestic sales (units)                                        Overseas sales (units)
                                                                                 Changes in                                                       Changes in
                                                                              domestic sales                                                   overseas sales
                                                                                  compared                                                         compared
                                                                                    with the                                                         with the
                                      Total number        Total number        corresponding     Total number            Total number           corresponding
               Vehicle types           for the year        for last year period last year         for the year           for last year period last year
                                                                                         (%)                                                               (%)

               Passenger vehicle          1,593,020            1,874,972               -15.03          124,148                 127,063                   -2.29
                Sedans                       510,512            657,982                -22.41           15,606                   14,130                  10.44
                SUV                        858,963               921,832                -6.82           96,651                  92,485                    4.50
                MPV                         223,545              295,158              -24.26             11,891                20,448                   -41.84
               Commercial vehicle              4,321               1,023              322.38                     –                       –                   –
               Total                       1,597,341           1,875,995               -14.85          124,148                 127,063                   -2.29



               Note: The above sales and production data include that of the joint ventures.


40
                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



3.   NEV business
     Production capacity of NEVs
     The effective annual production capacity of GAC AION NEV is 560 thousand units.
     Some NEVs of GAC Trumpchi and GAC Commercial Vehicle are produced on shared
     lines with traditional vehicles, sharing production capacity. This allows the Company
     to adjust its products based on market conditions and implement flexible production.
     GAC Honda and GAC Toyota have dedicated production lines for certain NEVs.


                             Sales and production volume of NEVs


                                          Sales volume (units)                              Production volume (units)
                                                                                                                         Changes in
                                                             Changes in total                                       total production
                                                                 sales volume                                               volume
                                                                   compared                                               compared
                                                                     with the                                              with the
                          Total number      Total number      corresponding      Total number    Total number        corresponding
     Vehicle types         for the year      for last year period last year       for the year    for last year period last year
                                                                          (%)                                                    (%)

     Passenger vehicle         433,634            454,725               -4.64         448,792          436,229                  2.88
       Sedans                    97,550            173,065             -43.63           93,912         165,092                 -43.12
       SUV                      313,699           232,680               34.82          331,138            222,615              48.75
       MPV                       22,385            48,980              -54.30           23,742            48,522               -51.07
     Commercial vehicle           3,839               335             1,045.97          4,000                507              688.95


                                  Income and subsidies for NEVs


                                                                                 Unit: 100 million            Currency: RMB


                                                                                     Subsidy for Proportion of
     Vehicle types                                                 Income                        NEV                   subsidy
                                                                                                                               (%)

     Passenger vehicle                                                313.02                     0.02                         0.01
     Commercial vehicle                                                 12.71                       0.1                      0.79


     Illustration on income and subsidy for NEVs: mainly comprises the income and subsidy
     data of the consolidated report for NEVs, including those of GAC Trumpchi, GAC AION,
     and GAC Commercial Vehicle.



                                                                                                                                        41
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          4.   Automobile finance business


                                           Overview of the automobile finance business


                                                                                             Unit: 0’000 Yuan          Currency: RMB


               Name of subsidiary                                                                                 GAC Finance Company
                                                                       Basic information
                                                                                        Operating         Operating
                Registered capital           Total assets              Net assets          revenue            profit         Net profit

                                209,000            5,278,115              320,464           110,538           20,143              15,119


                                                       Main indicators of operations
                   Amount of                           Number of                                             Amount of credit-
               loans granted                       loans granted                    Balance of loans              impaired losses

                        5,634,286                              468,300                       1,950,533                          5,938


                                                               Key regulatory indicators
                       Core
                  tier-one          Tier-one
                   capital            capital            Capital               Non-        Provision              Loan
                adequacy           adequacy          adequacy performing                   coverage        provision         Liquidity
                       ratio              ratio                ratio      loan ratio            ratio             ratio          ratio

                       11.20%             11.20%          12.39%             0.0318%             N/A              2.75%        56.58%


                                           Distribution of loans by five-tier classification


                                                                                             Unit: 0’000 Yuan          Currency: RMB


               Item                                                                                   Amount              Percentage
                                                                                                                                   (%)

               Normal                                                                                 1,998,753                 99.95
               Special mention                                                                             344                    0.02
               Substandard                                                                                   0                   0.00
               Doubtful                                                                                     93                   0.00
               Loss                                                                                        543                    0.03
               Total                                                                                  1,999,733                100.00



42
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



IV. MATERIAL INVESTMENT
   During the reporting period, the Group did not hold any material investment.



V. MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES,
   ASSOCIATED COMPANIES AND JOINT VENTURES
   Save as disclosed in the section headed “Material Disposal of Assets and Equity Interest” below, the
   Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associated companies or
   joint ventures during the reporting period.



VI. MATERIAL DISPOSAL OF ASSETS AND EQUITY INTEREST

   Equity Transfer of Dongfeng Honda Engine and Capital Increase of GAC
   Honda
   Equity Transfer
   On 30 October 2025, GAC Honda, a principal jointly-controlled entity of the Company, entered into
   the equity transfer agreement with Dongfeng Motor Group Co., Ltd. (“Dongfeng Motor Group”),
   pursuant to which Dongfeng Motor Group (as the vendor) agreed to sell and GAC Honda (as
   the purchaser) agreed to acquire 50% of the equity interest in Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd.
   (“Dongfeng Honda Engine”), at a consideration of RMB1,172,485,400 (equivalent to approximately
   HK$1,286,847,541), which was conducted by way of public tender and transfer on the Guangdong
   United Assets and Equity Exchange (the “Equity Transfer”).


   Upon completion of the Equity Transfer, GAC Honda held 50% of the equity interest in Dongfeng
   Honda Engine, and the attributable interest of the Company in Dongfeng Honda Engine became
   25%. As the highest applicable percentage ratio (calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of the
   Listing Rules) of the Equity Transfer does not exceed 5%, the Equity Transfer does not constitute
   a discloseable transaction of the Company under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. Dongfeng Motor
   Group is an independent third party. The Equity Transfer also does not constitute a connected
   transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


   Capital Increase
   On 10 November 2025, the Company entered into the capital increase agreement with Honda
   Motor Co., Ltd. (“Honda Motor”), Honda Motor (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (“Honda China”) and
   GAC Honda, pursuant to which the registered capital of GAC Honda would be enlarged from
   US$541,000,000 to US$867,215,960. The Company, Honda Motor and Honda China contributed
   to the capital increase at an aggregate amount of US$326,215,960 (equivalent to approximately
   HK$2,544,484,488) in proportion to their respective capital contributions in GAC Honda (the “Capital
   Increase”).



                                                                                                                43
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       Honda Motor and Honda China are substantial shareholders of GAC Honda, a principal jointly-
       controlled entity of the Company, and are connected persons of the Company at the subsidiary
       level under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Therefore, the Capital Increase and the transactions
       contemplated thereunder constitute a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter
       14A of the Listing Rules. As the highest applicable percentage ratio (calculated in accordance
       with Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules) of the Capital Increase exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, the
       Capital Increase is subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but is exempted
       from the circular (including independent financial advice) and independent shareholders’ approval
       requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


       Upon completion of the Capital Increase, each of the Company, Honda Motor and Honda China
       would maintain their respective percentage holding of equity interest in GAC Honda and continue
       to hold 50%, 40% and 10% of the equity interest in GAC Honda respectively. However, Honda Motor
       and Honda China no longer hold any equity interest in Dongfeng Honda Engine. The equity interest
       of GAC Honda in Dongfeng Honda Engine would increase from 50% to 100%, and the attributable
       interest of the Company in Dongfeng Honda Engine would become 50%. As the highest applicable
       percentage ratio (calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules) of the Capital
       Increase is less than 5%, the Capital Increase does not constitute a discloseable transaction of the
       Company under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules, and thus the Capital Increase is not subject to the
       announcement and shareholders’ approval requirements therein.


       For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 10 November 2025.



       Provision of Loans to an Investee Company, HYCAN Automobile, in
       Proportion to Equity Interest
       On 27 January 2025, the 2025 first extraordinary general meeting held by the Company approved
       the resolution on the provision of loans to an investee company, HYCAN Automobile Technology
       Co., Ltd. (“HYCAN Automobile”), in proportion to equity interest by ordinary resolution. Following
       unanimous agreement among HYCAN Automobile’s shareholders, the Company agreed to
       provide shareholder loans specifically for payment of HYCAN Automobile’s employee wages and
       economic compensation in proportion to equity interest. Among them, the Company and GAC
       AION provided loans of a total of approximately RMB23.80 million in proportion to equity interest
       (collectively holding its 25% equity interest), Additionally, it has been agreed to entrust GAC AION
       with the after-sales service business for HYCAN Automobile’s products. Based on a ten-year after-
       sales service term, shareholders of HYCAN Automobile would provide loans not exceeding RMB174
       million in proportion to their respective equity interest, specifically for the after-sales services of
       HYCAN Automobile’s products.




44
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



   As all applicable percentage ratios (calculated under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules) for the
   transaction involving the Group’s provision of loans to HYCAN Automobile are less than 5%, the
   matter of the Group providing loans to HYCAN Automobile is fully exempt from all disclosure
   requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.



VII. PROVISION FOR ASSET IMPAIRMENT
   The Company held the 21st meeting of the seventh session of Board on 27 March 2026, at which the
   Resolution on Provision for Asset Impairment was reviewed and approved. In order to objectively,
   fairly and accurately reflect the Company’s financial position and the value of its various assets
   for 2025, and in accordance with the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and
   the relevant requirements of the Company’s accounting policies as well as based on the principle
   of prudence, the Company conducted impairment tests on relevant assets as of 31 December
   2025. Provision for impairment of RMB2.747 billion was made for assets showing indications of
   impairment (the amount of asset impairment under the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
   is consistent with that under the Chinese Enterprise Accounting Standards).



   Approach, Basis and Standard of the Provision for Impairment
   According to the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No.1 – Inventory, at the
   balance sheet date, inventories shall be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
   If the cost of inventories is higher than their net realizable value, a provision for impairment
   of inventories shall be made and included in the profit or loss for the current period. For sold
   inventories, the cost shall be carried forward to profit or loss for the current period, and the
   corresponding provision for impairment of inventories shall also be carried forward.


   According to the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No.8 – Asset Impairment,
   where there is any impairment indication of assets, its recoverable amount shall be estimated. The
   recoverable amount shall be determined by the higher one of the net amount of the asset’s fair
   value minus disposal expenses and the present value of the asset’s expected future cash flow. If the
   measurement results of the recoverable amount indicates that the recoverable amount of an asset
   is lower than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of such asset shall be written down to its
   recoverable amount, and the amount written down shall be recognised as impairment loss of the
   asset and included in profit or loss for the current period. A provision for impairment of the asset
   shall be made accordingly.




                                                                                                                45
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



         Details of the Provision for Impairment
         As a result of the fluctuated market prices of certain goods for 2025, in accordance with the
         China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and relevant accounting policies of the
         Company, the Company proposed to make provision for impairment of RMB2.747 billion, which
         was mainly due to the inventory write-down of RMB1.223 billion and impairment of intangible
         assets of RMB1.246 billion (under the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, the impairment of
         intangible assets was RMB1.285 billion, which includes the impairment losses on intangible assets
         and development costs under the Chinese Enterprise Accounting Standards).



         Impact of the Provision for Impairment on the Company
         The Company made provision for asset impairment amounting to RMB2.747 billion for 2025,
         resulting in a decrease of RMB2.747 billion in total profit during the reporting period. The provision
         for asset impairment was made in compliance with the China Accounting Standards for Business
         Enterprises and and the relevant requirements of the Company’s accounting policies, with solid
         bases and proper procedures. After the provision for asset impairment, the conditions of the
         Company’s assets and operating results would be more fairly reflected, without prejudicing the
         interests of the Company and all the Shareholders.


         For details regarding the Company’s provision for asset impairment, please refer to the
         announcement regarding provision for asset impairment (Announcement no.: Lin 2026-020)
         disclosed by the Company on the websites of the SSE and the Stock Exchange on 27 March 2026
         and 29 March 2026, respectively.



     VIII. ANALYSIS OF MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND JOINT VENTURES
                                                 Changes                              Changes                        Changes
                           Production          compared      Sales volume           compared                       compared
                        volume during            with the       during the            with the    Revenue            with the
                         the reporting     corresponding         reporting      corresponding     (RMB100      corresponding
         Company name    period (units)   period last year   period (units)    period last year   million)    period last year

         GAC Honda             354,460             -14.82%          351,926             -25.22%      511.42           -25.07%
         GAC Toyota            756,299              2.76%          756,000               2.44%     1,106.86             1.04%
         GAC Trumpchi          328,656             -18.96%           319,161            -23.02%     404.41             -25.12%
         GAC AION              300,520             -15.76%          290,081             -22.62%     283.84             -24.15%




     IX. S T R U C T U R E D E N T I T I E S U N D E R T H E C O N T R O L O F T H E
         COMPANY
         N/A.


46
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



X.   DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON THE COMPANY’S FUTURE
     DEVELOPMENT

     1.   Industry layout and trend
          China’s automobile market has entered a moderate growth phase dominated by competition
          for existing resources. The focus of industrial competition has shifted from single-product
          competition to ecosystem-based competition. The industrial changes of the automobile
          industry are becoming increasingly clear, characterized by the “four overlapping periods”
          of profound transformation, rapid technological iteration, shifts in competitive landscape,
          and restructuring of management processes. Firstly, the period of profound industry
          transformation. The transformation toward electrification and intelligentisation has entered
          a critical moment, with its pace and intensity far exceeding expectations. The proportion of
          domestic NEV market exceeded 50% in 2025. Driven by trends such as an aging population,
          nuclear families, gentrification and feminization, personalized user demand is growing.
          Structural incremental opportunities exist in segmented markets, including the 100,000 to
          200,000 mainstream market, lower-tier markets, the silver economy and the “she economy”.
          Traditional fuel-powered vehicles show potential for a structural recovery and still dominate
          the global market. Secondly, the period of rapid technological iteration. Technological
          innovations in the automobile industry emerge continuously with iteration speeds far
          surpassing expectations. The “15th Five-Year Plan” period is expected to mark a pivotal
          turning point for the rapid increase in the penetration rate of L3 autonomous driving, while
          competition in core new energy technologies will also focus on key areas such as solid-state
          batteries and high-efficiency electric drives. Thirdly, the period of adjustments in competitive
          landscape. In the domestic market, as self-developed brands have risen strongly to become
          dominant players, sales volume for the passenger vehicles of Chinese brands accounted
          for nearly 70% of the total sales volume of passenger vehicles in 2025. The share of joint-
          venture brands has further declined, and brand competition has entered the knockout stage.
          Fourthly, the period of restructuring of management processes. The traditional straight-line
          functional organizational structure is increasingly inadequate to keep pace with industry
          developments. It is necessary to integrate the full chain of “user demand – product R&D –
          market success” to achieve a high alignment between organizational capabilities and market
          demand.


          According to the estimations of the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, China’s
          total sales volume will reach 34,750 thousand units in 2026, representing a year-on-year
          increase of 1%. Among them, sales volume for the passenger vehicles will reach 30,250
          thousand units, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.5%. NEV sales volume will reach
          19,000 thousand units, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.2%. Exports will come to 7,400
          thousand units, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.3%.




                                                                                                                  47
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       2.   Development strategy of the Company
            During the “15th Five-Year Plan” period, the Group will fully implement the “1733” strategy
            by consolidating seven segments, including R&D, manufacture of vehicles, parts and
            components, commercial services and mobility transportation, energy ecosystem,
            internationalisation as well as investment and finance. We will focus on the three priorities
            of “stabilizing joint ventures, fortifying independence, and expanding the ecosystem”, and
            win the three critical campaigns of “user demands, product value, and service experience”, to
            achieve the goal of reshaping a “new GAC” with determination.



       3.   Operational plan
            1.   The Group will reform to tackle challenges and accelerate the effective implementation
                 of measures. The Group will deepen the second phase of IPD transformation and
                 further implement reforms for self-developed brands BU. The Group will deepen
                 DSTE process management to achieve a closed-loop management covering strategy,
                 operation, execution and monitoring, and strengthen project-based management by
                 establishing a comprehensive project lifecycle management system, and refining the
                 appraisal and incentive mechanism.


            2.   To achieve product breakthroughs, the Group will focus on developing core vehicle
                 models. Efforts will be intensified to enhance user insights capabilities to accurately
                 identify user demands and optimize product planning strategies. We will implement a
                 differentiated new-vehicle strategy to accelerate the launch of new models, such as the
                 AISTALAND series, Hyptec A800, AION N60 and bZ7, thereby increasing success rate.
                 Additionally, the Group will strengthen product management capabilities throughout
                 its entire lifecycle to continuously enhance product experience and quality.


            3.   Brand leadership accelerates the transformation of marketing system. The Group
                 will clarify brand positioning, sharpen brand labels, and focus resources on building
                 a product portfolio matrix. The Group will deepen IPMS reform to systematically
                 strengthen marketing capabilities, address weaknesses in new media marketing, and
                 promote improvements in NPS across all brands. The Group will accelerate expansion
                 into lower-tier markets, rapidly deploy in potential markets, and fill gaps in uncovered
                 areas, thereby enhancing channel capabilities.




48
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



4.   Through technological innovation, the Group will leverage strengths to leapfrog the
     competition. We will continue to consolidate our strengths in electrification and low-
     carbon technologies, and advance the development of technologies such as the
     magazine battery 3.0, Quark Electric Drive 3.0 and excellent energy-saving technology
     2.0. Through adopting a dual-track approach of “cooperation + independent
     development” to enhance ICV, the Group will complete the development of self-
     developed technologies including the cockpit-facing terminal-cloud integrated large-
     scale models 2.0 and EEA4.0, and accelerate mass production for installation. Besides,
     we will strengthen the layout and research of cutting-edge technologies to secure a
     leading position for future development.


5.   The Group will deepen global expansion to build the second growth curve. Focusing
     on A0 and A-class mainstream markets, we will develop regional bestsellers tailored to
     local conditions. By innovating sales and services as well as localized operations, and
     formulating differentiated solutions of “one country, one policy”, the Group will create
     business-end smart mobility solutions to rapidly penetrate the business-end markets
     and establish the second growth curve internationally. Additionally, we will execute
     the “thousand network plan” to expand our network scale. Efforts will also be made
     to strengthen all-round support across products, sales and services, brand, localized
     production, ecosystem, talent and compliance to enhance capabilities for overseas
     expansion.


6.   Ecological empowerment deepens the synergetic development across sectors. By
     deepening external cooperation and integrating high-quality resources, the Group
     will continuously expand the “ecological network”. Strengthening, upgrading and
     extending the industrial chain, while enhancing independent control, we will continue
     to advance R&D of domestic chip for major projects, and promote the professional and
     neutral development of the components sector. The Group will leverage the integrated
     strengths of the financial sector in areas such as inventory financing, retail loans, retail
     financial leasing and automobile insurance to deepen the synergy between industry
     and finance and empower principal businesses of whole vehicles.


7.   The Group will work together to enhance operational quality and efficiency through
     lean management. We will optimize financial management models, strengthen closed-
     loop management of comprehensive budgets, and reinforce full lifecycle management
     of vehicle models, to facilitate the achievement of profit targets. We will continuously
     implement cost reduction initiatives, bolster the development of a technology-driven
     cost reduction system, and establish a cost-optimized supply chain. The Group will
     intensify manufacturing cost reduction efforts, strictly control internal operating
     expenses, and achieve lean control of per-unit internal operating costs.




                                                                                                         49
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



            8.    Driven by AI, the Group will systematically build a digital and intelligent GAC. By
                  advancing AI capabilities, we will accelerate the transformation into a process-oriented
                  organization. Through comprehensive and in-depth AI integration, we will reshape our
                  product and operational competitiveness, strengthen data management mechanisms
                  to enable data-driven decision-making, and develop an integrated digital platform for
                  business operations to achieve sustained quality enhancement and cost reduction.


            9.    With talent as its foundation, the Group will stimulate vitality to enhance efficiency. We
                  will strengthen the talent development, with a focus on key areas such as marketing,
                  AI, software, and internationalization, by further strengthening the recruitment of
                  specialized professionals and leading talents. We will intensify efforts to enhance
                  workforce efficiency, promote a striver culture, and stimulate the vitality of our team.



       4.   Potential risks
            (1)   Intensified market competition
                  The competitive landscape of the automobile market is restructuring at an accelerated
                  pace, increasing survival pressure on automobile enterprises and entering the high-
                  speed shuffling phase of survival of the fittest. Enterprises with unclear brand
                  positioning, weak product competitiveness and slow response to market demand
                  will be at a competitive disadvantage. The intensifying market competition directly
                  erodes the profit margins of automobile enterprises. According to the data of the
                  National Bureau of Statistics, the ex-factory price of China’s automobile manufacturing
                  industry fell by 2.8% in 2025 compared with the previous year. The profit margin of the
                  automobile manufacturing industry is lower than the average level of downstream
                  industrial enterprises. The market structure continues to diverge, the domestic
                  penetration rate of NEVs has exceeded 50%, leading to a further contraction in the
                  fuel-powered vehicle market share. The proportion of sales volume for the passenger
                  vehicles of Chinese brands is approaching 70%, thereby further compressing the
                  market space for joint venture brands. Certain joint venture brands with a high
                  proportion of fuel-powered vehicles and relatively low levels of intelligence will face
                  even greater competitive pressure.


            (2)   Price fluctuations of raw materials and key components
                  Since 2025, prices of upstream raw materials and key components have remained high
                  and continued to rise, with particularly significant fluctuations in lithium carbonate,
                  copper, aluminum, rhodium and other key commodities. Prices of key components
                  such as memory chips have increased substantially, continuously driving up cost
                  pressure on the automobile industry. In response to rising prices of raw materials
                  and key components, the Company has endeavored to reduce procurement costs
                  by consolidating the procurement system of self-developed brands, optimizing the
                  supplier structure and expanding the scale of centralized procurement. Nevertheless,
                  such measures can hardly fully offset the cost pressure.
50
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(3)   Adjustment of industry policies
      Since January 2026, China has implemented a new policy on vehicle purchase tax
      for NEVs. NEVs are subject to a 50% reduction in vehicle purchase tax, while the
      technical requirements for vehicles eligible for tax reductions and incentives have been
      raised. The pure-electric mode range and energy consumption standards for plug-in
      hybrid (including range-extended) passenger vehicles have been further tightened,
      continuously driving enterprises to shift from being driven by policy subsidies to
      being driven by policies. If a company lags in R&D or supply chain fails to meet the
      standards, its main models may not comply with the new regulations, resulting in the
      loss of subsidy eligibility or market access, thereby exposing the company to significant
      pressure from product transition and inventory management. To meet stricter safety,
      range, and environmental standards, enterprises’ mandatory investments in areas such
      as battery materials, thermal management systems, and low-carbon manufacturing
      processes will continuously increase. At the same time, the phase-out of purchase tax
      subsidies has directly reduced profit margins per vehicle, presenting severe challenges
      to the overall profitability of the industry.


(4)   Increased uncertainty in the external environment
      High international geopolitical risks and rising trade protectionism may disrupt trade
      or even suspend operations in some regions due to geopolitical conflicts, abrupt policy
      changes or international sanctions. Industrial repatriation policies in certain countries
      will exert long-term impacts on the layout of the global automobile supply chain. The
      global economic slowdown and major-power competition have led to volatile raw
      material prices and rising tariff costs, continuously squeezing profit margins.


(5)   Pressure on the Company’s operations
      The Company’s operating performance has declined for two consecutive years,
      recording a loss for the first time. Although the Company has advanced the three-year
      “Panyu Action” to accelerate management and process reforms, and fully implemented
      the three critical campaigns of “user demands, product value and service experience”
      to strive for business recovery, there remains room for further improvement and
      refinement in areas such as product competitiveness, marketing reform and
      transformation, cost control and international expansion.




                                                                                                         51
          Chapter 4

      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     I.    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
           The Group was in strict compliance with relevant corporate governance requirements under the
           Company Law, the Securities Law, the Code of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies, the
           SSE Listing Rules, the Listing Rules and its Appendix C1, the Corporate Governance Code. The
           Group constantly optimised the structure of corporate governance, regulated the operation of
           general meeting and the Board in an orderly manner, and disclosed information in compliance
           with laws and regulations so as to establish a modern corporate governance system with sound
           scientific norms, effective checks and balances, and efficient operation. A total of 24 Board
           meetings and 15 meetings of special committees of the Board were held during the year. In
           addition, in order to constantly improve governance, the Company has reviewed and revised the
           internal management system from time to time. The Company revised important management
           systems such as the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures of General Meetings, the Rules
           of Procedures of the Board, the Management System of Information Disclosures, the Rules for the
           Independent Directors and the Decision-making Management Rules of Related Party Transactions,
           in accordance with regulatory requirements and the Company’s development plan during the
           reporting period, which further optimised the governance structure and improved its governance.


           There was no deviation by the Company’s corporate governance from the requirements as
           specified in the existing laws and regulations, and the listing rules of the SSE and the Stock
           Exchange during the year. The Company is consistently committed to continuous improvements
           on corporate governance, and firmly believes that good governance is crucial for long stability and
           sustainable development of the Company.


           The Company’s structure of corporate governance comprises the general meeting, the Board and
           its special committees, the management and the employees, each of which plays an important
           role in the corporate governance of the Company. The specific information is described below:



           (I)   General Meeting
                 The general meeting is the authoritative body of the Company and has legal power to decide
                 on significant matters of the Company. The Company carries out policies of open and honest
                 communication and fair disclosures. The Company can ensure all shareholders, especially
                 minority shareholders enjoy equal status and rights. Pursuant to Article 71 of the Articles of
                 Association, if shareholders individually and jointly holding over 10% of the Company’s issued
                 shares with voting rights request in writing to hold an extraordinary general meeting, an
                 extraordinary general meeting shall be held within two months after receipt of such written
                 request.




52
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Pursuant to Article 73 of the Articles of Association, shareholders individually and jointly
holding over 1% of the shares of the Company are entitled to propose extraordinary
motions to the Company and submit them in writing to the convener ten days before the
general meeting. The convener of the general meeting shall issue supplementary notice
of the general meeting to announce the content of the extraordinary motions within two
days after receiving the proposed motions. The Company formulates efficient channels
of communication with shareholders. All shareholders have the right to be informed and
to participate in significant events of the Company; shareholders may raise enquiries and
express their view to the Board in writing at any time (Contact address: The office of the
Board of GAC Group, No. 668 Jinshan Road East, Panyu District, Guangzhou (Postal code:
511434), Telephone: 020-83151139, Email: ir@gac.com.cn).


The Company has formulated the Rules of Procedures of General Meetings, convened and
held general meeting in strict compliance with regulatory requirements so as to ensure that
shareholders are able to fully exercise their rights. When the Company convenes an annual
general meeting, written notice shall be given to all shareholders twenty-one days prior to
the convening of the meeting. When convening an extraordinary general meeting, written
notice shall be given to all shareholders fifteen days prior to the convening of the meeting.
The notice of general meeting containing an agenda, resolutions proposed and a voting form
are announced in a timely manner in accordance with the requirements. All shareholders are
encouraged to attend the general meetings. All registered shareholders on the record date
are entitled to attend the general meeting. H shareholders who are unable to attend the
general meeting can appoint their proxies or the chairman of the general meeting as their
proxies to attend the general meeting on their behalves (the proxy form shall be completed
and returned by H shareholders to the Company or the Company’s H share registrar). All
directors, members of management of the Company are also requested to try their best
to attend the general meeting. Resolutions (or poll results) of the general meeting shall be
announced in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules. Lawyers witnessed each
general meeting and issued legal opinions.


The controlling shareholders and ultimate controller of the Company conscientiously
fulfilled their obligations in good faith. There was no act that interfered with the decisions
and operations of the Company directly or indirectly, by-passing the general meeting, nor
was there any damage to the interest of the Company and other shareholders. The related
party transactions of the Company were fair and reasonable, the pricing of which has been
adequately disclosed and no conduct damaging interests of the Company was found.


During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 annual general meeting and 3
extraordinary general meetings, the procedures of which have complied with the Company
Law, and the Articles of Association.




                                                                                                       53
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



         (II) Directors and the Board
               1.     Directors and Composition of the Board
                      Directors of the Company are elected or replaced at the general meeting. The
                      sixth session of the Board consists of 11 directors, including 2 executive directors,
                      namely Zeng Qinghong (former Chairman)1 and Feng Xingya (Chairman and General
                      Manager)1; 5 non-executive directors, namely Chen Xiaomu, Ding Hongxiang, Guan
                      Dayuan, Deng Lei and Wang Yiwei; and 4 independent directors, namely Zhao Fuquan,
                      Xiao Shengfang, Wong Hakkun and Song Tiebo, accounting for over one-third of the
                      total number of members of the Board. During the reporting period, the Company
                      completed the re-election and appointment of the sixth session of the Board on 28
                      March 2025, resulting in the formation of the members of the seventh session of the
                      Board. The current session of the Board consists of 11 directors, including 2 executive
                      directors, namely Feng Xingya (Chairman) and Xia Xianqing (General Manager)2; 5
                      non-executive directors, namely Chen Xiaomu, Deng Lei, Zhou Kaiquan, Wang Yiwei
                      and Hong Suli; and 4 independent directors, namely Zhao Fuquan, Xiao Shengfang,
                      Wong Hakkun and Song Tiebo, accounting for over one-third of the total number of
                      members of the Board. Other than Xia Xianqing, Zhou Kaiquan and Hong Suli, all the
                      other directors of the seventh session of the Board are members of the sixth session of
                      the Board, and Ding Hongxiang and Guan Dayuan did not stand for re-election at the
                      seventh session of the Board due to work reasons, and therefore they ceased to act as
                      non-executive directors after the conclusion of the 2025 second extraordinary general
                      meeting of the Company convened on 28 March 2025.


                      Independent directors have diverse professional backgrounds such as automobile
                      industry, legal and compliance, audit and finance and strategic management, coming
                      from different areas, whereas certain independent directors have work experience as
                      senior management in well-established enterprises of various countries and areas.
                      During the reporting period, the Company had two female directors of the seventh
                      session of the Board, representing a further increase in the proportion compared to
                      previous years, thereby achieving diversity of the Board in terms of age, professional
                      knowledge, work experience, region and gender. In the future, the Company will
                      enhance the diversity of the Board in more aspects in view of the needs of Company’s
                      development.




     1   Zeng Qinghong ceased to serve as an executive director and the Chairman of the Board on 3 February 2025.
         Feng Xingya, an executive director, was appointed as the new Chairman of the Board on 3 February 2025.
     2   Xia Xianqing was appointed as the general manager of the Company on 16 November 2025. Prior to this, Feng
         Xingya concurrently served as the general manager. Xia Xianqing was appointed as an executive director of the
         seventh session of the Board on 23 January 2026.
54
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    All directors have attended the meetings with an earnest and responsible attitude all
    the time. They are familiar with the relevant laws and regulations and understand their
    rights, responsibilities and obligations as a director. The directors believed that, the
    Company has sufficient resources to continue its business in the foreseeable future and
    there are no material uncertainties which may materially affect the Company’s ability
    to operate as a going concern.


    During the reporting period, the Company convened 24 Board meetings. The
    convening, holding and resolution procedures of the Board meetings have complied
    with the Company Law, the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the
    Board.


2   Powers of the Board
    The Board is accountable to the general meeting and exercises the following powers:


    (1)   To convene general meetings and report its work at the general meetings;


    (2)   To implement the resolutions of the general meetings;


    (3)   To decide on the business plans and investment plans of the Company;


    (4)   To decide on the mid-term and long-term development plans of the Company;


    (5)   To formulate the profit distribution plans and plans on making up losses of the
          Company;


    (6)   To formulate proposals for increase or reduction of the registered capital of the
          Company and issue and listing of bonds or other securities of the Company;


    (7)   To formulate plans for major acquisitions, purchase of shares of the Company
          or plans for merger, division, dissolution or alteration of corporate form of the
          Company;


    (8)   To determine material external investments, purchases and sales of assets,
          pledge of assets, external guarantees, loans, entrusted asset management,
          disposal of assets, connected transactions and external donations of the
          Company, save for the matters that are required to be resolved at the general
          meeting pursuant to the law, regulations, the Articles of Association and other
          regulatory documents;




                                                                                                     55
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



            (9)    To determine the establishment of the Company’s internal management
                   structure;


            (10)   To appoint or remove the general manager and the secretary to the Board based
                   on the nomination by the chairman of the Board; to appoint or remove the
                   deputy general manager, chief financial officer and other senior management
                   of the Company based on the nomination by the general manager and to
                   determine their remunerations and rewards and penalties;


            (11)   To formulate the basic management system of the Company;


            (12)   To formulate proposals for amendment to the Articles of Association;


            (13)   To formulate the information disclosure system of the Company and to manage
                   information disclosure of the Company;


            (14)   To propose the appointment or removal of the Company’s auditors at the general
                   meeting;


            (15)   To receive the work report and inspect the work of the general manager of the
                   Company;


            (16)   To formulate share incentive schemes;


            (17)   To be responsible for the establishment, refinement and effective implementation
                   of risk management, compliance management, internal control and other
                   systems, and make decisions on major issues related to risk management,
                   compliance management and internal control; and


            (18)   Any other functions and powers granted by the laws, administrative regulations,
                   departmental rules, the securities regulatory rules of the place where the shares
                   of the Company are listed and the Articles of Association or the general meeting.


            The exercise of power by the Board on the aforesaid matters or any transactions or
            arrangements of the Company shall be proposed for consideration and approval at the
            general meeting should the listing rules of the place where the shares of the Company
            are listed so require.




56
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



3.   Responsibilities of Directors
     The directors acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of annual financial
     statements and true and fair presentation of the Company’s business results and
     financial conditions. The Board, which is responsible for overseeing the preparation of
     annual financial statements, receives the Company’s monthly management accounts
     in respect of operation and updates on the Group’s performance, financial position
     and prospects. In preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
     2025, the Board adopted appropriate accounting policies consistently, made prudent
     and reasonable judgements and estimates, and ensured that the financial statements
     were prepared on a going concern basis and show a true and fair view of the financial
     position of the Company and of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and of the financial
     performance and cash flows for the year.


4.   Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board of the Company has adopted the terms of reference for directors to perform
     its corporate governance functions, which include the formulation and review of the
     Company’s corporate governance policy and practices; review and oversee the training
     and continuous professional development of the directors and senior management;
     review and oversee the Company’s policy and practices on compliance with law and
     regulations; formulate, review and oversee the Code of Conduct and Compliance
     Manual for employees and directors, and review the Company’s observance of
     the Corporate Governance Code and disclosures made in Chapter 4 – “Corporate
     Governance” of this report.


     For the year of 2025, the Board has performed the above corporate governance
     functions. Save as disclosed below, the Company has complied with the code
     provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to
     the Listing Rules (version as of 30 June 2025) during the year. The amendments to
     the Corporate Governance Code effective from 1 July 2025 will apply to the Company’s
     corporate governance report and annual report for the financial year commencing on
     or after 1 July 2025.




                                                                                                     57
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



            On 3 February 2025, Mr. Zeng Qinghong resigned as the Chairman of the Board of the
            Company as he had reached the retirement age. On the same day, Mr. Feng Xingya
            was elected as the new Chairman of the Board and continued to serve as the general
            manager of the Company concurrently. On 16 November 2025, Mr. Feng Xingya ceased
            to concurrently serve as the general manager of the Company due to work allocation,
            and Mr. Xia Xianqing was appointed as the new general manager. Accordingly, the
            roles of the chairman and chief executive of the Company are distinct and are no
            longer performed by the same individual concurrently. As at the date of this report, the
            Company has complied with code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code as
            set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules (version as of 30 June 2025).


            Code provision C.1.6 of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the
            Listing Rules (version as of 30 June 2025) stipulates that independent non-executive
            directors and other non-executive directors should attend general meetings to gain a
            comprehensive and balanced understanding of the views of the shareholders of the
            company. Certain non-executive directors and independent non-executive directors
            did not attend all general meetings of the Company held in 2025 due to other business
            arrangements (please refer to the disclosure in Section IV, “Directors’ Performance
            of Their Duties” of this section for details). However, there were sufficient directors
            (including executive directors, independent non-executive directors and non-executive
            directors) present at the general meetings for the Board to gain a comprehensive
            understanding of the views of the Shareholders.


            Pursuant to code provision B.3.5 of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in
            Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules (effective from 1 July 2025), issuers should appoint at
            least one director of a different gender to the nomination committee. The 2025 second
            extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 28 March 2025 approved the
            re-election of the Board and the change of the relevant directors. However, before and
            after the Board’s re-election up to the date of this report, the nomination committee
            of the Board is composed of directors of a single gender. According to the relevant
            provisions of the Management Measures for Independent Directors of the CSRC and
            the SSE Listing Rules, the terms of office of the independent non-executive directors
            of the Company will expire at the end of May 2026. The Company expects to make
            appropriate arrangements in conjunction with the re-election of independent non-
            executive directors to be conducted at that time, in order to comply with the relevant
            requirements of the Corporate Governance Code that the nomination committee
            should include directors of different genders.




58
                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



5.   Director Training
     The directors of the Company actively participated in the relevant continuing
     professional development trainings on corporate governance, directors’ duties and
     operation management. The secretary to the Board and company secretary, Mr. Liu
     Xiangneng and the joint company secretary, Mr. Leung Chong Shun have complied
     with the professional training requirement under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules during
     the year. All directors have also provided their relevant training records during the
     reporting period. Details regarding the training of directors during the reporting period
     are as follows:


                               Feng        Xia    Zhao        Xiao    Wong    Song    Chen   Deng     Zhou    Wang    Hong
     Directors                Xingya   Xianqing Fuquan   Shengfang   Hakkun   Tiebo Xiaomu    Lei   Kaiquan   Yiwei    Suli

     Trainings participated      BC        BC      BC         ABC      ABC     ABC     BC     BC        BC      BC      BC



     Notes:

     A:          Trainings on corporate governance of listed companies, directors’ duties and the relevant

                 trainings organised by stock exchanges or securities regulatory authorities;

     B:          Special training, seminars and conferences on aspects of economics, finance and corporate

                 management; and

     C:          Reading materials related to corporate governance, directors’ duties and regulations of

                 internal control and risk management; and attending seminars, forums and conferences,

                 etc.


     All directors of the Company can timely access the relevant laws, regulations and other
     information relating to their continuing obligations through the secretary to the Board
     and the office of the Board. The Company ensures that all directors keep abreast of
     business development of the Company, the competitive and regulatory environment,
     as well as the development trend of the industry through provision of materials,
     conferences and seminars, which help directors understand their responsibilities,
     make right decisions and conduct effective supervision. The Company has adopted the
     Model Code as the code of conduct for securities transactions by directors. There is no
     financial, business, family or other material or related relationship existing among the
     directors.


     After making specific enquiries with all directors, all directors have confirmed that they
     have fully complied with the rules as required by the Model Code throughout the year
     of 2025.




                                                                                                                              59
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          6.   Independence of Directors
               The Company’s independent directors have knowledge of the rights and obligations of
               the directors and independent directors of listed companies. In accordance with the
               Management Measures for Independent Directors of Listed Companies and Rule 3.13 of
               the Listing Rules, each of the independent directors has issued his annual confirmation
               of independence. The Company considers that they are independent.


               During the reporting period, independent directors were able to faithfully perform their
               duties of integrity and diligence in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws
               and regulations. The independent directors attended the meetings of the Board and
               its respective special committees, where discussions were raised and decisions were
               made regarding important matters. With professional knowledge and experience, the
               independent directors provided opinions on the Company’s standardised operations,
               carefully reviewed the fairness and objectivity of the terms of related transactions,
               expressed their opinions and performed their duties independently without being
               influenced by the Company’s controlling shareholder or other units and individuals that
               have an interest in the Company. During the reporting period, the Board had reviewed
               the implementation and effectiveness of the systems concerning independent
               directors and confirmed that the relevant systems are effective.


               The Company has reported to the independent directors the production and operation
               situation of the Company and the progress of significant events, submitted the
               annual reports and audit work schedule in compliance with the relevant requirements
               of the CSRC and the SSE concerning annual reports. Independent directors have
               communicated with the Company’s auditors in respect of the related issues of the
               audit process.


               During the reporting period, the independent directors did not hold dissenting views
               regarding resolutions of the Board or other matters which were resolved outside Board
               meetings.


               Apart from regular meetings of the Board, the Chairman has met with the independent
               directors without the presence of other directors during the year ended 31 December
               2025.




60
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          7.    Special Committees of the Board
                The Board has set up the Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
                and Assessment Committee and the Nomination Committee. Composition of each of
                the committees of the Board is as follows:


                (1)    The Strategy Committee of the sixth session of the Board comprises 6 directors,
                       namely Zeng Qinghong, Feng Xingya, Zhao Fuquan, Song Tiebo, Guan Dayuan
                       and Ding Hongxiang, while the Strategy Committee of the seventh session of
                       the Board comprises 6 directors, namely Feng Xingya, Zhao Fuquan, Song Tiebo,
                       Zhou Kaiquan and Hong Suli, with one position currently vacant, among whom,
                       Zhao Fuquan and Song Tiebo are independent directors and Zeng Qinghong
                       was the chairman of the committee, who has been subsequently succeeded by
                       Feng Xingya3. The committee is mainly responsible for conducting research and
                       making recommendations on the long-term development strategy and major
                       investment decision of the Company. During the reporting period, 2 meetings
                       of the Strategy Committee were held and all members attended the meetings,
                       at which the matters with respect to the ESG Report and the “15th Five-Year”
                       development plan were considered and reviewed. The Implementation Rules of
                       the Strategy Committee were also amended on 31 December 2025.


                (2)    The Audit Committee of the sixth and seventh sessions of the Board comprises
                       3 independent directors, namely Wong Hakkun, Xiao Shengfang and Song
                       Tiebo, among whom Wong Hakkun is the chairman of the committee. Their
                       primary duties are to supervise and review the annual audit work and internal
                       audit system of the Company, the financial information and disclosure of the
                       Company, and compliance supervision. During the reporting period, 6 meetings
                       of the Audit Committee were held and all members attended the meetings.
                       The Audit Committee mainly reviewed and deliberated the regular reports and
                       results, profit distribution, appointment of auditors and selection of chief financial
                       officer, and also timely reviewed the internal control system at the meetings.
                       The Implementation Rules of the Audit Committee were also amended on 31
                       December 2025.




3   Mr. Zeng Qinghong ceased to serve as the chairman of the Board’s Strategy Committee on 3 February 2025. Mr.
    Feng Xingya was appointed as the new chairman of the Strategy Committee on 3 February 2025.
                                                                                                                      61
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



            (3)   The Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the sixth session of the Board
                  comprises 3 directors, namely Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang,
                  while the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the seventh session
                  of the Board comprises 3 directors, namely Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and
                  Zhou Kaiquan, among whom, Xiao Shengfang and Song Tiebo are independent
                  directors and Xiao Shengfang is the chairman of the committee. Their primary
                  duties are to formulate the assessment criteria and appraise the directors
                  and senior management of the Company, as well as formulate and review the
                  remuneration policies and proposals of directors and senior management of
                  the Company. During the reporting period, 3 meetings of the Remuneration
                  and Assessment Committee were held in total and all members attended
                  the meetings. The Remuneration and Assessment Committee reviewed the
                  remuneration and appraisal proposal of senior management for the year
                  2024 and the appraisal plan relating to the share option incentive schemes
                  of the Company, and recommendations were provided to the Board. The
                  Implementation Rules of the Remuneration and Assessment Committee were
                  also amended on 31 December 2025.


            (4)   The Nomination Committee of the sixth session of the Board comprises 3
                  directors, namely Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang, while
                  the Nomination Committee of the seventh session of the Board comprises 3
                  directors, namely Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Zhou Kaiquan, among whom,
                  Xiao Shengfang and Song Tiebo are independent directors and Xiao Shengfang
                  is the chairman of the committee. Their duties are to make recommendations
                  and review the candidates for the Company’s directors and senior management,
                  the selection standards and procedures as well as evaluating the composition
                  and performance of the Board and being responsible for reviewing the
                  principle of diversified selection in nomination of directors, assisting and
                  maintaining the diversified visions and various educational backgrounds and
                  professional knowledge. During the year, the Nomination Committee held 4
                  meetings. All committee members attended the meetings and reviewed and
                  expressed opinions on the selection procedures and qualifications of candidates
                  for directorship and senior management. In accordance with regulatory
                  rules on listing and the actual situation of the Company, it also revised the
                  Implementation Rules of the Nomination Committee on 31 December 2025 to
                  specify its duties such as the evaluation of directors.




62
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



8.   Board Diversity Policy
     According to the Board diversity policy of the Company (the “Diversity Policy”), when
     determining the composition of the Board, the Company will consider board diversity
     in terms of, among other things, age, gender, educational background, ethnicity,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and term of service. All Board appointments
     will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective
     criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Nomination
     Committee of the Company will disclose the composition of the Board annually
     in the annual report and monitor the implementation of the Diversity Policy. The
     Nomination Committee will review the Diversity Policy, when appropriate, to ensure
     the effectiveness of the Diversity Policy, and will recommend any such revisions to
     the Board for consideration and approval. During the reporting period, the Board has
     reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Diversity Policy and considered
     the implementation of relevant policies to be effective.


     As the Company stated in the 2023 and 2024 Annual Reports, the Company was aiming
     to add one or more female director(s) to the Board to achieve the gender diversity of
     members before 31 December 2024, through various channels (including appointing
     an independent professional recruitment agency to assist in identifying potential
     candidates, referring to the nomination policy, or inviting existing directors, senior
     management or shareholders of the Company to recommend appropriate candidates).
     With the appointment of Ms. Deng Lei as a non-executive director of the Company on
     4 September 2023, the relevant objective has been achieved. Subsequently, Ms. Hong
     Suli was also appointed as a non-executive director of the Company on 28 March 2025.
     Nonetheless, the Company will continue to establish a potential director succession
     pipeline that empowers gender diversity in the long run.


     During the reporting period, the Company has completed the amendments to the
     Implementation Rules of the Nomination Committee of the Board in December 2025,
     further clarifying the Nomination Committee’s responsibilities, including reviewing the
     composition and diversity of the Board, assisting the Board in preparing the Board
     skills matrix, and making recommendations to the Board regarding any proposed
     changes to the directors to align with the Company’s strategy. Going forward, the
     Nomination Committee will, in line with the Company’s development needs, consider
     Board diversity in terms of, among other things, age, gender, educational background,
     ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and term of service. All Board
     appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against
     objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.




                                                                                                        63
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



               The Group strictly adheres to the Rules for Recruitment and Employment and the Rules
               for Management of Employee Salary and Benefit, treats employees of different races,
               genders, and beliefs equally, and conducts recruitment of staff and salary management
               in a fair and objective manner, thereby achieving diversity in all employees (including
               senior management) in terms of gender, age, cultural and educational background,
               professional experience, skills and knowledge. As of 31 December 2025, the number
               of female employees of the Group was 14,653, accounting for approximately 17.86% of
               the total number of employees (excluding senior management); the number of male
               employees was 67,407, accounting for approximately 82.14% of the total number of
               employees (excluding senior management). The gender ratio of the Group’s senior
               management is 5:2. The Group will continue to promote and achieve gender diversity
               amongst its employees.


          9.   Nomination Policy
               According to the nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) of the Company, in
               evaluating and selecting candidates for directorship, the Nomination Committee shall:


               (1)   review the structure, composition and diversity (including but not limited to
                     the skills, knowledge, experience and background) of the Board at least, with
                     reference to the operations, assets scale and shareholding structure of the
                     Company, assist the Board in maintaining a Board skills matrix, annually and
                     make recommendations to the Board on any proposed changes concerning the
                     directors in line with the implementation of the Company’s strategy;


               (2)   formulate the selection criteria and procedures of the directors and senior
                     management;


               (3)   search extensively for the qualified candidates of the directors and senior
                     management;


               (4)   select and review to the Board on the candidates of the directors and senior
                     management;


               (5)   make recommendations on the nomination, appointment and removal of
                     directors and the appointment or dismissal of senior management;


               (6)   assess the independence of independent directors, conduct an annual
                     assessment of each director’s time commitment and contribution to the Board,
                     as well as the director’s ability to discharge his or her responsibilities effectively,
                     disclose the assessment process and results in the Corporate Governance Report,
                     review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of
                     directors and senior management;

64
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(7)   give due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board against objective criteria
      with reference to the Diversity Policy when performing the duties set out in
      items (1) to (5) above;


(8)   review the Diversity Policy where appropriate, review the measurable objectives
      and the progress of attainment under the Board Diversity Policy, and to disclose
      its review in the annual report each year to ensure effective implementation;


(9)   other matters conferred by the Board.


The selection procedures of the directors and senior management are as follows:


(1)   the Nomination Committee shall actively communicate with the relevant
      departments of the Company to study the demand of the Company for new
      directors and senior management and to produce the result in writing;


(2)   the Nomination Committee may extensively look for candidates of the directors
      and senior management within the Company and its controlling (investee)
      enterprises as well as in the labour market;


(3)   to obtain information about the occupation, education background, job title,
      detailed information in relation to the work experience and all the part-time
      positions of the preliminary proposed candidates and to produce the result in
      writing;


(4)   to seek the nominees’ approval on the nomination, otherwise he/she shall not be
      nominated as the candidates of the directors and senior management;


(5)   to convene meetings of the Nomination Committee and to review the
      qualification of the preliminary proposed candidates according to the job criteria
      of the directors and senior management;


(6)   to recommend and to provide materials about the candidates of the directors
      and senior management to the Board one to two months prior to the election of
      new directors and the appointment of new senior management;


(7)   to conduct other follow up work according to the decisions and feedbacks of the
      Board.




                                                                                                  65
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (III) Supervisors and the Board of Directors
           Upon the approval of the amendments to the Articles of Association by the Shareholders
           at the third extraordinary general meeting held on 29 September 2025, the Supervisory
           Committee was abolished on the same date, and its relevant duties shall be undertaken by
           the Audit Committee of the Company. For details, please refer to the announcements and
           circulars published by the Company on 12 September 2025.


           During the reporting period, as of 28 September 2025, the Supervisory Committee strictly
           performed its supervisory function in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws
           and regulations and the Articles of Association in a diligent and responsible manner. The
           Supervisory Committee comprises 5 supervisors, namely Cao Xiandong, Huang Cheng, Huang
           Zhuo, Wang Yuan and Zhu Chun, among whom, Huang Zhuo, Wang Yuan and Zhu Chun
           are staff representative supervisors. As of 28 September 2025, the Supervisory Committee
           has held 4 meetings. The convening and procedural conduct of these meetings complied
           with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedure for the
           Supervisory Committee. All supervisors attended the meetings of the Supervisory Committee
           held during the year and diligently performed their duties as supervisors.



       (IV) The Management
           The appointment, dismissal of and rewards and punishment for the senior management of
           the Company were in strict compliance with the provisions of relevant laws, regulations and
           the Articles of Association. The Company has clearly defined the roles and division of work
           between the Board and the management as well as the respective responsibilities of the
           chairman of the Board and the general manager in its Articles of Association, ensuring the
           independence of the Board in decision-making and the independence of the management
           in managing the daily operations. The management of the Company mainly exercises the
           following daily operation rights under the authorisation of the Board:


           (1)   to be responsible for the Company’s production, operation and management, to
                 organise resources to carry out the Board’s resolutions, and to report to the Board;


           (2)   to organise the implementation of the Company’s annual business plan and
                 investment plan;


           (3)   to draft plans for the establishment of the Company’s internal management structure;


           (4)   to formulate the Company’s basic management system;




66
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    (5)     to formulate the specific rules and regulations of the Company;


    (6)     to propose the appointment or dismissal of the Company’s deputy general manager(s)
            and chief financial officer;


    (7)     to decide on the appointment or dismissal of management personnel and staff other
            than those required to be appointed or dismissed by the Board;


    (8)     to propose the convening of extraordinary Board meeting; and


    (9)     to exercise other powers conferred by the Articles of Association or the Board.


    Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, the remuneration of the
    members of the senior management by band for the year 2025 is set out below:


    Remuneration bands (RMB)                                                   Number of persons

    0 to 1,000,000                                                                                     3
    1,000,001 to 2,000,000                                                                             7
    Total                                                                                             10




(V) Company Secretary
    During the reporting period, the company secretaries of the Company are Mr. Liu Xiangneng,
    senior management of the Company, and Mr. Leung Chong Shun, a practicing solicitor in
    Hong Kong and external service provider. The primary contact person of the Company is Mr.
    Liu Xiangneng, the secretary to the Board. The company secretaries have received relevant
    professional training which fulfilled the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.



(VI) Appointment and Remuneration of External Auditor
    The external auditor for H shares appointed by the Company is KPMG. The auditor’s
    remuneration is disclosed in the paragraph titled “Appointment or Dismissal of Accountants”
    under Chapter 7 – “Significant Events” of this report.




                                                                                                             67
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (VII) Investor Relations
           The Group has formulated relevant systems such as the Investor Relations Management System
           and the Working System for Investor Complaint Handling to ensure a sound communication
           with the shareholders. The Group communicates with its investors through multiple channels
           and at multiple levels. The communication method should be as convenient and effective as
           possible for investors and shareholders to express their opinions on various matters affecting
           the Group, and for the Group to seek and understand the opinions from shareholders and
           stakeholders. Abovementioned methods include: general meetings, SSE E-interactive,
           investor relations column on the Company’s official website, open day for investors, investor
           hotline, email, visiting survey, performance briefing, roadshow, reverse roadshow activities,
           etc.


           In 2025, the Group conducted a total of 111 domestic and overseas roadshows and reverse
           roadshows, as well as entertained 534 investors and analysts. The Company has held a total
           of 3 performance briefings, which were attended by the Chairman, the General Manager,
           the Independent Directors, the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary to the Board, who
           also engaged in discussions. The Group ensures smooth dialogue with small and medium-
           sized shareholders and individual investors through the SSE E-interactive platform, hotline,
           IR mailbox, and the Company’s official website. In 2025, the Group responded to more than
           126 investor inquiries through the SSE E-interactive platform and more than 76 investor
           consultations through the hotline. In view of the various channels for communicating with
           investors and shareholders, the Group believes that the implementation and effectiveness of
           relevant systems during the year are effective and sufficient.



       (VIII) Amendments to the Articles of Association
           In accordance with the Proposals to Further Expand the Paperless Listing Regime and Other
           Rule Amendments issued by the Stock Exchange, the amended Company Law, the amended
           Guidelines for the Articles of Association of Listed Companies and the Rules of Procedures of
           General Meetings issued by the CSRC, and in light of the actual situation of the Company, the
           Company has made corresponding amendments to the Articles of Association. The relevant
           amendments were approved at the 2025 third extraordinary general meeting held by the
           Company on 29 September 2025 by way of a special resolution. Upon the amendments
           to the Articles of Association becoming effective on 29 September 2025, the Supervisory
           Committee was formally abolished, and its relevant responsibilities were assumed by the
           Audit Committee of the Company. For details, please refer to the announcement and circular
           of the Company dated 12 September 2025.




68
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



II.   GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                     Enquiry index of
                                                     the designated
                                                     website for the      Date of disclosure
                                 Date of             publication of the   of the publication
      Session of the meeting the meeting             resolutions          of the resolutions      Resolutions of meetings

      2025 first extraordinary   27 January 2025     Websites of SSE      27 January 2025         Resolutions of the 2025 first
        general meeting                                and the Stock                                extraordinary general
                                                       Exchange                                     meeting
      2025 second                28 March 2025       Websites of SSE      28 March 2025           Resolutions of the 2025
        extraordinary general                          and the Stock                                second extraordinary
        meeting                                        Exchange                                     general meeting
      2024 annual general        23 May 2025         Websites of SSE      23 May 2025             Resolutions of the 2024
        meeting                                        and the Stock                                annual general meeting
                                                       Exchange
      2025 third extraordinary   29 September 2025   Websites of SSE      29 September 2025       Resolutions of the 2025 third
        general meeting                                and the Stock                                extraordinary general
                                                       Exchange                                     meeting


      Convening of the general meetings of the Company was in strict compliance with the
      requirements under the Listing Rules of the SSE and the Stock Exchange, and relevant provisions
      of the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of General Meetings. The proposal and
      voting procedures were in compliance with the relevant requirements of laws and regulations,
      and all matters proposed for consideration were reviewed and approved by the general meetings.
      General meetings held during this reporting period were all witnessed by lawyers who issued legal
      opinions. The Company disclosed the announcements on general meetings’ resolutions in a timely,
      complete and accurate manner after the general meetings.




                                                                                                                                   69
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     III. PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

                  (I)     Particulars of Changes in the Shareholding and Remuneration of
                          Incumbent and Resigned Directors and Senior Management During
                          the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                                          Unit: A share


                                                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                                                                                    remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                      (before tax)
                                                                                                                                        Increase/                   obtained from
                                                                                                                                        decrease                    the Company
                                                                                                     Number of           Number of in number        Reason             during the Remuneration
                                                                                                 shares held at      shares held at     of shares   for the             reporting from related
                                                           Commencement     Expiry date        the beginning of          the end of       during    increase/              period parties of
     Name               Position               Gender Age date of term      of term                    the year            the year     the year    decrease          (RMB0’000) the Company

     Feng Xingya        Party Secretary,       Male   56 28 March 2025      27 March 2028                690,933             603,933      -87,000   Cancellation             93.93 No
                          Chairman                                                                                                                  of restricted
                        General Manager                    8 October 2021   16 November 2025                                                        share
                                                                                                                                                    repurchase
     Xia Xianqing       Director               Male   52 23 January 2026    27 March 2028                183,800             110,300      -73,500   Cancellation            124.81 No
                        General Manager                    16 November 2025 27 March 2028                                                           of restricted
                                                                                                                                                    share
                                                                                                                                                    repurchase
     Chen Xiaomu        Director               Male   50 28 March 2025      27 March 2028       97,367 (A shares)   97,367 (A shares)          0    N/A                       79.1 No
                                                                                               98,000 (H shares) 98,000 (H shares)
     Deng Lei           Staff Representative   Female 49 28 March 2025      27 March 2028                229,620              191,130     -38,490   Cancellation            118.62 No
                          Director                                                                                                                  of restricted
                                                                                                                                                    share
                                                                                                                                                    repurchase
     Zhao Fuquan        Independent Director   Male   62 28 March 2025      Note                               0                   0           0    N/A                         15 No
     Xiao Shengfang     Independent Director   Male   56 28 March 2025      Note                               0                   0           0    N/A                         15 No
     Wong Hakkun        Independent Director   Male   69 28 March 2025      Note                               0                   0           0    N/A                         15 No
     Song Tiebo         Independent Director   Male   60 28 March 2025      Note                               0                   0           0    N/A                         15 No




70
                                                                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                                                                                   Total
                                                                                                                                                           remuneration
                                                                                                                                                             (before tax)
                                                                                                                               Increase/                   obtained from
                                                                                                                               decrease                    the Company
                                                                                                Number of        Number of in number       Reason             during the Remuneration
                                                                                             shares held at   shares held at   of shares   for the             reporting from related
                                                      Commencement     Expiry date         the beginning of      the end of      during    increase/              period parties of
Name             Position                 Gender Age date of term      of term                     the year        the year    the year    decrease          (RMB0’000) the Company

Zhou Kaiquan     Director                 Male   52 28 March 2025      27 March 2028                     0                0           0    N/A                         0 No
Wang Yiwei       Director                 Male   53   28 March 2025    27 March 2028                     0                0           0    N/A                         0 No
Hong Suli        Director                 Female 42 28 March 2025      27 March 2028                     0                0           0    N/A                         0 No
Gao Rui          Deputy General Manager Male     46 16 November 2025 27 March 2028                  168,000          120,000     -48,000   Cancellation            122.69 No
                                                                                                                                           of restricted
                                                                                                                                           share
                                                                                                                                           repurchase
Wang Dan         Chief Accountant         Female 55   16 November 2025 27 March 2028                654,968          576,968     -78,000   Cancellation            121.84 No
                                                                                                                                           of restricted
                                                                                                                                           share
                                                                                                                                           repurchase
Jiang Xiuyun     Deputy General Manager Female 58 16 November 2025 27 March 2028                         0                0           0    N/A                     122.70 No
Huang Yongqiang Deputy General Manager Male      51   16 November 2025 27 March 2028                   N/A                0         N/A    N/A                      14.33 No
Chen Jiacai      Deputy General Manager Male     43 16 November 2025 27 March 2028                     N/A                0         N/A    N/A                      32.82 No
Liu Xiangneng    Secretary to the Board   Male   54 28 November 2025 27 March 2028                   53,880           26,940     -26,940   Cancellation            117.43 No
                                                                                                                                           of restricted
                                                                                                                                           share
                                                                                                                                           repurchase
Zeng Qinghong    Chairman                 Male   64 8 October 2021     3 February 2025              398,300             N/A         N/A    N/A                       6.72 No
Ding Hongxiang   Director                 Male   59 8 October 2021     28 March 2025                     0              N/A         N/A    N/A                         0 No
Guan Dayuan      Director                 Male   62 8 October 2021     28 March 2025                     0              N/A         N/A    N/A                         0 No
Yan Zhuangli     Deputy General Manager Male     57 8 October 2021     18 September 2025            260,000             N/A         N/A    N/A                      89.37 No
Zheng Heng       Deputy General Manager Male     55   20 June 2022     24 December 2025             350,979             N/A         N/A    N/A                      122.2 No
Yu Jun           Deputy General Manager Male     59 20 June 2022       28 November 2025             343,000             N/A         N/A    N/A                      111.79 No
Total            /                        /      /    /                /                                                                   /                      1,338.35 /




                                                                                                                                                                                        71
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



           Notes:

           1.       The terms of office of 4 independent directors of the Company will expire for 6 years in May 2026.

                    The Company will proceed the transition work for the new sessions of independent directors as

                    scheduled in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.

           2.       If the term of some personnel in the above table is less than one complete year, the total

                    remuneration shall be annualised based on their actual term of office.

           3.       On 16 November 2025, Mr. Xia Xianqing was appointed as the general manager of the Company.

                    On 23 January 2026, he was appointed as an executive director.

           4.       On 3 February 2025, Mr. Zeng Qinghong ceased to be the Chairman of the Board of the Company

                    due to reaching the age of retirement. Mr. Feng Xingya was elected as the new Chairman of the

                    Board of the Company by the Board.

           5.       On 28 March 2025, the Company held the election of the seventh session of the Board. As Mr.

                    Ding Hongxiang and Mr. Guan Dayuan did not stand for re-election for the seventh session of the

                    Board due to work reasons, Mr. Zhou Kaiquan and Ms. Hong Suli were elected as new directors at

                    the general meeting.



       (II) Interests Required to be Disclosed under the SFO
           The following are the interests or short positions of the current and resigned directors,
           supervisors and senior management of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and
           debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the SFO)
           as at 31 December 2025, which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
           Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
           positions which he/she was deemed or taken to have under such provisions of the SFO)
           or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register
           referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the
           Company and the Stock Exchange:




72
                                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                     interests in               Percentage
                                                                                         Number      underlying                 in the class Percentage
                                                                                              of     Shares held                  of issued            of total
                                                           Class of                      Shares     under equity                     Share               Share
Name                   Position                            Shares     Capacity              held     derivatives       Total    capital   Note 2
                                                                                                                                                   capital Note 3

Feng Xingya            Director, General Manager, Deputy   A Shares   Beneficial owner   603,933         400,000    1,003,933       0.0136%            0.0098%
                        Party Secretary; Chairman and
                        Party Secretary
Chen Xiaomu            Director                            A Shares   Beneficial owner    97,367                –     97,367        0.0013%            0.0010%
                                                           H Shares   Beneficial owner    98,000                –     98,000       0.0035%             0.0010%
Deng Lei               Director                            A Shares   Beneficial owner    191,130        340,000      531,130      0.0072%             0.0052%
Xia Xianqing           Deputy General Manager; General     A Shares   Beneficial owner    110,300        360,000    470,300        0.0064%             0.0046%
                        Manager
Gao Rui                Deputy General Manager              A Shares   Beneficial owner   120,000         360,000    480,000        0.0065%             0.0047%
Wang Dan               Chief Accountant and Person in      A Shares   Beneficial owner   576,968         360,000     936,968        0.0127%            0.0092%
                        Charge of Accounting Function
Jiang Xiuyun           Deputy General Manager              A Shares   Beneficial owner          –        360,000    360,000        0.0049%             0.0035%
Huang Yongqiang        Deputy General Manager              A Shares   Beneficial owner          –        253,040     253,040       0.0034%             0.0025%
Liu Xiangneng          Secretary to the Board, Company     A Shares   Beneficial owner    26,940         184,000     210,940       0.0029%              0.0021%
                        Secretary
Zeng Qinghong Note 4   Chairman and Party Secretary        A Shares   Beneficial owner   398,300                –    398,300       0.0054%             0.0039%
Yan Zhuangli Note 5    Deputy General Manager              A Shares   Beneficial owner   182,000         360,000    542,000        0.0073%             0.0053%
Yu Jun   Note 5
                       Deputy General Manager              A Shares   Beneficial owner   269,500         360,000     629,500       0.0085%             0.0062%
Zheng Heng Note 5      Deputy General Manager              A Shares   Beneficial owner   277,479         360,000     637,479       0.0086%             0.0063%




                                                                                                                                                                    73
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Notes:
          1.       In view of good practice of corporate governance, interests of senior management (other than the
                   chief executive) in the Company are also disclosed in the above table.


          2.       The percentages are calculated based on the number of ordinary A shares of the Company in
                   issue as at 31 December 2025, which was 7,383,697,595, including 14,799,854 treasury shares.


          3.       The percentages are calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of the Company in
                   issue as at 31 December 2025, which was 10,197,065,900, including 14,799,854 treasury shares.


          4.       On 3 February 2025, Zeng Qinghong ceased to be the Chairman due to reaching the age
                   of retirement. Feng Xingya was elected by the Board as the new Chairman. Therefore, the
                   information regarding the number of Shares held by Zeng Qinghong, the number of interests
                   in underlying Shares held under equity derivatives by Zeng Qinghong, the related total amount
                   etc., is as of 3 February 2025, being the last date on which the Company could confirm Zeng
                   Qinghong’s interests.


          5.       Yan Zhuangli, Yu Jun and Zheng Heng resigned as Deputy General Managers on 18 September
                   2025, 28 November 2025 and 24 December 2025, respectively. Accordingly, the number of shares
                   held by Yan Zhuangli, Yu Jun and Zheng Heng, the number of interests in shares held under
                   equity derivatives, and the relevant totals are as of their respective resignation dates, i.e. 18
                   September 2025, 28 November 2025 and 24 December 2025, being the last dates on which the
                   Company could confirm their interests.




74
                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name           Main work experiences

Feng Xingya    Mr. Feng holds a Master of Business Administration (MBA). He is the
               Chairman of the seventh session of the Board, an executive director
               and a member of the Strategy Committee. Mr. Feng Xingya has been
               elected as the new Chairman of the Board and the chairman of the
               Strategy Committee of the Board since 3 February 2025. He is also the
               chairman of GAIG. Mr. Feng has joined the Group since 2004, and he
               has held positions as the deputy head of sales department, deputy
               general manager, executive deputy general manager and a director of
               GAC Toyota. He has been the deputy general manager of the Company
               from July 2008 to November 2016. Since 25 March 2015, he has been a
               director of the Company. From November 2016 to November 2025, he
               has been the general manager of the Company. Mr. Feng is a delegate
               of the 14th National People’s Congress and the 16th People’s Congress
               in Guangzhou.


Xia Xianqing   Mr. Xia holds a bachelor’s degree and is currently an executive director
               of the Company and the general manager. He is also the chairman of
               GAC Toyota, the chairman of GAC AION, the chairman of AISTALAND
               Auto, the vice chairman of GAC Toyota Engine and a director of
               GAC International. Mr. Xia previously served as the deputy general
               manager and the head of the strategic development department of
               the Company, the chairman and general manager of GAC Business,
               the deputy general manager and head of the sales department of GAC
               Honda, and a director of Wuyang-Honda.




                                                                                                 75
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name             Main work experiences

          Zhao Fuquan      Mr. Zhao holds a doctoral degree and is currently an independent
                           non-executive director of the Company and a member of the Strategy
                           Committee. He is a professor and PhD supervisor of the School of
                           Vehicle and Mobility of Tsinghua University, the dean of Tsinghua
                           Automotive Strategy Research Institute (TASRI), the Chairman of the
                           International Federation of Automotive Engineering Societies, and
                           an independent director of China Automotive Engineering Research
                           Institute Co., Ltd. (中 國 汽 車 工 程 研 究 院 股 份 有 限 公 司). He successively
                           served as the research director of USA DaimlerChrysler, the vice
                           president and general manager of the R&D center of Shenyang
                           Brilliance Jinbei Automobile Co., Ltd. (沈陽華晨金杯汽車有限公司), the vice
                           president of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd. (浙江吉利控股集團)
                           and an executive director of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited (吉利
                           汽車控股有限公司), a director of BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. (華晨寶
                           馬公司), the chairman of the board of Australia DSI Holdings Ltd. (澳大利
                           亞DSI控股公司), a director of Manganese Bronze Holdings (英國錳銅公司),
                           an independent director of BAIC Motor Corporation Limited (北京汽車股
                           份有限公司), and an independent director of Weichai Power Co., Ltd. (濰
                           柴動力股份有限公司), among other positions.


          Xiao Shengfang   Mr. Xiao holds a Master of Business Administration and is a recipient
                           of the State Council Special Allowance. He is currently an independent
                           non-executive director of the Company, the chairman of the
                           Remuneration and Assessment Committee, the chairman of the
                           Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. He
                           is the chief of Guangdong Sino-Win Law Firm, the vice president of
                           the All China Lawyers Association, the chairman of the Guangdong
                           Lawyers Association, the vice chairman of the Guangdong Province
                           Law Society, and a member of the Guangdong Provincial Judge
                           Selection Committee. He concurrently serves as an independent
                           director of Guangzhou Municipal Construction Group Co., Ltd. (廣 州
                           市建築集團有限公司) and Guangzhou Port Co., Ltd. (廣州港股份有限公司).
                           He once served as a delegate of the 13th National People’s Congress,
                           a special supervisor of the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme
                           People’s Procuratorate, an independent director of Guangdong
                           Fenghua High-Tech Co., Ltd. (廣 東 風 華 高 新 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司), and an
                           independent director of Kingfa Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (金發科技
                           股份有限公司), among other positions.




76
                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name          Main work experiences

Wong Hakkun   Mr. Wong holds a bachelor’s degree and is currently an independent
              non-executive director of the Company and the chairman of the Audit
              Committee. He is a member of each of the Hong Kong Institute of
              Certified Public Accountants, the Association of Chartered Certified
              Accountants, the Institute of Chartered Management Accountants
              and the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, an
              independent non-executive director and the chairman of the audit
              committee of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. (海 爾 智 家 股 份 有 限 公 司), an
              independent non-executive director and the chairman of the audit
              committee of Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited (裕元工業(集團)有
              限 公 司), an independent non-executive director and the chairman of
              the audit committee of Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited (龍記(百
              慕達)集團有限公司), and an independent non-executive director and the
              chairman of the audit committee of Hangzhou SF Intracity Industrial
              Co., Ltd. (杭州順豐同城實業股份有限公司). He served as an independent
              non-executive director and the chairman of the audit committee of
              Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company Limited (浙江蒼南儀表集
              團股份有限公司) from June 2018 to 24 July 2021. He was an audit partner
              of Deloitte China from 1992 to 2013 and a national audit and assurance
              leading partner and a member of the management leadership team
              of Deloitte China from 2013 to 2017, with extensive experience in audit,
              assurance and management.


Song Tiebo    Mr. Song holds a doctoral degree and is currently an independent
              non-executive director of the Company, a member of the Strategy
              Committee, the Remuneration and Assessment Committee, the
              Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee. He is a professor
              and doctoral tutor of the China Enterprises Strategic Management
              Research Center of the South China University of Technology. He has
              been focusing on teaching and researching in the field of enterprise
              strategic management for a long time. He has recently focused on
              the research on the collaborative evolution of Chinese enterprises
              strategies and institutional environment. Mr. Song currently serves as
              an independent director of Guangdong Xinbao Electrical Appliances
              Holdings Co., Ltd. (廣 東 新 寶 電 器 股 份 有 限 公 司) and Guangdong Sky
              Dragon Technology Group Co., Ltd. (廣東天龍科技集團股份有限公司), and
              served as a former independent director of Guangzhou Zhujiang
              Brewery Group Co., Ltd. (廣州珠江啤酒股份有限公司).




                                                                                                77
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name          Main work experiences

          Chen Xiaomu   Mr. Chen holds a doctoral degree and is currently a non-executive
                        director of the Company. He served as the head of the human
                        resources department of the Company, the party secretary, the
                        secretary to the disciplinary committee, the chairman of labour union
                        and a director of GAC Mitsubishi and a director of GAC Mitsubishi
                        Motor Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽三菱汽車銷售有限公司).


          Deng Lei      Ms. Deng holds a bachelor’s degree and is currently a non-executive
                        director (staff representative) and the chairwoman of the labour union
                        of the Company. She previously served as the assistant to the general
                        manager, an office director and the director of the general manager’s
                        office and party committee office of the Company, and a member of
                        the Executive Committee of the Company.


          Wang Yiwei    Mr. Wang holds a bachelor's degree and is currently a non-executive
                        director of the Company, the party secretary, the chairman and a
                        director of Guangzhou Industrial Investment Fund Management
                        Co., Ltd. (廣州產業投資基金管理有限公司), a director of Guangzhou City
                        Investment Co., Ltd. (廣 州 市 城 投 投 資 有 限 公 司), and the chairman and
                        legal representative of Furong Fund Management Co.,Ltd. (富榮基金管
                        理有限公司). He previously acted as the deputy party secretary, general
                        manager and a director of Guangzhou Industrial Investment Fund
                        Management Co., Ltd. (廣 州 產 業 投 資 基 金 管 理 有 限 公 司), the chairman
                        and legal representative of Guangzhou New Central Axis Construction
                        Co.,Ltd. (廣 州 新 中 軸 建 設 有 限 公 司), the head of the investment and
                        development department of Guangzhou City Infrastructure Investment
                        Group Limited (廣州市城市建設投資集團有限公司), and the chairman and
                        legal representative of Guangzhou City Investment Co., Ltd. (廣州市城投
                        投資有限公司).




78
                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name           Main work experiences

Zhou Kaiquan   Mr. Zhou holds a master’s degree and is currently a non-executive
               director of the Company, and a director and general manager of
               China National Machinery Industry Corporation (中 國 機 械 工 業 集 團 有
               限 公 司). He previously served as a deputy general manager of China
               National Machinery Industry Corporation (中國機械工業集團有限公司), the
               chairman and president of China Changan Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
               (重慶長安汽車股份有限公司) (renamed as Chenzhi Automotive Technology
               Group Co., Ltd. (辰 致 汽 車 科 技 集 團 有 限 公 司) in July 2025), a director of
               Chongqing Changan Automobile Co., Ltd. (重 慶 長 安 汽 車 股 份 有 限 公 司),
               and the deputy general manager, general manager and vice chairman
               of Chongqing Tsingshan Industrial Co., Ltd. (重慶青山工業有限責任公司).


Hong Suli      Ms. Hong holds an MBA degree and has been appointed as a non-
               executive director of the Company and a member of the Strategy
               Committee since 28 March 2025. She is currently the secretary to
               the board and the chief investment officer of Guangzhou Industrial
               Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd. (廣 州 工 業 投 資 控 股 集 團 有 限 公 司), a
               director of Guangzhou Gongkong Capital Management Co., Ltd. (廣州
               工控資本管理有限公司), Guangzhou Energy Storage Group Co., Ltd. (廣
               州儲能集團有限公司), Jinming Machinery (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. (廣東金
               明精機股份有限公司), Guangzhou Gongkong Wanbao Financial Leasing
               Co., Ltd. (廣州工控萬寶融資租賃有限公司), Farasis Energy (Ganzhou) Co.,
               Ltd. (孚能科技(贛州)股份有限公司董事), and the chairman of Guangzhou
               Gongkong Automobile Parts Group Co., Ltd. (廣州工控汽車零部件集團有
               限公司). She has served as the office director and the general manager
               of the investment management department of Guangzhou Industrial
               Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd. (廣州工業投資控股集團有限公司).




                                                                                                79
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name           Main work experiences

          Wang Dan       Ms. Wang, Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA),
                         senior accountant and a non-practicing registered accountant, is
                         currently the chief accountant and the person in charge of accounting
                         function of the Company. She concurrently serves as the chairwoman
                         of GAC Finance Company and a director of GAC Trumpchi and GAC
                         International. Ms. Wang joined GAC Group in March 1999, and has been
                         the Company’s person in charge of accounting function and financial
                         controller since 2005. Prior to this, Ms. Wang served in the financial
                         audit department of Guangzhou Junda Automobile Enterprise Group
                         (廣州駿達汽車企業集團) and was the deputy head of the financial audit
                         division of GAC Group, the chairwoman of the supervisory committees
                         of GAC Trumpchi and GAC AION, the chairwoman of Guangyue Assets
                         (廣悅資產), Guangzhou Zhicheng Industry Co., Ltd. (廣州智誠實業有限公司)
                         and GAC-SOFINCO, and the deputy general manager of GAC Group.


          Gao Rui        Mr. Gao holds a Master of Business Administration (MBA) and is
                         currently the executive deputy general manager and the head of the
                         division of strategic development and cooperation of the Company.
                         He concurrently acts as the chairman of GAC Honda, Wuyang Honda,
                         UPOWER Energy, GAC Energy, Guangzhou Chenqi Mobility Technology
                         Co., Ltd. (廣州宸祺出行科技有限公司) and Guangzhou Chenqi Automobile
                         Service Co., Ltd. (廣州宸祺汽車服務有限公司). He previously served as the
                         head of the assets management department of the Company, the
                         chairman and general manager of China Lounge Investments, the
                         general manager of Denway Motors Limited (駿 威 汽 車 有 限 公 司) and
                         the chairman and general manager of Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong
                         Kong) Limited (廣汽集團(香港)有限公司).


          Jiang Xiuyun   Ms. Jiang holds a bachelor’s degree and is currently the deputy general
                         manager and general legal counsel of the Company, and concurrently
                         serves as a director of GAC Toyota and the chairman of Da Sheng
                         Technology. She previously served as the chief accountant, a staff
                         representative supervisor, the deputy head of compliance department,
                         the head of risk control department and the head (senior assistant
                         level) of the audit department of the Company, the chairman of GAC
                         Mitsubishi, the chairman of the supervisory committees of Guangzhou
                         Zhicheng Industry Co., Ltd. (廣 州 智 誠 實 業 有 限 公 司) and Guangzhou
                         Guangyue Assets Administration Co., Ltd. (廣 州 廣 悅 資 產 管 理 有 限 公 司),
                         and the director of the financial tax audit office of the Audit Bureau of
                         Guangzhou Municipality (廣州市審計局財政稅務審計處).



80
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name                Main work experiences

Wong Wing Keung Mr. Wong holds a bachelor’s degree and is currently the deputy
                    general manager, and the head of the public relations and publicity
                    department of the Company. He also serves as the vice chairman of
                    GAC International. He previously served as the deputy party secretary,
                    vice chairman and general manager of GAC Trumpchi, a director of
                    GAC Business, a director of GAC-SOFINCO, a director of Da sheng
                    Technology, and the deputy general manager of GAC Toyota.


Chen Jiacai         Mr. Chen holds a Master of Administration and is currently the deputy
                    general manager of the Company. He also serves as the chairman of
                    GAC International. He previously served as the rotating president of the
                    overseas BU and a member of the group’s EMT at Seres Automobile
                    Group (賽 力 斯 汽 車 集 團), the general manager of Chery Automobile
                    Jetour International (奇 瑞 汽 車 捷 途 國 際 公 司), the general manager of
                    Chery Commercial Vehicle International (奇瑞商用車國際公司), and the
                    head of the management department of Chery Automobile Henan Co.,
                    Ltd. (奇瑞汽車河南有限公司).


Liu Xiangneng       Mr. Liu holds a master’s degree, is a non-practicing member of the
                    Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and is currently the
                    secretary to the Board and the company secretary of the Company.
                    He also serves as chairman of GAC Capital, China Lounge Investments,
                    GAC-SOFINCO, and GAC-SOFINCO Leasing. He previously took office
                    at the investment banking department of Guangdong Securities Co.,
                    Ltd. (廣東證券股份有限公司) and Guangzhou Baolong Motors Co., Ltd. (廣
                    州東方寶龍汽車工業股份有限公司). He successively served as the director
                    of the Board office and the Supervisory Committee office, and the
                    deputy head and the head of the capital operation department of the
                    Company, and a director and the general manager of GAC Capital.


Before Mr. Xia Xianqing, Mr. Zhou Kaiquan and Ms. Hong Suli’s appointments became
effective, on 20 January 2026 and 24 March 2025, they obtained the legal advice from a firm
of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong laws referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing
Rules and confirmed that they have understood their responsibilities as directors and the
requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to them as directors and the
possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the Stock
Exchange.




                                                                                                      81
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (IV) Terms of Office of Incumbent and Resigned Directors, and Senior
            Management during the Reporting Period
           1.   Term of Office in Shareholders’ Units
                                                                           Position held in                  Commencement Expiry date
                Name of staff       Name of shareholders’ unit             shareholders’ unit                date of term        of term

                Feng Xingya         GAIG                                   Chairman                          March 2025
                Feng Xingya         GAIG                                   Director                          August 2017
                Chen Xiaomu         GAIG                                   Director                          March 2020          April 2026
                Zhou Kaiquan        China National Machinery Industry      Director and General              August 2025
                                     Corporation                             Manager
                Wang Yiwei          Guangzhou Industrial                   Chairman and                      December 2023
                                     Investment Fund                         Party Secretary
                Hong Suli           Guangzhou Industrial Investment        Secretary to the Board, Chief     December 2023
                                     Holdings Group                          Investment Officer, General
                                                                             Manager of Strategic
                                                                             Investment Department
                Term of office in   If expiry date of term is not stated, the appointment of the staff will continue and there is no fixed
                 shareholders’ units expiry date of term.




           2.   Term of Office in Other Units
                                                                                                             Commencement Expiry date
                Name of staff       Name of other unit                     Position held in such unit        date of term        of term

                Feng Xingya         Guangdong Automobile Industry          President                         September 2020
                                     Association
                Zhao Fuquan         Weichai Power Co., Ltd.                Independent Director              June 2024           January 2026
                Zhao Fuquan         China Automotive Engineering           Independent Director              November 2023
                                     Research Institute Co., Ltd.
                Xiao Shengfang      Guangdong Lawyers Association          President                         December 2016
                Xiao Shengfang      Guangzhou Municipal                    Independent Director              January 2020
                                     Construction Group Co., Ltd.
                Xiao Shengfang      Guangzhou Port Co., Ltd.               Independent Director              May 2022
                Wong Hakkun         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.             Independent Director              June 2021
                Wong Hakkun         Hangzhou SF Intra-city Industrial      Independent Director              November 2021
                                     Co., Ltd.
                Wong Hakkun         Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings)         Independent Director              June 2018
                                     Limited




82
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                             Commencement Expiry date
Name of staff       Name of other unit                     Position held in such unit        date of term        of term

Wong Hakkun         Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings            Independent Director              June 2018
                     Limited
Song Tiebo          Guangdong Sky Dragon                   Independent Director              July 2019           July 2025
                     Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Song Tiebo          Guangdong Xinbao Electrical            Independent Director              August 2020
                     Appliances Co., Ltd.
Hong Suli           Guangzhou Gongkong Capital             Director                          August 2020
                     Management Co., Ltd.
                     (廣州工控資本管理有限公司)
Hong Suli           Guangzhou Energy Storage Group         Director                          May 2023
                     Co., Ltd. (廣州儲能集團有限公司)
Hong Suli           Jinming Machinery (Guangdong)          Director                          October 2022
                     Co., Ltd. (廣東金明精機股份有限公司)
Hong Suli           Guangzhou Gongkong Wanbao              Director                          April 2024
                     Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
                     (廣州工控萬寶融資租賃有限公司)
Hong Suli           Guangzhou Gongkong Automobile          Chairman of the Board             April 2024
                     Parts Group Co., Ltd.
                     (廣州工控汽車零部件集團有限公司)
Hong Suli           Farasis Energy (Gan Zhou) Co.,         Director                          May 2025
                     Ltd. (孚能科技(贛州)股份有限公司)
Term of office in   If expiry date of term is not stated, the appointment of the staff will continue and there is no fixed
 other units         expiry date of term.




                                                                                                                               83
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       （V） Remuneration for Directors and Senior Management
           Decision-making procedures     The remuneration management of the Company’s directors
            for fixing the remuneration   and senior management is implemented in accordance
            of the directors and senior   with the party and administrative management positions
            management                    they hold in the Company. Pursuant to the “High-Quality
                                          Development and Operating Performance Appraisal
                                          Measures of Legal Representatives of Enterprises Governed
                                          by State-owned Assets and Administration Commission of
                                          Guangzhou Municipal Government” (廣 州 市 國 資 委 監 管 企 業 負
                                          責 人 高 質 量 發 展 經 營 業 績 考 核 辦 法) issued by the higher state-
                                          owned assets regulatory authorities, as well as the relevant
                                          remuneration management system formulated by the
                                          Company, the Remuneration and Assessment Committee
                                          of the Board deliberates and formulates the remuneration
                                          assessment program, which shall be submitted to the Board
                                          of the Company for decision and approval.


                                          The allowance standard for the Company’s independent
                                          directors is discussed and formulated by the Board based
                                          on the Company’s actual development phase as well as the
                                          market and industry conditions, and is subject to review and
                                          approval by the Company’s general meeting.


           Whether directors abstain      Yes
            from discussions on their
            remuneration at the Board




84
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Details of the Remuneration   Pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Articles
 and Assessment               of Association and the Implementation Rules of the
 Committee or special         Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board,
 meetings of independent      the Board of the Company has established a Remuneration
 directors issuing            and Assessment Committee. The Committee is composed
 recommendations on           of three directors, a majority of whom are independent
 remuneration matters         directors. It is primary responsible for formulating systems
 for directors and senior     and plans regarding the remuneration decision-making
 management                   mechanisms, decision-making processes, remuneration
                              assessment schemes, and payment and cessation of
                              payment recovery arrangements for directors and senior
                              management. After conducting independent discussions on
                              relevant remuneration matters, the Committee shall make
                              recommendations to the Board.


Basis for determination       In accordance with the “High-Quality Development and
 of the remuneration of       Operating Performance Appraisal Measures of Legal
 the directors and senior     Representatives of Enterprises Governed by State-owned
 management                   Assets and Administration Commission of Guangzhou
                              Municipal Government” (廣 州 市 國 資 委 監 管 企 業 負 責 人 高 質 量 發
                              展 經 營 業 績 考 核 辦 法), the Administrative Measures for Salary
                              Assessment of Professional Managers (職業經理人薪酬考核管理
                              辦法), and the Administrative Measures for Salary Assessment
                              of Non-Professional Manager Leaders (非 職 業 經 理 人 領 導 人
                              員 薪 酬 考 核 管 理 辦 法), the remuneration levels, structure and
                              assessment rules for directors and senior management are
                              determined. The Board enters into performance responsibility
                              agreements with directors and senior management as the
                              basis for remuneration assessment. The completion of the
                              operating performance indicators is calculated and assessed
                              based on audited operating financial data, to calculate and
                              determine the remuneration plan.




                                                                                                     85
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Actual payment of the        In light of aforementioned policies and regulations, the
           remuneration of the         Company pays basic annual salary monthly to the directors,
           directors and senior        employee representative directors and senior management
           management                  nominated by the controlling shareholders based on the
                                       party and administrative management positions they hold
                                       in the Company. The annual performance-related pay is
                                       organized and implemented by the Remuneration and
                                       Assessment Committee of the Board through operating
                                       performance assessment, and such pay is settled and
                                       distributed upon the decision of the Board and filing with
                                       the state-owned assets regulatory authority. 15% to 30%
                                       of the annual performance-related pay of directors and
                                       senior management shall be deferred and payable until
                                       the expiry of their term. The deferred payment of annual
                                       performance-related pay shall not be distributed, if there is
                                       any major operational risk, significant violation of operational
                                       regulations or major operational safety incident of the
                                       Company during their term for which the individual bears
                                       primary responsibility, or if the individual commits any
                                       major violations of laws, regulations and disciplines, or any
                                       significant misconduct in the performance of their duties. If
                                       the employment or labor relationship of a director or senior
                                       management is dismissed (terminated) due to personal
                                       reasons (such as dismissal for incompetence in assessment
                                       or voluntary resignation, but excluding health reasons), the
                                       annual performance-related pay for that year shall not be
                                       distributed.


          Total remuneration paid to   RMB13.3835 million
           all directors and senior
           management as at the end
           of the reporting period


          Basis for assessment         As at the end of the reporting period, the implementation
           and completion of           of the 2025 annual operating performance assessment for
           remuneration paid to        the Company’s directors and senior management was still
           all directors and senior    undergoing relevant procedures. Based on policies and
           management as at the end    regulations, the Company has paid the basic annual salaries
           of the reporting period     to directors and senior management, while the performance-
                                       related pay for 2025 has not been disbursed in practice.




86
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Deferred payment             Pursuant to the “High-Quality Development and Operating
 arrangement of              Performance Appraisal Measures of Legal Representatives
 remuneration paid to        of Enterprises Governed by State-owned Assets and
 all directors and senior    A d m i ni str ati o n Co m m i ssi o n o f G uang z ho u Mu n icipa l
 management as at the end    Government” (廣 州 市 國 資 委 監 管 企 業 負 責 人 高 質 量 發 展 經 營
 of the reporting period     業 績 考 核 辦 法) issued by the higher state-owned assets
                             regulatory authorities, as well as the relevant remuneration
                             management system formulated by the Company, 15% to
                             30% of the annual performance-related pay of directors
                             and senior management shall be deferred and payable
                             until the expiry of their term. The deferred payment of
                             annual performance-related pay shall not be distributed, if
                             there is any major operational risk, significant violation of
                             operational regulations or major operational safety incident
                             of the Company during their term for which the individual
                             bears primary responsibility, or if the individual commits any
                             major violations of laws, regulations and disciplines, or any
                             significant misconduct in the performance of their duties.


Cessation of payment         In accordance with the “High-Quality Development and
 recovery of remuneration    Operating Performance Appraisal Measures of Legal
 paid to all directors and   Representatives of Enterprises Governed by State-owned
 senior management as at     Assets and Administration Commission of Guangzhou
 the end of the reporting    Municipal Government” (廣 州 市 國 資 委 監 管 企 業 負 責 人 高 質 量 發
 period                      展經營業績考核辦法) issued by the higher state-owned assets
                             regulatory authorities, as well as the relevant remuneration
                             management system formulated by the Company, if the
                             employment or labor relationship of a director or senior
                             management is dismissed (terminated) due to personal
                             reasons (such as dismissal for incompetence in assessment
                             or voluntary resignation, but excluding health reasons), the
                             annual performance-related pay for that year shall not be
                             distributed. As at the end of the reporting period, as certain
                             senior management resigned from their positions at the
                             Company for personal reasons, the Company ceased to pay
                             remuneration to such senior management from the effective
                             date of the resignation.




                                                                                                        87
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (VI) Changes of Directors and Senior Management of the Company
                                                    Way of
           Name               Position              Change        Reason for change

           Zeng Qinghong      Chairman of the       Resignation   Retirement
                               Board and director
           Ding Hongxiang     Director              Resignation   Did not stand for re-election for
                                                                    the seventh session of the Board
                                                                    due to work arrangements
           Guan Dayuan        Director              Resignation   Did not stand for re-election for
                                                                    the seventh session of the Board
                                                                    due to work arrangements
           Zhou Kaiquan       Director              Assumption    Elected as a new non-executive
                                                     of office      director of the seventh session
                                                                    of the Board after the change of
                                                                    session of the Board
           Hong Suli          Director              Assumption    Elected as a new non-executive
                                                     of office      director of the seventh session
                                                                    of the Board after the change of
                                                                    session of the Board
           Chen Jiacai        Deputy General        Assumption    Change of session
                               Manager               of office
           Yan Zhuangli       Deputy General        Resignation   Personal reason
                               Manager
           Zheng Heng         Deputy General        Resignation   Personal reason
                               Manager
           Yu Jun             Deputy General        Resignation   Change of session
                               Manager




       (VII) Service Contracts of Directors
           None of the directors has entered into any service contract with the Company or any of its
           subsidiaries, which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of
           compensation (other than statutory compensation).




88
                                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



IV. DIRECTORS’ PERFORMANCE OF THEIR DUTIES

   (I)   Directors’ Attendance in Board Meetings and General Meetings
                                                                                   Board meeting(s)                                                    General
                                                  Mandatory                                                                                         meeting(s)
                                                  attendance
                                                    in Board                                                          Absent in
                                    Independent    meetings                                                           person for two                Attendance
                                    director          during   Attendance     Attendance by    Attendance             consecutive      Attendance    in general
         Name of directors          or not          the year    in person telecommunication      by proxy   Absence   times or not       required     meetings

         Feng Xingya                No                    24           24                20            0          0   No                       4             4
         Chen Xiaomu                No                    24           24                20            0          0   No                       4             4
         Deng Lei                   No                    24           24                20            0          0   No                       4             4
         Zhao Fuquan                Yes                   24           24                20            0          0   No                       4              1
         Xiao Shengfang             Yes                   24           24                20            0          0   No                       4              3
         Wong Hakkun                Yes                   24           24                20            0          0   No                       4             4
         Song Tiebo                 Yes                   24           24                21            0          0   No                       4              1
         Zhou Kaiquan (appointed
          on 28 March 2025)         No                    17           17                17            0          0   No                        3             1
         Wang Yiwei                 No                    24           24                21            0          0   No                       4              2
         Hong Suli (appointed on
          28 March 2025)            No                    17           17                15            0          0   No                        3             3
         Zeng Qinghong (resigned
          on 3 February 2025)       No                     2            2                 2            0          0   No                        1             1
         Ding Hongxiang (resigned
          on 28 March 2025)         No                     7            7                 7            0          0   No                        2            0
         Guan Dayuan (resigned
          on 28 March 2025)         No                     7            7                 6            0          0   No                        2            0


         Explanation on absence in person in Board meetings for two consecutive times
         □Applicable                ✓N/A


         Number of Board meetings held during the year                                                                                                      24
         Of which: Number of physical meetings                                                                                                                4
         Number of meetings held by remote means                                                                                                            20
         Number of meetings held by way of combination of both                                                                                                4




                                                                                                                                                                  89
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



         (II) Directors’ Objections to Relevant Matters of the Company
               □Applicable    ✓N/A


               Explanation of director’s objections to relevant matters of the Company
               □Applicable    ✓N/A



     V. SPECIAL COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

         (I)   Members of Special Committees of the Board
                                           Names of members of the                Names of members of the
               Types of committee          sixth session of the Board             seventh session of the Board

               Audit Committee             Wong Hakkun, Xiao Shengfang            Wong Hakkun, Xiao Shengfang
                                             and Song Tiebo                         and Song Tiebo
               Nomination Committee        Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and         Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo
                                             Ding Hongxiang                         and Zhou Kaiquan
               Remuneration and            Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and         Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo
                 Assessment                  Ding Hongxiang                         and Zhou Kaiquan
                 Committee
               Strategy Committee          Zeng Qinghong4, Feng Xingya,           Feng Xingya, Zhao Fuquan,
                                             Zhao Fuquan, Song Tiebo, Guan          Song Tiebo, Zhou Kaiquan
                                             Dayuan and Ding Hongxiang              and Hong Suli




     4   Mr. Zeng Qinghong ceased to serve as the chairman of the Board’s Strategy Committee on 3 February 2025. Mr.
         Feng Xingya was appointed as the new chairman of the Strategy Committee on 3 February 2025.
90
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(II) Nomination Committee’s Four Meetings during the Reporting
     Period
                                                                                          Other
                                                                                          performance
   Date           Contents                          Important opinions & advices          of duty

   6 March 2025   Deliberation regarding the        Following the “High-                  Nil
                   matters related to election of     Quality Development and
                   new session of the Board           Operating Performance
                                                      Appraisal Measures of
                                                      Legal Representatives of
                                                      Enterprises Governed by
                                                      State-owned Assets and
                                                      Administration Commission
                                                      of Guangzhou Municipal
                                                      Government” (廣州市國資委
                                                      監管企業負責人高質量發展經營
                                                      業績考核辦法) issued by the
                                                      higher state-owned assets
                                                      regulatory authorities, as well
                                                      as the relevant remuneration
                                                      management system
                                                      formulated by the Company,
                                                      if the employment or labor
                                                      relationship of a director
                                                      or senior management is
                                                      dismissed (terminated) due
                                                      to personal reasons (such as
                                                      dismissal for incompetence
                                                      in assessment or voluntary
                                                      resignation, but excluding
                                                      health reasons), the annual
                                                      performance-related pay
                                                      for that year shall not be
                                                      distributed. As at the end
                                                      of the reporting period, as
                                                      certain senior management
                                                      resigned from their positions
                                                      at the Company for personal
                                                      reasons, the Company
                                                      ceased to pay remuneration
                                                      to such senior management
                                                      from the effective date of the
                                                      resignation.
                                                                                                             91
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                             Other
                                                                                             performance
          Date               Contents                        Important opinions & advices    of duty

          5 November 2025    Deliberation regarding the      The Nomination Committee        Nil
                              matters related to the          was of the view that the
                              nomination of candidates for    selection and qualification
                              the general manager, chief      of the candidates were
                              financial officer and deputy    in compliance with the
                              general manager                 relevant requirements. The
                                                              Nomination Committee
                                                              approved the nomination
                                                              and agreed to submit the
                                                              same to the Board for
                                                              deliberation.
          26 November 2025   Deliberation regarding the      The Nomination Committee        Nil
                              matters related to the          was of the view that the
                              nomination of secretary to      selection and qualification
                              the Board, as well as the       of candidates for the
                              appointment and dismissal       secretary to the Board were
                              of relevant personnel           in compliance with the
                                                              relevant requirements. The
                                                              Nomination Committee
                                                              approved the nomination
                                                              and agreed to submit the
                                                              same to the Board for
                                                              deliberation.
          26 December 2025   Deliberation regarding          The Nomination Committee        Nil
                              amendments to the               agreed to the amendments
                              Implementation Rules of the     to the Implementation
                              Nomination Committee            Rules in accordance with
                                                              relevant laws, regulations
                                                              and regulatory requirements,
                                                              taking into account the
                                                              actual circumstances of the
                                                              Company.




92
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(III) Audit Committee’s Six Meetings during the Reporting Period
                                                                                               Other
                                                                                               performance
    Date               Contents                           Important opinions & advices         of duty

    24 February 2025   Deliberation of the 2024           The Audit Committee approved         Nil
                        Working Report on Risk             the 2024 Working Report
                        Management and the 2025            and the 2025 Work Plan and
                        Work Plan, the 2024 Working        agreed to submit the same
                        Report on Compliance               to the Board for deliberation.
                        Management and the 2025
                        Work Plan
    24 March 2025      Deliberation of the annual         The Audit Committee approved         Nil
                        report and its summary of          all the matters proposed at
                        2024, the profit distribution      the meeting for deliberation,
                        plan of 2024, the related          and agreed to submit the
                        party transactions concerning      same to the Board for
                        the financial services             deliberation.
                        business with related parties,
                        the financial report of 2024,
                        the connected transaction
                        report on H-Share of 2024,
                        the special report of deposit
                        and the actual utilisation of
                        proceeds raised, subsidiaries’
                        forward foreign exchange
                        trading, the internal control
                        evaluation report and audit
                        report of 2024, 2024 report
                        on the performance of
                        supervisory responsibilities of
                        the Board Audit Committee
                        over the accounting firm, the
                        report on the performance
                        of the Audit Committee of
                        the Board of 2024, the audit
                        work summary of 2024 and
                        the audit work plan of 2025




                                                                                                                  93
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                 Other
                                                                                                 performance
          Date              Contents                           Important opinions & advices      of duty

          22 April 2025     Deliberation of the 2025           The Audit Committee approved      Nil
                              First Quarterly Report,           all the matters proposed at
                              appointment of the Auditor        the meeting for deliberation,
                              for the 2025 A-Share and          and agreed to submit the
                              H-Share Financial Reports,        same to the Board for
                              the auditors in respect of        deliberation.
                              A-Share internal control and
                              amendments to the Articles
                              of Association
          26 August 2025    Deliberation of the interim        The Audit Committee approved      Nil
                              report of 2025, provision for     all the matters proposed at
                              asset impairment, the special     the meeting for deliberation,
                              report of deposit and the         and agreed to submit the
                              actual utilisation of proceeds    same to the Board for
                              raised for the first half of      deliberation.
                              2025, amendments to the
                              Implementation Rules of
                              the Audit Committee of the
                              Board, the licensing of non-
                              assurance services, internal
                              audit, internal control and
                              risk management for the first
                              half of 2025
          22 October 2025   Deliberation of the 2025 Third     The Audit Committee approved      Nil
                              Quarterly Report                  all the 2025 Third Quarterly
                                                                Report proposed at the
                                                                meeting for deliberation, and
                                                                agreed to submit the same
                                                                to the Board for deliberation.




94
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                              Other
                                                                                              performance
    Date               Contents                          Important opinions & advices         of duty

    5 November 2025    Deliberation of nominated chief   The Audit Committee was of           Nil
                         accountant (chief financial      the view that the selection
                         officer) candidates              and qualification of chief
                                                          accountant (chief financial
                                                          officer) candidates were
                                                          in compliance with the
                                                          relevant requirements. The
                                                          Nomination Committee
                                                          approved the nomination
                                                          and agreed to submit the
                                                          same to the Board for
                                                          deliberation.




(IV) Strategy Committee’s Two Meetings during the Reporting Period
                                                                                              Other
                                                                                              performance
    Date               Contents                          Important opinions & advices         of duty

    27 March 2025      Deliberation of the 2024          The Strategy Committee               Nil
                         Annual Social Responsibility/    approved all the reports
                         Social Value/ESG Report for      proposed for deliberation,
                         GAC Group                        and agreed to submit the
                                                          same to the Board for
                                                          deliberation.
    25 November 2025   Deliberation of the outline       The Strategy Committee               Nil
                         of the “15th Five-year”          approved the plans proposed
                         development plan                 for deliberation, and agreed
                         (2026-2030) and overall          to submit the same to the
                         development plan for self-       Board for deliberation.
                         developed brands of the
                         “15th Five-Year” (2026-2030)




                                                                                                                 95
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (V) Remuneration and Assessment Committee’s Three Meetings during
           the Reporting Period
                                                                                                  Other
                                                                                                  performance
          Date                Contents                          Important opinions & advices      of duty

          17 March 2025       Performance appraisal of          According to the relevant         Nil
                                professional managers and         requirements of the
                                non-professional manager          Administrative Measures
                                leaders within the Group for      for Salary Assessment of
                                2024 and the 2022-2024 term       Professional Managers and
                                                                  the Administrative Measures
                                                                  for Salary Assessment of
                                                                  Non-professional Manager
                                                                  Leaders, as well as the
                                                                  operating performance for
                                                                  2024 and the completion
                                                                  status of business
                                                                  targets during the term,
                                                                  the Remuneration and
                                                                  Assessment Committee
                                                                  formulated a remuneration
                                                                  plan for related personnel.
                                                                  The plan would be
                                                                  implemented after the
                                                                  approval of the Board.
          16 June 2025        Deliberation of the adjustment    The Remuneration and              Nil
                               of the exercise price of share     Assessment Committee
                               options under the Fourth           approved to concurrently
                               Share Option Incentive             adjust the exercise price of
                               Scheme                             share options based on the
                                                                  relevant requirements of the
                                                                  Company’s profit distribution
                                                                  plans and incentive scheme.
          12 September 2025   Revision of the Administrative    The Remuneration and              Nil
                                Measures for Salary               Assessment Committee
                                Assessment of Professional        approved to revise the
                                Managers                          Administrative Measures
                                                                  for Salary Assessment of
                                                                  Professional Managers
                                                                  based on the Company’s
                                                                  development needs.



96
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



  (VI) Details of Any Objections
        □Applicable       ✓N/A



VI. EXPLANATION ON RISKS OF THE COMPANY DETECTED BY
    THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
  The Audit Committee has no objection to the supervision matters during the reporting period.



VII. EMPLOYEE INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY AND MAJOR
     SUBSIDIARIES

  (I)   Employees
        Number of existing employees at the group level                                                    334
        Number of existing employees of major subsidiaries                                              81,733
        Total number of existing employees                                                             82,067
        Number of employees resigned or retired the pensions of
         which the parent company and major subsidiaries had to be
         responsible for                                                                                   415
                                          Professional composition
        Category of professional composition                                      Number of employees
        Production personnel                                                                           49,454
        Salesperson                                                                                      5,937
        Technician                                                                                      14,350
        Financial staff                                                                                  1,450
        Administrative staff                                                                             4,333
        Finance and insurance staff                                                                      1,307
        Others                                                                                           5,236
        Total                                                                                         82,067
                                               Education level
        Category of education level                                               Number of employees
        Doctorate                                                                                          150
        Master’s degree                                                                                  5,277
        Undergraduate (including double bachelor’s degree)                                              21,548
        College graduate                                                                                16,564
        Secondary and below                                                                            38,528
        Total                                                                                         82,067


        Note: Employee information includes employees of joint ventures and associates.




                                                                                                                    97
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (II) Remuneration Policy
           In terms of remuneration allocation mechanism, the Group adopted a comprehensive
           approach that took into account industry characteristics, operating performance and the
           current remuneration levels of its employees, and guided its subsidiaries to continuously
           optimise their remuneration allocation systems. The Group ensured that the remuneration
           remains competitive in the market. By studying market remuneration data and conducting
           industry benchmarking, the Group regularly assessed and adjusted remuneration levels to
           ensure that they could provide an effective incentive in talent retention.


           The Group advocated the implementation of performance-linked remuneration policy
           and continuously improved the corporate performance appraisal mechanism, individual
           performance evaluation system, and employee promotion mechanisms, aiming to establish a
           remuneration and performance management framework that provided both incentives and
           restraints.


           The Group continued to deepen the reform of the three institutional systems, focusing on
           achieving the “three flexibility” objectives. The Group also promoted the contracting reform
           over the tenure system to empower the executive promotion or demotion. The Group refined
           a linkage mechanism between employee’s remuneration and the Company’s performance
           and widened the income distribution gap in a rational manner to achieve the flexible
           fluctuation of revenue. The Group also strengthened the overall management of labour
           productivity indicators and reinforced the termination of incompetent personnel to achieve
           dynamic officeholding.



       (III) Training Program
           During the reporting period, the Group focused on implementing key training programs,
           such as IPD, working methods with GAC’s characteristics, AI empowerment, party-building
           education, product general managers, international talent development and campus recruits
           for new employees, aligning with the Company’s strategic transformation and employees’
           development needs. The Group enhanced its efforts in developing online courses and
           cultivating internal trainers, advanced the construction of platforms such as craftsman
           academies to further improve training efficiency and effectiveness. Throughout the year, the
           cumulative number of participants in training programs exceeded 900,000.




98
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    In 2026, the Group will further focus on themes such as deepening reforms and innovation-
    driven transformation, the integration of party building and businesses, product development
    and technological innovation, and brand marketing and market expansion. Key initiatives
    will include training programs on IPMS/IPD/DSTE trainings, as well as the development of
    management cadres, professional and technical talents. The Group will build an intelligent
    and integrated learning platform, systematically enrich trainers and course resources,
    promote the construction of the national high-skilled personnel training base, innovate the
    operation of the craftsman academies, and deepen industry-education collaboration with
    universities. These efforts are aimed at continuously building a diversified talent development
    system to provide talent support for the Group’s high-quality development. The Group plans
    to provide trainings for 920,000 individuals in 2026.



(IV) Labour Outsourcing
    Total working hours of labour outsourcing                                                    13,937,600
    Total remuneration paid for labour outsourcing(RMB0'000)                                       80,115.56


    Note: including joint ventures and associated enterprises of the Company.



(V) Production Safety
    Under the guidance of the competent authorities at all levels, the Group consistently upheld
    the philosophy of “To address problems on both symptoms and root causes by giving priority
    to people and safety, so as to achieve a scientific development” in 2025. On the basis of
    refining the safety production responsibility system and regulatory framework system with
    the intensified implementation of double prevention as the core and the safety production
    management targets as the foothold, the Group earnestly performed the main responsibility
    of enterprises for production safety and investment. In accordance with the work procedures
    of supervision, guidance and service, the Group will continue to promote the strict
    implementation of the main responsibility of safety production by all investment enterprises,
    and promote the synchronisation of enterprise safety production management and business
    development. During the reporting period, the Group and each investment enterprise had
    experienced no major (or above) safety production accidents, and its production safety
    remained generally stable and was in an orderly manner.




                                                                                                                 99
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



            In 2026, the Group will improve and implement the production safety responsibility system
            in accordance with the laws and regulations. The Group will strengthen the standardization
            of production safety and strictly implement its main responsibilities of production safety,
            focusing on the plan for regulating production safety targets and taking the management
            on production safety responsibility targets as the foothold. The Group will implement the
            three-year action plan for addressing the root causes of production safety issues, strengthen
            the hierarchical management and control of safety risks as well as the investigation and
            management of hidden dangers to iterate digital application of production safety and
            promote the synchronisation of production safety management of enterprises and business
            development, with a view to preventing the occurrence of major production safety accidents
            and ensuring the tasks in respect of production safety target controls are met.



  VIII. PROPOSED PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN OR CONVERSION OF
        CAPITAL RESERVES

      (I)   Formulation, Implementation and Adjustments of Cash Dividend
            Policy
            During the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the requirements of the
            Articles of Association and the Dividend Distribution Plans for Shareholders (2024-2026) of
            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. During the reporting period, profit distribution plans
            for the year of 2024 were implemented, among which the criteria and proportion of cash
            dividend were clear, and the related decision making procedures and mechanisms were
            complete and in compliance with the regulations. Independent directors performed their
            duties diligently and expressed their independent opinions.


            In accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the Dividend Distribution Plans for
            Shareholders (2024-2026) of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd., given that the Company
            realised a net loss in 2025, in order to safeguard the normal production and operation of the
            Company and better protect the long-term interests of all shareholders, after comprehensive
            consideration of the Company’s long-term development and short-term operational needs,
            no profit distribution will be made for the current year, nor will there be any transfer from
            capital surplus to paid-in capital, or other forms of distribution.




100
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     (II) Reserves Available for Distribution to Shareholders
           According to the Articles of Association, the distributable reserves of the Company are based
           on the profit after taxation determined pursuant to the generally accepted accounting
           principles of the PRC and Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (whichever is lower).
           As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders
           amounted to RMB51,651,487,000 (2024: RMB50,226,252,000).



IX. APPRAISAL MECHANISM FOR SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND
    THE ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INCENTIVE
    MECHANISM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
     The Company formulated and continuously consummated the Administrative Measures for Salary
     Assessment of Professional Managers, which improved the appraisal mechanism as well as the
     mid and long-term incentive mechanism for senior management. During the reporting period,
     according to the progress of implementation of annual performance contract signed with senior
     management, the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board conducted an annual
     appraisal for the senior management, and the resolution in respect of the appraisal results was
     considered and approved by the Board.



X.   CONSTRUCTION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INTERNAL
     CONTROL SYSTEM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
     The Group has formulated regulations and systems such as the Internal Control Management
     Manual and the Administrative Measures for the Reporting of Major Operational Risk Events and
     other systems in accordance with the Basic Principles for Internal Control of Enterprises and the
     Implementation Opinions on Strengthening the Construction and Supervision of the Internal
     Control System of Central State-owned Enterprises, and has further promoted the Company’s
     internal audit work for standardisation, routinisation and normalisation. The Company’s internal
     control is risk management-oriented with a focus on compliance management and supervision,
     and follows the basic principles of “comprehensiveness, materiality, checks and balances,
     adaptability, and cost-effectiveness” to establish and constantly improve a comprehensive and
     effective internal control system covering all business areas, departments and positions, as well as
     subsidiaries at all levels.


     Explanation on material deficiencies in internal control during the reporting period

     □Applicable     ✓N/A




                                                                                                              101
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



  XI. SELF-EVALUATION REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL

      (I)   Risk Management and Internal Control
            The Company has established a risk management framework under which the Board is
            in charge of its overall management, the audit department is responsible for audit and
            internal control matters, and the risk control department is responsible for routine risk
            prevention and control matters. The digital audit model revolves around “overall analysis,
            regular forewarning, discovery of doubts, and precise positioning”, through which a digital
            platform for audit management and big data analysis is established to promote the
            auditorial standardisation and formalisation. This framework assists the Group in identifying
            and preventing different risks (including environmental, social and governance risks), so as
            to manage rather than passively eliminate the risks of failing to achieve business objectives,
            thereby proactively promoting the Group’s stable operations. The risk control department
            prepares the Group’s annual risk management report with reference to the annual risk
            management reports of each investment company and taking into account the risk
            identification, assessment, analysis, and response of each department under the Group. Upon
            approval by the Company’s management, the annual risk management report is submitted
            to the Audit Committee of the Board for review prior to the deliberation by the Board.


            The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control system, and has
            conducted a review at least once a year on the effectiveness of the internal control system of
            the Company and its subsidiaries during the reporting period. The review covered the scope
            and quality of the systems, and also covered all significant control aspects, including financial
            control, operational control and compliance control. During the reporting period, the Board
            did not find any material drawbacks and major defects in the internal control, and considered
            that such systems (including procedures relating to financial reporting and compliance with
            the requirements of the Listing Rules) were effective and adequate.


            The Board also believes that the resources, staff qualifications and experience of the
            Company in terms of accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions and ESG
            related performance and reporting, as well as the training courses and related budgets
            received by the staff are adequate.




102
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025




                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



   (II) Whistle-blowing policy and system
            The Group has formulated the Working Measures for Disciplinary Supervision, Petition and
            Reporting, which clarifies the responsibilities of the disciplinary supervision department
            for accepting reports, stipulates the procedures for accepting, handling and settling the
            petition complaints together with its completion time, and promotes the standardisation,
            legalisation and datafication of petition reports. The Group focuses on protecting the rights
            and interests of whistle-blowers, and stipulates in the Prosecution and Accusation Guide
            that the personal information of whistle-blowers and the contents of reports shall be kept
            strictly confidential. The relevant system also allows anonymous reporting. The Group has
            continuously upgraded the digital platform for disciplinary inspection and supervision, and
            optimised the sub-module of “online reporting”. After the whistle-blower reports the relevant
            situation through the system, only the staff member that accepts the report can access the
            relevant content. After the report is accepted, it will be reviewed by the person in charge of
            disciplinary inspection and supervision, and then assigned to the relevant designated person
            for handling, all of whom are independent of the Group, thereby effectively protecting the
            safety and privacy of the whistle-blower.



   (III) Anti-corruption policy
            The Group is committed to establishing a sound incorruptible employment system for
            combating corruption and upholding integrity, ensuring the internal and external reporting
            channels are smooth, and promoting the construction of a more transparent, efficient,
            objective and unprejudiced business environment. The Group has formulated certain rules
            and regulations such as the Code of Conduct on Integrity Practice of the Headquarter
            Employees and the Measures for Disciplinary Inspection and Supervision, which strictly
            implements the Company’s anti-corruption management system, and create a cultural
            atmosphere of integrity of “not daring to be corrupt, not being able to be corrupt, not
            wanting to be corrupt” within the Group.



XII. DETAILS ON THE REVIEW REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
     MECHANISM
   The Company engaged ShineWing Certified Public Accountants for independent review of
   effectiveness of its internal control in 2025, which issued an opinion that “the internal control of
   the financial reporting of the Company was in compliance with the Basic Principles for Internal
   Control of Enterprises and relevant requirements and was effective in all material aspects as at
   31 December 2025” (for full text of the review report, please refer to the announcement disclosed
   on the website of the Stock Exchange in form of overseas regulatory announcement on 27 March
   2026).




                                                                                                               103
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



  XIII. DIVIDEND POLICY
      Since 2012, the Company has formulated dividend distribution plans for Shareholders, which have
      been strictly implemented. To further improve the scientific, continuous and stable dividend
      distribution decisions and supervisory mechanism of the Company for higher transparency and
      practicability of profit distribution decisions, and to give guidance to investors to establish a
      concept of long-term and rational investment, pursuant to the “Regulatory Guidelines for Listed
      Companies No. 3 – Cash Dividends Distribution of Listed Companies (Revised in 2023)” issued
      by the CSRC (Securities Regulatory Commission Issue [2023] No. 61) and the requirements of
      the Company’s dividend distribution policy set out in the Articles of Association, the Board has
      formulated the “Dividend Distribution Plan for Shareholders (2024-2026)” (the “Distribution Plan”),
      specific details of which are as follows:



      1.    Factors Considered by the Company in Formulating the
            Distribution Plan
            The Company focuses on long term and sustainable development. After considering factors
            such as the profitability, operation planning, returns for shareholders, capital requirement for
            investment in future projects, social capital costs and financing environment, a continuous,
            stable and scientific distribution plan and mechanism for the investors are to be established,
            so that a systematic arrangement can be made for profit distribution in order to ensure
            continuity and stability of the profit distribution policy.



      2.    The Principle of the Distribution Plan Formulation
            The formulation of the Distribution Plan shall conform with the relevant national laws
            and regulations and the relevant provisions relating to profit distribution in the Articles of
            Association. The Company shall focus on stable and reasonable returns to the investors
            while at the same time fully consider the actual operation and sustainable development of
            the Company. On the basis of giving full consideration to the interests of shareholders and
            managing the relationship between short-term interests and long-term development of
            the Company, the Company shall determine a reasonable profit distribution proposal, and
            pursuant to which, formulate a plan to implement the profit distribution policy in a certain
            period to ensure continuity and stability of the profit distribution policy.




104
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



3.   The Frequency of the Distribution Plan Formulation and Relevant
     Decision-Making Mechanism
     The Board shall formulate the Distribution Plan in accordance with the profit distribution
     policy stipulated in the Articles of Association. In the event that the Company needs to
     adjust the profit distribution policy due to the significant changes in the external operating
     environment and its internal operating conditions, the protection of the interest of
     shareholders (especially the public shareholders) shall be of the first priority and detailed
     argumentation and reasons shall be given. Further, detailed explanation regarding the
     adjustments of the dividend distribution policy shall be given in the regular report of the
     Company with stringent implementation of the decision making procedures. The Board shall
     ensure that the Distribution Plan will be reviewed every three years in order to ensure the
     content of the Distribution Plan conforms with the profit distribution policy as stipulated in
     the Articles of Association.



4.   The Distribution Plan to Shareholders of the Company from 2024
     to 2026
     (a)   The Company may distribute profits by cash, shares, and combination of cash and
           shares.


     (b)   The Company shall give priority to profit distribution by way of cash, i.e. profit
           distribution shall be made in the form of cash dividends if the cash dividend conditions
           subsist.


     (c)   According to the laws and regulations in the Company Law and the provisions in the
           Articles of Association, provided that the profit and cash of the Company are able to
           fulfill the needs for continuous operation and long term development of the Company,
           the profit distributed in cash in each of the years between 2024 to 2026 shall be no less
           than 10% of the distributable profit realised in such year, whereas the cumulative profit
           distributed in cash for these three consecutive years shall be no less than 30% of the
           average distributable profits realised in such three years.


     (d)   In principle, cash dividends shall be distributed by the Company annually from 2024
           to 2026. The Board may propose to distribute interim cash dividend(s) based on the
           profitability and the capital requirements of the Company.


     (e)   From 2024 to 2026, depending on the cumulative distributable profits, reserves and
           the condition of cash flow, the Company may distribute profits by way of shares to
           match share capital expansion with business growth provided that the minimum
           cash dividend payout ratio and a reasonable scale of share capital of the Company are
           maintained.


                                                                                                            105
       Chapter 5

      REPORT OF THE
      DIRECTORS
  The Board is pleased to submit the report of the directors together with the audited consolidated
  financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.



  DIRECTORS
  The details of the directors of the Company for the year are set out in the paragraph titled “III. Profiles of
  Directors and Senior Management – (I) Particulars About Changes in the Shareholding and Remuneration
  of Incumbent and Resigned Directors and Senior Management during the Reporting Period” under
  Chapter 4 – “Corporate Governance” of this report. Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



  PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
  Information of the principal activities of the Company for the year is set out in Chapter 2 – “Corporate
  Profile and Summary of Business” of this report. Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



  PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
  The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance for its directors and relevant management
  personnel during the reporting period. The permitted indemnity provisions were in force for the benefit
  of the directors and relevant management personnel of the Company during the reporting period.



  MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
  No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
  business of the Company was entered into during the year.



  BUSINESS REVIEW

  1.    Business Performance, Principal Risks and Uncertainties and Future
        Development
        The discussion on the business performance, principal risks and uncertainties and future
        development of the Group, as well as the analysis of financial key performance indicators of the
        Group are set out in Chapter 3 – “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report. Such section
        forms part of this report of the directors.




106
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025




                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



2.   Significant Events Subsequent to the Reporting Period
     APPOINTMENT OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the Board shall consist of 11 directors. During the reporting
     period, the seventh session of the Board comprised 10 directors, with vacancy for one director. On
     23 January 2026, Mr. Xia Xianqing was appointed as an executive director, with his term of office
     commencing from the same date and until the expiry of the seventh session of the Board. For
     details, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 7 January 2026 and the announcement dated
     23 January 2026.


     PARTIAL DISPOSAL OF EQUITY INTERESTS IN AN INVESTEE COMPANY
     On 31 March 2026, UPOWER Energy, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into
     the agreement with GAIG to sell its 12% equity interest in Xinjiang Kunlun Blue Diamond Mining
     Development Co., Ltd. (新 疆 昆 侖 藍 鑽 礦 業 開 發 有 限 責 任 公 司) (the “Target Company”) to GAIG at a
     consideration of approximately RMB1.92 billion (the “Disposal”). On that date, the Group indirectly
     holds 20% equity interest in the Target Company through UPOWER Energy. Upon completion
     of the Disposal, GAIG will become a shareholder of the Target Company with 12% direct equity
     interest, while the Company’s indirect equity interest in the Target Company will decrease from
     20% to 8%.


     On the date of the Disposal, GAIG is the controlling shareholder of the Company, holding
     approximately 54.02% of the Company’s equity interest, and therefore a connected person of the
     Company. Accordingly, the Disposal contemplated under the agreement constitutes a connected
     transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the highest applicable
     percentage ratio (as defined in the Listing Rules) exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, according to
     Rule 14A.76(2)(a) of the Listing Rules, the Disposal is subject to the reporting and announcement
     requirements, but is exempted from the circular (including independent financial advice) and
     independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For
     details, please refer to the announcement dated 31 March 2026 of the Company.


     Save as disclosed above, there were no important events affecting the Company and its subsidiaries
     which have occurred since the end of the year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                               107
  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



  3.   Environmental Policies and Performance
       The Group always adheres to the development concept of green development, energy
       conservation and emission reduction and considers environmental protection as an important
       task for enterprises. The Group strictly complies with various environmental laws and regulations,
       adheres to the scientific development concept as guidance, strengthens the responsibility
       system for environmental protection targets, and increases efforts in energy conservation and
       emission reduction, actively promotes energy conservation and emission reduction from technical
       innovation, production organisation and daily management. The environmental protection facilities
       are in normal, stable and continuous operation with satisfactory treatment results. No major
       environmental pollution incidents occurred.


       The Group strictly abides by various environmental protection laws and regulations stipulated
       by the Government and strictly controls all kinds of pollutants generated. The Group strictly
       implements the environmental impact assessment system and the “Three Simultaneous” system
       during the project construction (the environmental protection facilities must be designed,
       constructed and commenced operation with the construction project simultaneously).


       In order to conscientiously implement the national environmental protection and safety laws
       and regulations, ensure timely control after unexpected environmental incidents, prevent the
       spread and pollution of major accidents, effectively organise post-incident relief and rescue, and
       protect the personal safety of employees and the safety of the Company’s properties, pursuant
       to the relevant documents such as the National Environmental Emergency Plan, and the actual
       situation of the enterprise, in line with the principle of “focus on prevention, focus on self-help,
       unified command, division of labour”, the Group has prepared corresponding emergency plans
       for unexpected environmental incidents, and notified the relevant environmental protection
       departments. The Group organises regular publicity and training within the enterprise and
       annual emergency drills and reviews which would improve the ability of enterprises to respond
       to unexpected environmental pollution accidents and prevent and control the occurrence of
       environmental pollution accidents effectively.


       In order to consciously fulfill the obligations to environmental protection, the Group actively
       accepts social supervision, and develops self-monitoring programs in accordance with the
       requirements of national construction regulations and standards. All the monitoring results have
       met the standard.



  4.   Laws and Regulations that have a Significant Impact on the Company
       The Company strictly complies with domestic and overseas laws and regulations and industrial
       standards such as the Listing Rules, the SSE Listing Rules, the SFO, the Company Law, the
       Securities Law and the Regulations on the Supervision and Administration of Securities Companies.




108
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



5.    Key Relationships
      Information regarding the Company’s key relationships with its employees, customers and
      suppliers is set out in the paragraph titled “Employee Information of the Company and Major
      Subsidiaries” under Chapter 4 – “Corporate Governance” and in the paragraphs titled “Sales to
      major customers” and “Major suppliers” under Chapter 3 – “Management Discussion and Analysis”
      of this report.



INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS
Save as disclosed in the sections titled “III. Profiles of Directors and Senior Management” under Chapter 4
– “Corporate Governance” and “X. Share Option Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or
Other Staff Incentive Schemes of the Company and Their Impacts Thereof” under Chapter 7 – “Significant
Events” of this report, during the period and at the end of the Company’s financial year, there were
no arrangements whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable directors of the Company to
acquire benefits in shares or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.



DONATIONS
On 5 December 2025, the Group donated HK$6 million to support post-disaster reconstruction in
the area affected by the fire at Wang Fuk Court in Tai Po, Hong Kong. For details, please refer to the
announcement disclosed by the Company on the website of the Stock Exchange (in the form of overseas
regulatory announcement) on 5 December 2025.


Save as disclosed above, details of charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year
are set out in the section titled “III. Details on Performance of Consolidation of Antipoverty Achievements
and Rural Revitalisation” under Chapter 6 – “Environmental and Social Responsibility” of this report and
the full text of 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report disclosed on the website of the Stock
Exchange on 28 April 2026.



ISSUE OF SHARES
Pursuant to the “Resolution on the Share Repurchase Plan through Centralised Bidding” which was
passed by Shareholders at the 2023 annual general meeting held on 20 May 2024, the Company may
make on-market repurchases of in total not more than 738,828,395 A Shares and 309,862,030 H Shares
at the then current market prices on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Stock Exchange respectively
during the relevant period (the “Repurchase Mandate”). The repurchase period for A shares and H shares
under the Repurchase Mandate has expired at the 2024 annual general meeting held on 23 May 2025.




                                                                                                                109
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



      The monthly distribution of Shares repurchased under the Repurchase Mandate by the Company during
      the reporting period is as follows:


                                     A Shares (on-market repurchase                                   H Shares (on-market repurchase
      2025                           on the Shanghai Stock Exchange)                                     on the Stock Exchange)
                                                                              Total                                                           Total
                                                                        repurchase                                                     repurchase
                                                                       value (RMB)                                                     value (HKD)
                        Number                                         (transaction        Number                                      (transaction
                       of Shares      Highest price   Lowest price             fees      of Shares     Highest price   Lowest price           fees
      Month         repurchased              (RMB)          (RMB)        exclusive)    repurchased            (HKD)          (HKD)       exclusive)

      January                   0*                –              –                 –    24,496,000#             3.16           3.02      75,785,420
      February                  0                 –              –                 –             0                 –              –               –
      March                     0                 –              –                 –             0                 –              –               –
      April             1,288,404              7.79           7.73      9,999,365.48             0                 –              –               –
      May                       0                 –              –                 –             0                 –              –               –
      June                   N/A                  –              –                 –           N/A                 –              –               –
      July                   N/A                  –              –                 –           N/A                 –              –               –
      August                 N/A                  –              –                 –           N/A                 –              –               –
      September              N/A                  –              –                 –           N/A                 –              –               –
      October                N/A                  –              –                 –           N/A                 –              –               –
      November               N/A                  –              –                 –           N/A                 –              –               –
      December               N/A                  –              –                 –           N/A                 –              –               –
      Total            1,288,404               7.79           7.73     9,999,365.48     24,496,000              3.16           3.02     75,785,420



      *         As the 2020 A Share option and restricted Share incentive scheme failed to meet the performance conditions

                for the third unlocking period, the Company repurchased and cancelled 26,048,350 restricted A Shares

                previously granted on 16 January 2025. However, such repurchase was made by the Company directly from the

                relevant scheme participants, rather than in accordance with the Repurchase Mandate.



      #         On 14 January 2025, 22 January 2025 and 23 January 2025, the Company repurchased 8,090,000 H Shares,

                8,160,000 H Shares and 8,246,000 H shares respectively, with a total repurchase of 24,496,000 H Shares in

                January 2025.




110
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



To sum up, as of 31 December 2025, through centralised bidding, a total of 1,288,404 A Shares were
repurchased at the aggregate consideration of RMB9,999,365.48 (excluding transaction fees), and the
Company had an increase of 1,288,404 A Shares as its treasury Shares. Meanwhile, a total of 24,496,000 H
Shares were repurchased at the aggregate consideration of HK$75,785,420 (excluding transaction fees).
A total of 118,404,000 H Shares repurchased during the period from 4 December 2024 to 23 January
2025 (including the repurchased H Shares shown in the table above) were fully cancelled on 27 February
2025. As at 31 December 2025, the Company held 14,799,854 A Shares as treasury Shares. Pursuant to
the share repurchase scheme disclosed by the Company through centralised bidding on 28 March
2024, the A Shares repurchased by the Company are intended to be used for the implementation of
share option incentive scheme or employee stock ownership scheme. Should the Company fail to utilise
the repurchased shares within 36 months after the completion of the share repurchase, the unused
repurchased shares will be cancelled.


Save as disclosed above, the Company and its subsidiaries have not redeemed any of its listed securities
during the reporting period. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of
the listed securities of the Company during the year.



ISSUE OF DEBENTURES, BONDS AND OTHER DEBT SECURITIES
The Company held the 10th meeting of the seventh session of the Board and the 2025 third extraordinary
general meeting on 12 September 2025 and 30 September 2025, respectively, at which the Resolution
on the Company’s Proposed Issuance of Medium-term Notes was considered and approved, approving
the Company’s application for the issuance of medium-term notes of not more than RMB15 billion
(inclusive) with the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (“NAFMII”). On 10
November 2025, the Company received the Notice for Acceptance of Registration issued by the NAFMII
that the registration of the technology innovation bonds of the Company was accepted, with a registered
amount of RMB15 billion, and the registered amount shall be valid for a period of 2 years from the date
of the notice. On 15 December 2025, the Company completed the issuance of the 2025 first tranche
green technology innovation bonds, with an issuance scale of RMB2 billion, a term of 3 years, and an
annual coupon rate of 1.8%. The Company completed the issuance of four tranches of green technology
innovation bonds with an aggregate principal amount of RMB11 billion on 16 January, 23 January, 17
March, and 25 March 2026. Among these, RMB3 billion has a term of five years, and RMB8 billion has
a term of three years. The annual coupon rates range from 1.77% to 1.99%. For details, please refer to
the relevant announcements disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange in the form of overseas
regulatory announcement on 14 November and 16 December 2025, 19 January, 26 January, 18 March and
26 March 2026.



EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
No equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the year. For the information of
the equity-linked agreements entered into by the Company in prior financial years, please refer to the
paragraph titled “X. Share Option Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other staff
Incentive Schemes of the Company and the Impacts Thereof” under Chapter 7 – “Significant Events” of
this report.
                                                                                                                  111
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



      DIVIDENDS
      During the year, no interim dividend was distributed (2024: RMB0.03 (tax inclusive), approximately
      RMB310,455,251). The Board did not recommend to distribute the final dividend for the year ended 31
      December 2025 (2024: RMB0.02 per share (tax inclusive), approximately RMB203,671,089).


      The Company has confirmed that all decisions made by the directors regarding dividends are in
      compliance with the dividend policy. As audited by the Company’s auditor, the Group recorded a loss
      of approximately RMB8.784 billion for 2025. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the
      Articles of Association and the Dividend Distribution Plans for Shareholders (2024-2026), and given that
      a net loss was incurred for the year, no profit distribution will be made for the current year, nor will there
      be any transfer from capital surplus to paid-in capital or any other form of distribution for the current
      year, in order to safeguard the normal production and operation of the Company and to better protect
      the long-term interests of all shareholders, taking into account the long-term development and short-
      term operational needs of the Company. The Company will actively enhance its development quality and
      improve profitability, and will strive to create and provide stable and sustainable returns for investors.



      REASONS FOR RESIGNATION
      Mr. Zeng Qinghong (“Mr. Zeng”) ceased to serve as chairman of the Board, director, the chairman and
      member of the Strategy Committee and authorised representative of the Company with effect from 3
      February 2025 due to reaching the retirement age. Mr. Zeng confirmed that he has no disagreement
      with the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the Company, and there are no other matters in respect
      of his resignation that need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company. Mr.
      Feng Xingya has been appointed as the new Chairman of the Board and the chairman of the Strategy
      Committee of the Company since 3 February 2025. On the same date, he took over as the authorised
      representative of the Company.


      On 28 March 2025, Mr. Ding Hongxiang (“Mr. Ding”) and Mr. Guan Dayuan (“Mr. Guan”) did not stand for
      re-election to the seventh session of the Board due to work reasons and therefore they ceased to act as
      non-executive directors, with Mr. Ding ceasing to act as a member of the Remuneration and Assessment
      Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee of the Board and Mr. Guan
      ceasing to act as a member of the Strategy Committee of the Board. They confirmed that they have
      no disagreement with the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the Company and there are no other
      matters concerning their retirement that the shareholders need to be informed of. On the same day, Mr.
      Zhou Kaiquan (“Mr. Zhou’”) and Ms. Hong Suli (“Ms. Hong”) were elected as non-executive directors of the
      seventh session of the Board of the Company, of which Mr. Zhou has been appointed as a member of the
      Remuneration and Assessment Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee of
      the Board and Ms. Hong has been appointed as a member of the Strategy Committee.




112
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



CHANGE OF AGENT FOR THE SERVICE OF PROCESS IN HONG
KONG
With effect from 20 June 2025, Ms. He Dan was appointed to replace Mr. Gao Feng to act as the agent
of the Company for accepting service of process and notices for and on behalf of the Company in Hong
Kong under Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and Rule
19A.13(2) of Listing Rules.



DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS THAT ARE SIGNIFICANT IN
RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS
No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director and a connected entity of a
director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any
time during the year.



MATERIAL CONTRACTS
Save as disclosed in this report, no material contracts were entered into between the Company or its
subsidiaries and the controlling shareholders or its subsidiaries, nor were there any material contracts
under which the controlling shareholders or its subsidiaries provided services to the Company or its
subsidiaries.



TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to Shareholders by reason of their
holdings in the shares.


                                                                         By order of the Board
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Feng Xingya
                                                                               Chairman


Guangzhou, the PRC, 27 March 2026.




                                                                                                                    113
           Chapter 6

       ENVIRONMENTAL AND
       SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
      I.    ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
            The Company and every enterprise strictly abided by environmental protection laws and
            regulations, and endeavoured to implement the concept of environmental protection and green
            development in multiple dimensions based on industry characteristics, in order to co-construct a
            green, low-carbon and eco-friendly environment.


            (1)   In the field of products, the Company continuously accelerated the launch of more new
                  energy vehicle models, considerably reducing fuel consumption and exhaust emissions per
                  vehicle;


            (2)   In the field of production, the Company accelerated the advancement of innovative
                  technologies, adopted greener and more energy-efficient facilities, and introduced more
                  advanced technologies to reduce energy consumption;


            (3)   In the field of energy, various enterprises used clean energy to replace the original choices,
                  and developed solar power generation with tremendous efforts through proactively making
                  use of resources in our factories so as to boost the “green electricity” share in the production
                  link;


            (4)   In the field of supply chain, the Company put forward requirements for environmental
                  protection, energy conservation and emission reduction towards suppliers along the whole
                  supply chain, conducted assessments on suppliers’ green and low-carbon management and
                  encouraged suppliers to obtain environmental system certification; and


            (5)   In the field of public and employees, the Company actively carried out various advertising
                  activities for environmental protection and pollution control in order to raise environmental
                  protection awareness and build a green homeland together.


            The Group always adheres to the development concept of green environmental protection, energy
            conservation and emission reduction, and strictly complies with various environmental laws
            and regulations. During the reporting period, the environmental protection facilities of investee
            enterprises are in normal, stable and continuous operation with satisfactory treatment results. No
            major environmental pollution incidents occurred. For details about the policies and measures on
            the environmental protection of the Group, please refer to the full text of the 2025 Environmental,
            Social and Governance Report disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange on 28 April 2026.




114
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                      ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



II.   FULFILLMENT OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
      With the goal of “developing into a public company trusted by the society”, the Group always
      advocates green culture, builds a green supply chain, develops green offices, realises sustainable
      development and actively performs social responsibility.


      For details about the fulfillment of social responsibilities by the Group, please refer to the full text of
      the 2025 Sustainability Report disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange (in form of overseas
      regulatory announcement) on 27 March 2026.



III. D E T A I L S O N P E R F O R M A N C E O F C O N S O L I D A T I O N O F
     ANTIPOVERTY ACHIEVEMENTS AND RURAL REVITALISATION
      In 2025, GAC Group, with a focus on effective connection between performance of consolidation
      of antipoverty achievements and rural revitalization, invested a total of over RMB5.65 million for
      assistance funds throughout the year, and achieved positive progress in all areas of work.


      1.    Comprehensively advancing town-based assistance and village support within
            the Guangdong Province. In Dongshi Town, Pingyuan County, Meizhou City, the Group
            continued to deepen its five-year assistance plan, investing a total of RMB3.76 million for
            assistance funds throughout the year and implementing 32 projects at both the town and
            village levels. These projects cover areas such as industrial upgrading and infrastructure
            improvement, with effectively consolidating antipoverty achievements through dynamic
            monitoring. In Heyun Town, Qingxin District, Qingyuan City, the Group focused on
            developing the “Heyun Xiangwang” aromatic industry project, which planned 18 products
            across three major product lines of lifestyle, product promotion and cultural and creative
            goods, with some products already entering mass production. The Group actively explored a
            new model integrating agriculture, culture and tourism under the theme of “Revitalization
            of Intangible Cultural Heritage + Aromatic Economy”, thereby helping the town’s wok team
            earn recognition as a provincial advanced collective. In compliance with requirements for
            vertical assistance in Guangzhou City, the Group provided counterpart support to Yongning
            Subdistrict, Zengcheng District, and donated RMB250,000 for people’s livelihood projects and
            improvement of primary school facilities.




                                                                                                                        115
      ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



        2.   Further deepening and expanding east-west coordination. The Group has continued
             to establish a pairing assistance relationship with one township and ten villages in Nayong
             County, Bijie City, Guizhou Province, and a total of over RMB1.67 million has been invested
             as assistance funds throughout the year. Efforts focused on establishing Lizi Village as
             a demonstration site for rural revitalization, and completing projects to improve living
             environment, thereby facilitating the aromatic industry to achieve annual sales revenue of
             over RMB10 million for the past three years, with cumulative sales revenue exceeding RMB46
             million. With respect to educational assistance, the “GAC class” has cumulatively cultivated
             326 students, while the “GAC Education Dream Support Project” has supported 153 students
             in need, with scholarships totaling RMB 195,000.


        3.   Booting consumption assistance through innovative omni channel models. Leveraging
             the “GAC Qifu” platform, over 2,700 varieties of agricultural products from assisted regions
             have been made available online, with the amount of consumption assistance expected
             to reach RMB38 million throughout the year. During the lychee season, the Group
             precisely coordinated with production areas in Conghua District and Zengcheng District of
             Guangzhou, resulting in the purchase of 350,000 jin of lychee. This generated an additional
             income of RMB 4.9 million for local fruit growers, effectively enhancing the assistance results
             of “customer satisfaction, farmer satisfaction and employee satisfaction”.


        4.   Establishing sustainable mechanisms to empower industrial revitalization. In Bijie City,
             the Group has promoted the “Love Filling Every Car with Fragrance” brand to cumulatively
             develop more than 60 products, thereby forming an aromatic industry chain that integrates
             planting, processing and sales. Concurrently, the Group has promoted the construction of the
             Meizhou GAC Parts and Components Industrial Park, where 16 enterprises have moved. For
             the year 2025, the Park is projected to achieve operating revenue of RMB2 billion and contribute
             over RMB100 million in taxes, while creating 1,925 job opportunities. The “self-sustaining”
             capacity of industrial assistance has thus been continuously strengthened. The Group has
             also proactively implemented the deployment of new energy usage in the countryside, and
             have cumulatively invested in the construction of 363 charging stations across 19 prefecture
             level cities within Guangdong Province throughout the year. 3 charging stations with 54 fast
             charging terminals were built in the “Two Mountains” Region, injecting green momentum
             into coordinated regional development.




116
                                                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




     Chapter 7

 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
I.    PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS

      (I)   THE UNDERTAKINGS BY THE ULTIMATE CONTROLLERS,
            SHAREHOLDERS, RELATED PARTIES, PURCHASERS OF THE
            COMPANY, THE COMPANY AND OTHER RELEVANT PARTIES DURING
            THE REPORTING PERIOD OR SUBSISTING DURING THE REPORTING
            PERIOD
                                                                                                                                                                     Whether
                                                                                                                                                       Is there a    fulfilled
            Background of Type of                                                                                       Time of          Period of     fulfillment   strictly
            undertakings undertakings Undertaker         Contents of undertakings                                       undertaking      undertaking   time limit    in time

                             Dividends       The Group   Provided that the profit and cash of the Company is sufficient May 2024          2024-2026    Yes           Yes
                                                             for the continuous operation and long term development
                                                             of the Company, the profit distributed in cash in each of
            Other
                                                             the years between 2024 and 2026 shall be no less than 10%
               commitments
                                                             of the distributable profit realised in such year, whereas
                                                             the cumulative profit distributed in cash for the three
                                                             consecutive years shall be no less than 30% of the average
                                                             distributable profits realised in these three years. Articles of
                                                             Association: Profit distributed in cash shall be no less than
                                                             10% of the distributable profit realised in such year.
                             Resolving issues GAIG       (1) Directly or indirectly do or participate in (or assist in or Listing date of Long-term    Yes           Yes
                                of competition               participating in) any business or activities which compete or    A shares in
                                within the                   may compete with the principal business of the Company           2012
                                industry                     in any manner (including but not limited to investment,
                                                             merger and acquisition, forming associates, joint venture,
                                                             cooperation, partnership, trust, underwriting, operating
                                                             lease, acquisition of equity or joint stock), whether solely
                                                             or jointly with other parties, in the PRC or overseas; (2)
                                                             support any person other than promoters of the Company
                                                             or subsidiaries of the promoters to do or participate in
                                                             any business which competes or may compete with the
                                                             principal business of the Company in any manner in the
                                                             PRC or overseas; (3) intervene in any business or activities
                                                             which compete or may compete with the principal business
                                                             of the Company by other means (whether directly or
                                                             indirectly), provided that the above undertaking shall not
                                                             be applicable where GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than
                                                             the Company and its subsidiaries) acquire or hold for
                                                             investment purpose not more than 5% interest in other
                                                             company listed on an internationally recognised stock
                                                             exchange whose principal business competes or may
                                                             compete with the principal business of the Company; or
                                                             where GAIG or its subsidiaries or investee company hold
                                                             not more than 5% interest in a third party whose principal




                                                                                                                                                                                 117
      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                                                                                                                                 Whether
                                                                                                                                                   Is there a    fulfilled
           Background of Type of                                                                                       Time of       Period of     fulfillment   strictly
           undertakings undertakings Undertaker   Contents of undertakings                                             undertaking   undertaking   time limit    in time

                                                     business competes or may compete with the principal
                                                     business of the Company as a result of the debt
                                                     restructuring of third parties; (4) if GAIG or its subsidiaries
                                                     (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) come across
                                                     any new business opportunity which competes or may
                                                     compete with the principal business of the Company, it
                                                     shall immediately inform the Company in writing, and
                                                     shall use its best endeavous to procure such business
                                                     opportunity be first offered to the Company or its
                                                     subsidiaries on fair and reasonable terms and conditions.
                                                     The Company shall, within 30 days from receiving the
                                                     aforesaid notification, notify GAIG or its subsidiaries
                                                     (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) in writing
                                                     whether or not the Company or its subsidiaries intend
                                                     to take up the aforesaid business opportunity. Upon
                                                     receiving notification from the Company that it intends
                                                     to take up such opportunity, GAIG or its subsidiaries shall
                                                     refer such business opportunity to the Company or its
                                                     subsidiaries; (5) if the Company or its subsidiaries decide
                                                     not to take up such business opportunities for any reason,
                                                     upon receiving notification from the Company of such
                                                     intention or the Company fails to respond in writing to
                                                     GAIG or its subsidiaries within the said 30-day period,
                                                     GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its
                                                     subsidiaries) may operate such new business on its own;
                                                     (6) in the future, when GAIG or its subsidiaries (other
                                                     than the Company and its subsidiaries) operate such
                                                     new business which competes or may compete with the
                                                     principal business of the Company pursuant to paragraph
                                                     (5) above, or due to adjustments in national policies or
                                                     other force majeure or unexpected events, such that
                                                     competition in the same business occurs or becomes
                                                     inevitable, GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company
                                                     and its subsidiaries) shall offer an option to the Company
                                                     or its subsidiaries, pursuant to which the Company or its
                                                     subsidiaries shall have the right to acquire any equity,
                                                     asset and other interest in the competing business from
                                                     GAIG or its subsidiaries in accordance with statutory
                                                     processes in one or multiple tranches, or the Company or
                                                     its subsidiaries may elect to operate assets or businesses
                                                     in the competing business by way of entrusted operation,
                                                     operating lease or underwriting operation in accordance
                                                     with statutory processes, provided that the relevant laws
                                                     and regulations of the PRC and the listing rules of the
                                                     relevant stock exchange then in force are complied with.



118
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      (II)   EXPLANATION ON WHETHER THE COMPANY HAS ACHIEVED ITS
             PROFIT FORECAST IN RELATION TO ASSETS OR PROJECTS, IF THERE
             IS ANY PROFIT FORECAST IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S ASSETS
             OR PROJECTS, AND THE REPORTING PERIOD IS WITHIN THE PROFIT
             FORECAST PERIOD
             □Met   □Unmet    ✓N/A



II.   APPROPRIATION OF FUNDS OF THE COMPANY BY THE
      CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND OTHER RELATED PARTIES
      FOR NON-OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES DURING THE REPORTING
      PERIOD
      □Applicable   ✓N/A



III. GUARANTEE NOT IN COMPLIANCE
      □Applicable   ✓N/A



IV. APPOINTMENT OR DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTANTS
                                                                        Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB


                                                                             Currently appointed

      Name of domestic accounting firm                                 ShineWing Certified Public
                                                                                         Accountants
      Remuneration of domestic accounting firm                                               1,020,000
      Audit years of domestic accounting firm                                                          5
      Names of the Certified Public Accountants of domestic                             Ou Jinguang,
        accounting firm                                                                  Luo Xiaming
      Continuing service years of certified public accountant of                                       5
        domestic accounting firm
      Name of overseas accounting firm                                                          KPMG
      Remuneration of overseas accounting firm                                               3,100,000
      Audit years of overseas accounting firm                                                          2




                                                                                                             119
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                                                 Unit: Yuan    Currency: RMB


                                             Name                                             Remuneration

      Internal control auditor               ShineWing Certified Public Accountants                400,000




      EXPLANATION ON APPOINTMENT AND DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTING
      FIRMS
      As considered and approved at the 3rd meeting of the 7th session of the Board, the 27th meeting
      of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee and the 2024 annual general meeting of the
      Company, the Company appointed ShineWing Certified Public Accountants and KPMG as auditors
      of the Company for the year 2025.



      CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING FIRM DURING THE AUDITING PERIOD
      □Applicable    ✓N/A



  V. DESCRIPTION OF RISKS OF DELISTING
      □Applicable    ✓N/A



  VI. MATTERS RELATING TO INSOLVENCY OR RESTRUCTURING
      On account of its insolvency, the joint venture of the Company, GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co.,
      Ltd. (廣汽菲亞特克萊斯勒汽車有限公司), filed for winding-up in accordance with relevant requirements
      of existing laws and regulations in 2022. On 29 November 2022, Intermediate People’s Court of
      Changsha, Hunan Province issued the Civil Judgement [(2022) Xiang 01 Po Shen No. 139] ((2022) 湘
      01破申139號) to formally accept its winding-up application. On 6 March 2023, Notice (2022) Xiang 01
      Po No.214-1 ((2022) 湘01破214-1號) was issued and Yingke (Changsha) Law Firm was designated to
      act as the administrator. During the reporting period, the administrator commenced the process of
      initiating the overall disposal of core assets.



  VII. MATERIAL LITIGATIONS AND ARBITRATIONS
      The Company had no material litigations or arbitrations during the year.




120
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



VIII. PUNISHMENT ON THE COMPANY AND ITS DIRECTORS,
      SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND
      ULTIMATE CONTROLLERS AND RELEVANT RECTIFICATIONS
      FOR SUSPECTED VIOLATION OF LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     □Applicable   ✓N/A



IX. DESCRIPTION OF INTEGRITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
    SHAREHOLDERS AND ACTUAL CONTROLLERS DURING THE
    REPORTING PERIOD
     □Applicable   ✓N/A



X.   SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK
     OWNERSHIP SCHEME OR OTHER EQUITY INCENTIVES OF THE
     COMPANY AND THE IMPACTS THEREOF

     A-SHARE OPTION
     A-share option represents the right granted to a participant by the Company to acquire certain
     number of A shares of the Company at a pre-determined price and conditions within a particular
     period of time. The source of the underlying shares shall be the ordinary A shares to be issued by
     the Company to the participants.



     RESTRICTED SHARES
     Restricted shares represent a certain number of A shares of the Company granted to the
     participants by the Company under the conditions and at the price as stipulated in the incentive
     scheme, which are subject to the lock-up period and can only be unlocked for trading when the
     unlocking conditions under the incentive scheme are satisfied. The source of the underlying shares
     shall be the ordinary A shares to be issued by the Company to the participants.




                                                                                                                  121
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      (I)   2020 A SHARE OPTION AND RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
            (THE “2020 INCENTIVE SCHEME”)
            The 2020 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the Share options
            and the restricted Shares have been granted and registered, and end on the date on which
            all the Share options granted to the participants have been exercised or cancelled and all
            the restricted Shares granted to the participants have been unlocked or repurchased and
            cancelled respectively, which shall not exceed 60 months, i.e. still effective until December
            2025. The vesting period and the lock-up period of Share options and restricted Shares
            respectively were 24 months, 36 months, 48 months from the date of completion of
            grant and registration. For details regarding the exercise period for Share options and the
            unlocking period for restricted Shares, and the relevant timetable, please refer to the section
            on the 2020 Incentive Scheme in the 2024 annual report of the Company.


            Since all the 102,101,330 A Share options and 102,101,330 restricted A Shares available for grant
            under the 2020 Incentive Scheme were granted on 4 December 2020, the number of options
            and awards available for grant under the scheme mandate of the 2020 Incentive Scheme
            at the beginning and the end of the reporting period were both 0. As no service provider is
            eligible to be a participant under the 2020 Incentive Scheme, the service provider sublimit is
            not applicable to the 2020 Incentive Scheme.


            A Share options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme
            1.    Under the first exercise period, such A Share options had become exercisable since
                  12 December 2022, expiring on 10 December 2023 (subject to the relevant restriction
                  period).


            2.    Under the second exercise period, such A Share options had become exercisable since
                  11 December 2023, expiring on 10 December 2024 (subject to the relevant restriction
                  period). Share options that had not been exercised during the second exercise period
                  became lapsed on 11 December 2024 and were cancelled on 16 January 2025.


            3.    Under the third exercise period, such A Share options had become exercisable since
                  11 December 2024, expiring on 10 December 2025 (subject to the relevant restriction
                  period). Due to the failure to satisfy the performance conditions during the Reporting
                  Period, all such A Share options granted for the third exercise period were cancelled.
                  For details, please refer to the announcement (Announcement no.: Lin 2024-080)
                  disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange in the form of overseas regulatory
                  announcement on 10 October 2024.




122
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                                                 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



   Restricted A Shares under the 2020 Incentive Scheme
   Due to the failure to satisfy the performance assessment conditions, the restricted Shares corresponding
   to the third unlocking period fully lapsed on 11 December 2024. The Company repurchased and cancelled
   such 26,048,350 restricted A Shares on 16 January 2025, with a repurchase price of RMB4.20 per Share.
   For details of the repurchase and cancellation, please refer to the announcement disclosed on the
   website of the Stock Exchange in the form of overseas regulatory announcement on 13 January 2025
   (Announcement no.: Lin 2025-007). Details of the repurchase price of the relevant restricted A Shares to
   be cancelled and the corresponding adjustments to the repurchase price are also set out on pages 130
   to 132 of the 2024 annual report of the Company.



(II) 2022 A SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME (THE “2022 INCENTIVE
     SCHEME”)
   1.    Purpose
         In order to further establish and improve the long-term incentive mechanism of the
         Company, attract and retain talented individuals, fully mobilise the enthusiasm of the
         senior management, other management personnel who have a direct impact on the
         Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of
         the Company, and effectively bond the interests of the Shareholders, the Company
         and individuals of core teams together, making all parties to attend to the long-term
         development of the Company, on the premise of fully protecting the interests of the
         Shareholders and on the principle of income equivalent to contribution, the Company
         formulated the 2022 Incentive Scheme, which has been duly approved by way of
         special resolutions passed at the 2023 first extraordinary general meeting and the 2023
         first class meetings for A and H Shareholders of the Company respectively held on 20
         January 2023.

   2.    Scheme Participants
         The participants under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are all employee participants as
         defined under Rule 17.03A(1)(a) of the Listing Rules, including the directors, senior
         management, other management personnel who have a direct impact on the
         Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of the
         Company.

   3.    Number of Granted Options and the Basis of Determining the Exercise Price of
         the Share Options
         A total of 233,896,200 A Share options were granted to 3,089 participants on 20
         January 2023, and the exercise price was RMB11.99 per Share, which was determined
         with reference to the highest of the following and shall not be lower than the nominal
         amount of the A Shares:

         (1)    the average trading price of the A Shares of the Company on the trading day
                preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 13 December 2022) which
                is RMB11.82; and

         (2)    one of the average trading prices of the A Shares of the Company for 20 trading
                days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the proposal
                announcement.

                                                                                                             123
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          The adjustment details for the exercise price of Share options since the implementation
          of the 2022 Incentive Scheme are as follows:


          •     Since 16 June 2023, as a result of the implementation of the profit distribution
                plan for 2022, the exercise price of Share options was adjusted to RMB11.81/A
                Share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details, please refer to
                the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share Option and
                Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option Incentive Scheme of the
                Company” (Announcement no.: Lin 2023-050) disclosed on the websites of SSE
                and the Stock Exchange on 8 June 2023.


          •     Since 18 September 2023, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
                distribution plan for 2023, the exercise price of Share options was adjusted to
                RMB11.76/A Share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
                please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
                Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option Incentive
                Scheme of the Company” (Announcement no.: Lin 2023-080) disclosed on the
                websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 8 September 2023.


          •     Since 13 June 2024, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
                distribution plan for 2023, the exercise price of Share options was adjusted to
                RMB11.66/A Share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
                please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
                Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price” (Announcement no.: Lin 2024-
                042) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 4 June 2024.


          •     Since 18 October 2024, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
                distribution plan for 2024, the exercise price of Share options was adjusted to
                RMB11.63/A Share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
                please refer to the “Announcement on the Price Adjustment and Partial
                Cancellation of Equity under the Share Option Incentive Scheme” (Announcement
                no.: Lin 2024-080) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on
                10 October 2024.


          •     Since 27 June 2025, as a result of the implementation of the profit distribution
                plan for 2024, the exercise price of Share options was adjusted to RMB11.61/A
                Share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details, please refer to
                the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price under the Share Option
                Incentive Scheme” (Announcement no.: Lin 2025-48) disclosed on the websites of
                SSE and the Stock Exchange on 20 June 2025.




124
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                                         SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     The closing price of the Company’s A Shares on the date immediately before the grant
     date of the 2022 Incentive Scheme was RMB11.37 per Share. Within any 12-month
     period, none of the participants were granted or will be granted options and awards in
     aggregate exceeding 1% of the total issued A Shares of the Company under all effective
     Share option incentive schemes of the Company. Details of the maximum entitlement
     (i.e. A Share options) that each director and senior management of the Company may
     be granted under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are set out in the Company’s circular
     disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange on 4 January 2023, and the maximum
     entitlement that can be granted to each other individual participant shall not be
     higher than the above-mentioned maximum entitlement limit. No amount is payable
     by the participants on application or acceptance of the A Share options under the 2022
     Incentive Scheme.


4.   Validity period, vesting period and exercise period
     The 2022 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the Share options
     were granted (i.e. 20 January 2023), and end on the date on which all the Share options
     granted to the participants have been exercised or cancelled, and for no more than 60
     months, i.e. until January 2028 with one year and eight months remaining. The vesting
     period of the respective portions are 24 months, 36 months and 48 months from the
     date on which the Share options were granted.


     As of the date of this report (i.e., 28 April 2026), the total number of securities issuable
     under the 2022 Incentive Scheme was 186,764,320 Shares, representing approximately
     1.83% of the total issued Shares of the Company then.


     Since the 2022 Incentive Scheme was adopted on 20 January 2023, and given that all
     the 233,896,200 A Share options available for grant under the 2022 Incentive Scheme
     were granted on 20 January 2023 (and no Share award is available for grant under the
     2022 Incentive Scheme), the number of options and awards available for grant under
     the scheme mandate of the 2022 Incentive Scheme at the beginning and the end of
     the reporting period were both 0. As no service provider is eligible to be a participant
     under the 2022 Incentive Scheme, the service provider sublimit is not applicable to the
     2022 Incentive Scheme.




                                                                                                     125
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          The arrangements of exercise period and the duration of each exercise period for the
          Share options are as follows:


                                                                                      Exercisable
          Exercise arrangement            Exercise period                             proportion

          First exercise period           Commencing from the first trading day               20%
                                           after expiry of the 24-month period
                                           from the grant date and ending on the
                                           last trading day of the 36-month period
                                           from the grant date
          Second exercise period          Commencing from the first trading day               40%
                                           after expiry of the 36-month period
                                           from the grant date and ending on the
                                           last trading day of the 48-month period
                                           from the grant date
          Third exercise period           Commencing from the first trading day               40%
                                           after expiry of the 48-month period
                                           from the grant date and ending on the
                                           last trading day of the 60-month period
                                           from the grant date


          The participants shall complete the exercise of the Share options within the relevant
          exercise period. If the exercise conditions are not satisfied, the A Share options for
          the corresponding period shall not become exercisable. If the exercise conditions are
          satisfied, but such relevant A Share options are not fully exercised within the stipulated
          exercise period, such Share options will automatically lapse and be cancelled by the
          Company.


          During the reporting period, there were no A Share options or restricted Shares
          available for grant in accordance with the scheme mandate limit and service provider
          sublimit respectively defined under Rule 17.03(3) of the Listing Rules.




126
                                                                                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                                  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The details of the A Share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme for (i) directors and
senior management and (ii) other employee participants during the reporting period
are as follows:


A Share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme


                                                                                                                       Unit: Share(s) (A Share) Currency: RMB

                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                                    average
                                                                                                closing price
                                                                 Number of        Number of A   immediately                       Shares issued                                                Number of
                                                              outstanding A Share options         before the    Number of A upon exercise          Number of A                                outstanding
                                                              Share options            newly        dates on Share options           of A Share Share options    Number of A                      A Share
                                                                held at the           granted   which the A      exercisable           options       cancelled Share options                  options held
                                                               beginning of        during the Share options      during the          during the     during the lapsed during Exercise price at the end of
                                                              the reporting         reporting were granted        reporting           reporting      reporting the reporting     of A Share the reporting
Name               Position/Type of Participants                period (Note 1)        period          (RMB)    period (Note 2)         period          period        period options (RMB)          period
                   Chairman,




Feng Xingya        Chairman, Director and General                    400,000               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A        400,000
                                 Manager   (Note 3)


Deng Lei           Non-executive Director, Chairwoman                340,000               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A         340,000
                                 of the Labour Union
Yan Zhuangli       Deputy General Manager (Note 4)                   360,000               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A         360,000
Wang Dan           Chief Accountant and                              360,000               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A         360,000
                                 Person in Charge of
                                 Accounting Function
Gao Rui            Deputy General Manager                            360,000               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A         360,000
Jiang Xiuyun       Deputy General Manager                            360,000               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A         360,000
Yu Jun             Deputy General Manager (Note 6)                   360,000               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A         360,000
Zheng Heng         Deputy General Manager (Note 5)                   360,000               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A         360,000
Xia Xianqing       General Manager, Deputy General                   360,000               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A         360,000
                                 Manager   (Note 3)


Liu Xiangneng      Secretary to the Board and                        184,000               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A         184,000
                                 Company Secretary
Huang Yongqiang Deputy General Manager                               253,040                             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A         253,040
                   Middle level and other core                   183,067,280               0             N/A                 0               0              0             0            N/A      183,067,280
                                 businesses, technical and
                                 management key personnel
                                 (i.e. 3,072 other employee
                                 participants in total)

Total (together with that of
    the directors and senior management):
                               3,083                              186,764,320              0                /                0               0              0             0              /      186,764,320



                                                                                                                                                                                                              127
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          Notes:
          1.       During the reporting period, A Share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme have not
                   become exercisable yet. Details of the vesting period, the exercise period and exercise price
                   for the relevant A Share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are set out on pages 123
                   to 126 of this report.


          2.       All A Share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme have been granted to the participants
                   (including the above-mentioned directors and senior management) on 20 January 2023.
                   The above Share options granted are subject to the fulfillment of the performance appraisal
                   requirements and the individual performance appraisal requirements by the Company
                   and participants respectively during each of the relevant exercise periods. For details,
                   please refer to Appendix VI to the circular of the Company dated 4 January 2023 in relation
                   to, among other things, the Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme. As the Company’s
                   operating performance failed to meet the exercise conditions for the first exercise period of
                   the Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme, all Share options granted to participants were
                   cancelled. For details, please refer to the “Announcement on the Price Adjustment and
                   Partial Cancellation of Equity under the Share Option Incentive Scheme” (Announcement
                   no.: Lin 2024-080) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 10 October
                   2024.


                   On 16 January 2026, the Company held the 18th meeting of the seventh session of the
                   Board, at which the Resolution on the Cancellation of the Second Exercise Period of the
                   Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme was considered and approved. Due to the failure to
                   meet the performance conditions for the year of 2024, 93,382,160 A-share options under the
                   the Second Exercise Period of the Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme were cancelled
                   in full. For details, please refer to the “Announcement on the Cancellation of the Second
                   Exercise Period of the Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme” (Announcement no.: Lin
                   2026-006) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 16 January 2026.


          3.       From 3 February 2025 to 16 November 2025, Feng Xingya has concurrently served as the
                   general manager, while Xia Xianqing served as the deputy general manager. Feng Xingya
                   ceased to concurrently serve as the general manager of the Company, and Xia Xianqing
                   was appointed as the general manager of the Company on 16 November 2025. He was
                   appointed as an executive director of the seventh session of the Board on 23 January 2026.


          4.       Yan Zhuangli resigned from the position of deputy general manager on 18 September 2025.


          5.       Zheng Heng resigned from the position of deputy general manager on 24 December 2025.


          6.       Yu Jun resigned as deputy general manager on 28 November 2025.

128
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                                                     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                 The Company granted a total of 0 A Share option and 0 Share award in respect of all
                 Share schemes (including the 2020 Incentive Scheme and the 2022 Incentive Scheme
                 referred to above) during the reporting period, and the number of Shares that may be
                 issued in respect of all options granted (assuming that all the options are exercisable)
                 was 0 A Share, representing 0% of the issued A Shares (excluding treasury Shares)
                 during the Reporting Period, with the weighted average number of issued A Shares
                 (excluding treasury Shares) during the Reporting Period being 10,226,666,900.



XI.   MATERIAL RELATED TRANSACTIONS
      1.   Certain categories of related party transactions as disclosed in note 37 to the consolidated
           financial statements, including (i) sales of goods (sales of automobile parts and steels, sales
           of passenger vehicles), (ii) rendering of labour and insurance services, (iii) purchases of goods
           (purchases of automobile parts and materials and purchases of passenger vehicles), (iv) rental
           received from related parties and (v) rental paid to related parties, include transactions which
           also constituted connected transactions under the Listing Rules. The Company confirms
           that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
           Listing Rules.



      2.   TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES
           (A)   Transactions in relation to principal joint ventures
                 At the time of listing of the Company, the Stock Exchange granted a conditional waiver
                 from strict compliance with the requirements of Chapters 14 and 14A of the Listing
                 Rules in respect of immaterial joint ventures. The Company is required to review
                 whether the immaterial joint ventures met the conditions in the waiver on a yearly
                 basis. For the 2025 financial year, the principal joint ventures of the Company were GAC
                 Toyota, GAC Honda and GAC-SOFINCO.


                 As of 31 December 2025, calculated based on the proportion of shareholdings of the
                 Group in the joint ventures, the total liabilities and total revenues of jointly controlled
                 entities amounted to RMB60.605 billion and RMB92.310 billion respectively, which will
                 be used in the calculation of waivers granted by the Stock Exchange to the Company
                 in respect of asset and revenue ratios.




                                                                                                                129
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       (B)   Connected transactions
             For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group and its associates (as defined in the
             Listing Rules) had entered into the following connected transactions:


             Equity Transfer of Dongfeng Honda Engine and Capital Increase of GAC Honda


             Equity Transfer


             On 30 October 2025, GAC Honda, a principal jointly-controlled entity of the Company,
             entered into the equity transfer agreement with Dongfeng Motor Group Co., Ltd.
             (“Dongfeng Motor Group”), pursuant to which Dongfeng Motor Group (as the vendor)
             agreed to sell and GAC Honda (as the purchaser) agreed to acquire 50% of the
             equity interest in Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd. (“Dongfeng Honda Engine”), at
             a consideration of RMB1,172,485,400 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,286,847,541),
             which was conducted by way of public tender and transfer on the Guangdong United
             Assets and Equity Exchange (the “Equity Transfer”).


             Upon completion of the Equity Transfer, GAC Honda held 50% of the equity interest in
             Dongfeng Honda Engine, and the attributable interest of the Company in Dongfeng
             Honda Engine became 25%. As the highest applicable percentage ratio (calculated in
             accordance with Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules) of the Equity Transfer does not exceed
             5%, the Equity Transfer does not constitute a discloseable transaction of the Company
             under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. Dongfeng Motor Group is an independent third
             party. The Equity Transfer also does not constitute a connected transaction of the
             Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




130
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



Capital Increase


On 10 November 2025, the Company entered into the capital increase agreement with
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (“Honda Motor”), Honda Motor (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (“Honda
China”) and GAC Honda, pursuant to which the registered capital of GAC Honda would
be enlarged from US$541,000,000 to US$867,215,960. The Company, Honda Motor
and Honda China contributed to the capital increase at an aggregate amount of
US$326,215,960 (equivalent to approximately HK$2,544,484,488) in proportion to their
respective capital contributions in GAC Honda (the “Capital Increase”).


Honda Motor and Honda China are substantial shareholders of GAC Honda, a principal
jointlycontrolled entity of the Company, and are connected persons of the Company
at the subsidiary level under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Therefore, the Capital
Increase and the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute a connected
transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As the highest
applicable percentage ratio (calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of the Listing
Rules) of the Capital Increase exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, the Capital Increase
is subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but is exempted from
the circular (including independent financial advice) and independent shareholders’
approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


Upon completion of the Capital Increase, each of the Company, Honda Motor and
Honda China would maintain their respective percentage holding of equity interest
in GAC Honda and continue to hold 50%, 40% and 10% of the equity interest in GAC
Honda respectively. However, Honda Motor and Honda China would no longer hold
any equity interest in Dongfeng Honda Engine. The equity interest of GAC Honda
in Dongfeng Honda Engine would increase from 50% to 100%, and the attributable
interest of the Company in Dongfeng Honda Engine would become 50%. As the
highest applicable percentage ratio (calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of
the Listing Rules) of the Capital Increase is less than 5%, the Capital Increase does
not constitute a discloseable transaction of the Company under Chapter 14 of the
Listing Rules, and thus the Capital Increase is not subject to the announcement and
shareholders’ approval requirements therein.


For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 10 November 2025.




                                                                                                  131
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       (C)   Continuing connected transactions
             For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group and its associates (as defined in the
             Listing Rules) had entered into the following continuing connected transactions:


             1.   Provision of transport and logistics services in respect of vehicle products and
                  vehicle parts and components


                  For the year ended 31 December 2025, each of the JV Partner Group provided
                  transport and logistics services (the “JV Partner Logistics Services”) in respect
                  of vehicle products and vehicle parts and components to the Company,
                  its subsidiaries and the principal joint ventures (including GAC Toyota and
                  GAC Honda) according to the following pricing terms on a regular basis. The
                  Company’s principal joint ventures purchase raw materials and components
                  from the relevant joint venture partners, as well as selling some products to the
                  relevant joint venture partners. The relevant joint venture partners will provide
                  transportation and logistics services to complete the entire process. Such service
                  will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


                  On 21 March 2025:


                  (i)    GAC Toyota Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田物流有限公司) (“GAC Toyota Logistics”)
                         (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group entered into an agreement
                         in writing (the “Framework Agreement(s) of JV Partner”) with Guangzhou
                         GAC Commercial Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽商貿物流有限公司), Hunan Guang
                         Jie Logistics Co., Ltd. (湖南廣捷物流有限公司), Guangzhou Guangyou Logistics
                         Development Co., Ltd. (廣 州 廣 祐 物 流 發 展 有 限 公 司), GAC Toyota and GAC
                         Toyota Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田汽車銷售有限公司) of the Group, so
                         as to continue with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period
                         from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2027. Upon the expiration of the
                         validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the parties
                         of the agreement.


                  (ii)   GAC Honda Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田物流有限公司) (as the service provider)
                         of the JV Partner Group entered into the Framework Agreement of JV
                         Partner with UPOWER Energy, GAC Honda and GAC Honda Automobile
                         Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田汽車銷售有限公司) of the Group, so as to continue with
                         the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period from 1 January 2025
                         to 31 December 2027. Upon the expiration of the validity period, renewal is
                         subject to the mutual agreement of the parties of the agreement.




132
                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                             SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



(iii)   GAC Toyota Logistics (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group
        entered into an agreement in writing (the “New Agreement(s) of JV
        Partner”) with Yichang Guang Xun Logistics Co., Ltd. (宜 昌 廣 迅 物 流 有 限 公
        司) of the Group, so as to proceed with the JV Partner Logistics Services,
        with validity period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2027. Upon
        the expiration of the validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual
        agreement of the parties of the agreement.


Pursuant to the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements
of JV Partner, all service providers and all service recipients have agreed that,
they shall enter into individual agreement(s) in relation to the provision of
the JV Partner Logistics Services within the validity period of the Framework
Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements of JV Partner based on the
terms, conditions and principles of the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and
the New Agreements of JV Partner.


The remunerations or service fees charged by all service providers to all service
recipients for the JV Partner Logistics Services are determined according to
the prices in the contract determined with reference to (i) the prevailing prices
of the same or same type of services in the market provided by independent
third parties; and (ii) the volume of the logistics services provided to all service
recipients. The parties shall compare the prices for the provision of the same
or same type of services by independent third parties in respect of the logistics
services from time to time to ensure that the payment received by all service
providers for the logistics services shall be the prevailing market price for
the logistics services. To ensure that products or services are obtained at the
most favorable price, the Group will consider the market price for at least
two equivalent services to ensure that the price will remain a reasonable and
competitive one prior to selecting the service providers for the logistics services,
and to ensure that the amount of payment by the Group to the JV Partner Group
will not exceed the amount paid to independent third parties. In addition, the
Group will determine the relevant price by taking into account the profit margin
that can be achieved by the Group to ensure that the price will be set at a level
that the Group will be able to generate a profit margin that is within the industry
standard or even better.




                                                                                        133
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             In view of the above, the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New
             Agreements of JV Partner between the Group and joint venture partners were
             entered into on normal commercial terms that are fair and reasonable and are
             no less favourable to the Group than those provided by independent third parties
             to the Group in respect of the logistics services.


             For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total amount of the consideration
             paid by the Group for the JV Partner Logistics Services was RMB1,253,190,000.


             In relation to the transactions, the directors consider that the annual transaction
             amount of each transaction under the JV Partner Logistics Services should
             not be disclosed. The provision of transportation and logistics services is an
             important part of entering into cooperation arrangements with joint venture
             parties and their associates. They are a key part of the supply chain management
             and sales business of automobile production. Disclosing the annual transaction
             amount for each transaction under the JV Partner Logistics Services will disclose
             commercially sensitive information relating to the operation of the relevant joint
             ventures, which is not in the interest of the Group or the related joint ventures.


             The Company has applied to the Stock Exchange for and was granted a waiver
             from compliance with the annual cap requirement relating to the above
             transactions for the duration of the terms of the respective transactions. The
             Company has also reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that only
             disclosure of the annual aggregate dollar value of the transactions made each
             year would be made. However, the exemption expired before the Framework
             Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements of JV Partner were entered
             into.


             During the reporting period, the Company has applied for, and was granted by
             the Stock Exchange a revised waiver from strict compliance with the annual
             reporting and annual caps requirements under the Listing Rules in respect
             of such transactions to the extent that the Company is still required to set
             aggregate caps for the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New
             Agreements of JV Partner and disclose the total annual consideration of such
             transactions in the annual report.


             For details, the annual cap and the basis for determination of the Framework
             Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements of JV Partner, please refer to
             the Company’s announcement dated 21 March 2025.




134
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Annual Report 2025




                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



2.   Sale of vehicle products, parts and components, production equipment and
     vehicles related products (including its after-sales services)


     (a)   For the year ended 31 December 2025, members of the Group sold raw
           materials, parts and components and vehicles to the JV Partner Group
           according to the following pricing terms on a regular basis. Such service
           will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


           The Group will take into account market prices of the relevant products
           and services offered by independent third parties in determining the price
           of the services to make sure that the price offered to the JV Partner Group
           are fair and reasonable and on normal commercial terms.


           The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that
           the transactions above are exempted from written agreement and annual
           cap requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required
           to disclose the nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is
           because the disclosure of separate transactions between the contracting
           parties would constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive information
           relating to the operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not be
           in the interest of the Company or the relevant joint ventures.


     (b)   For the year ended 31 December 2025, members of the JV Partner Group
           provided the sale of raw materials, parts and components and production
           equipment to the principal joint ventures according to the following
           pricing terms on a regular basis. Such service will continue during the term
           of the joint ventures.




                                                                                               135
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                In relation to this type of transactions, where there are other local
                suppliers, members of the Group will obtain quotes for equivalent
                products or services that may be available from other local PRC suppliers
                in order to determine whether viable alternatives of comparable quality
                can be obtained in a timely manner and at the most competitive price. If
                alternatives are available, the Group would go through a tender process
                before selecting the supplier for such alternatives. In such a tender process,
                JV Partner Group is treated no differently from any other third-party
                supplier. Consequently, the purchase of auto parts by Group from the JV
                Partner Group would not be made if the Group could obtain better terms
                from any other suppliers. Over time, fewer vehicle products, parts and
                components will be sourced from the JV Partner Group as cheaper viable
                alternatives are found in the PRC. Such process of “localisation” is widely
                regarded as key means of cost reduction in the PRC automotive industry
                and is also the priority of the principal joint ventures.


                As a business reality, given the additional transportation and tax costs
                of purchasing vehicle products, parts and components and production
                equipment from a foreign supplier, it is neither in the Company’s nor the
                joint venture partners’ interest to purchase the vehicle products, parts and
                components and production equipment from the foreign joint venture
                partners if viable alternatives are available from local suppliers on more
                favourable terms.


                In determining the price for the products and/or service, the Company will
                also consider the market price for equivalent products or services in order
                to make sure that the price will remain a reasonable and competitive one.
                However, unlike normal consumer products, some of the vehicle products,
                parts and components provided by the JV Partner Group are specific to
                the car models produced by the principal joint ventures and there is no
                alternative but to source the vehicle products, parts and components
                from the JV Partner Group for the duration of the relevant principal joint
                ventures and market prices for these vehicle parts are not readily available.
                The Company’s representatives will rely heavily on their knowledge of
                the industry standards and their prior experience gained from similar
                negotiations in determining the price. In order to ensure that the price is
                fair and reasonable, the Group will also obtain quotes for similar products
                or services, though not specific to the car models produced by the principal
                joint ventures, as reference.




136
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



           The Group will also determine the price by taking into account the profit
           margin that could be achieved by the Group to ensure that the price will
           be set at a level that the Group will still be able to generate a profit margin
           that is within the industry standard or even better taking into account the
           international and PRC benchmark raw materials costs.


           The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that
           the transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual
           cap requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and is only required to
           disclose the nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because
           the disclosure of separate transactions between contracting parties would
           constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive information relating to the
           operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not be in the interest
           of the Company or the relevant joint ventures.


3.   Provision of technical support, research and development support and
     information enquiry services (including production preparation support, local
     support, advisory services, and provisions of software)


     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the JV Partner Group provided technical
     support, research and development support and information enquiry (including
     production preparation support, local support, advisory services, and provisions
     of software) to the Group according to the following pricing terms on a regular
     basis. The Company’s joint venture partners are the proprietors of the technology
     involved in the production of vehicle models manufactured by the principal joint
     ventures and they are primarily responsible for the research and development of
     all new models. The provision of technical support by the joint venture partners
     is to ensure that the latest technology is applied in the manufacturing process of
     the principal joint ventures and to ensure that the products remain competitive
     in the market. Such service will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


     Generally, the pricing principle for technology license and technical assistance
     between the joint ventures and the joint venture partners and their associates
     is that the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed for its
     research and development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle model
     and such research and development costs should be spread evenly over the
     entire operations of the party providing the technology and the PRC automotive
     joint venture should only bear its fair share of such costs.




                                                                                              137
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



               In accordance with normal industry practice, the terms (including the price) of
               the technology licenses and transactions relating to technical support are fixed
               with reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models, which are generally
               between 5 and 10 years, and also with reference to the industry benchmark for
               similar technological assistance. The Company’s representatives will also rely
               heavily on their knowledge of the industry standards and their prior experience
               gained from similar negotiations in order to determine the price and to make
               sure that the price remains a reasonable and competitive one. Also the Group
               (including the principal joint ventures) will also determine the price by taking
               into account the profit margin that could be achieved by the Group and to
               ensure that the price will be set at a level that the Group will still be able to
               generate a profit margin that is within the industry standard or even better.


               The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the
               transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap
               requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the
               nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because the disclosure
               of separate transaction value between contracting parties would constitute
               disclosure of commercially sensitive information relating to the operations of the
               relevant joint ventures and would not be in the interest of the Company or the
               relevant joint ventures.


          4.   Provision of the use of intellectual property rights (in relation to production and
               sales of vehicles)


               For the year ended 31 December 2025, the joint venture partners of the principal
               joint ventures provided the use of intellectual property rights (in relation to
               production and sales of vehicles) to the principal joint ventures according to the
               following pricing terms on a regular basis. The right to use intellectual property
               is key to the long-term profitability and competitiveness of the principal joint
               ventures and their products. The Group entered into several technology license
               agreements and trademark license agreements with the Company’s joint
               venture partners during the track record period in the past. Such agreements
               will continue during the term of the joint ventures.




138
                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The joint venture partners and its associates are primarily responsible for the
research and development of the new vehicle models and it is therefore essential
for the principal joint ventures to enter into technology license with its joint
venture partners. The relevant intellectual property rights that are specific to
the car models produced by the relevant principal joint ventures and are thus
fundamental to the production of the Group. Without them, the businesses
of the principal joint ventures could not have been established and cannot
operate. The Group therefore has no alternative but to source the intellectual
property rights from the joint venture partners for the duration of the principal
joint ventures. It is therefore standard practice in the PRC automotive industry
for Sino-foreign automotive manufacturing joint ventures to provide royalties
to the proprietor of the relevant technology licence, technological know-how or
intellectual property right, which is very often, the joint venture partners.


The purpose of sino-foreign automotive manufacturing joint ventures is that the
PRC manufacturer will be able to benefit from the technological expertise and
product portfolio of its foreign joint venture partner, whilst the foreign partner
is able to participate in the domestic PRC market. The joint venture relationship
is therefore founded on the foreign joint venture partner contributing its
technological expertise to the joint ventures and the PRC partner contributing its
manufacturing capabilities and facilities, labour and local market and regulatory
knowledge.


A key reason for the PRC Government’s encouragement of sino-foreign
automotive manufacturing joint ventures is to rapidly enhance technological and
product standards in the PRC automotive industry.


Generally, the pricing principle for technology license and technical assistance
between the principal joint ventures and the joint venture partners and their
associates is that the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed
for its research and development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle
model and such research and development costs should be spread evenly
over the entire operations of the party providing the technology and the PRC
automotive joint venture should only bear its fair share of such costs.




                                                                                          139
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             In accordance with normal industry practice, the terms (including the price) of
             the technology licences and transactions relating to technical support are fixed
             with reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models, which are generally
             between 5 and 10 years, and also with reference to the industry benchmark for
             similar technological assistance. The Company’s representatives will also rely
             heavily on their knowledge of the industry standards and their prior experience
             gained from similar negotiations in order to determine the price and to make
             sure that the price remains a reasonable and competitive one. Also the Group
             (including the principal joint ventures) will also determine the price taking into
             account of the profit margin that could be achieved by the Group and to ensure
             that the price will be set at a level that the Group will still be able to generate a
             profit margin that is within the industry standard or even better.


             The Company also believes that the primary purpose of international
             automotive manufacturers in establishing joint ventures with the Company is
             the establishment of a strong presence in the PRC automotive industry, the
             gaining of market share for their brand of vehicles and long term investment
             returns from the principal joint ventures, rather than any short term gains from
             intellectual property rights on terms which may be prejudicial to the principal
             joint ventures’ long term profitability and competitiveness. Such short-term gains
             would be eclipsed by the potential losses to the joint venture partners if the
             principal joint ventures were to prove unsuccessful.


             The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the
             transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap
             requirements set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the
             nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because the disclosure of
             separate transactions between contracting parties would constitute disclosure of
             commercially sensitive information relating to the operations of the relevant joint
             ventures and would not be in the interest of the Company or the relevant joint
             ventures.




140
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                                          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



(D)   Control Mechanism
      In relation to the connected transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries
      on one hand and the joint venture partners and their associates on the other hand as
      described above, negotiations will be conducted by the Company and/or the relevant
      subsidiary directly on an arm’s length basis and the Company is able to control the
      negotiations between the subsidiaries and the joint venture partners and/or their
      associates. The joint venture partners and/or their associates will not be in a position to
      influence the Company and/or its subsidiaries to agree to terms which may not be in
      its and the Company’s interest.


      In relation to the connected transactions between the principal joint ventures on
      the one hand and the joint venture partners and their associates on the other hand
      as described in paragraphs (C) 2 to 4 above, it is provided under the respective joint
      venture agreements, articles of association and memoranda of the principal joint
      ventures that negotiations between the principal joint ventures and the joint venture
      partner and its associates should always be conducted directly by the relevant principal
      joint ventures’ senior management nominated by the Company on behalf of the
      Company or by representative of the Company as a joint venture partner and will thus
      be conducted on an arm’s length basis. No joint venture partners or their associates is
      in a position to influence the principal joint ventures to agree to terms which may not
      be in the principal joint ventures’ and therefore the Company’s interest. The Company
      also confirms that negotiations of transactions between the principal joint ventures
      and the relevant joint venture partners were all conducted by the relevant principal
      joint ventures’ senior management nominated by the Company.


      Also, the principal joint ventures have implemented internal control and reporting
      mechanisms which enable business developments and transactions that may be
      subject to applicable continuing obligations under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules to
      be reported to their respective boards and/or designated persons enabling both the
      Company and its relevant joint venture partners, through representatives on the board
      of the relevant principal joint ventures and/or designated persons to decide whether to
      consent to and approve the relevant transactions.




                                                                                                        141
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             Further, there are also established procedures under the respective joint venture
             agreements, articles of association and memorandum of the principal joint ventures
             that the entering into of any contract of material importance/material transaction with
             a joint venture partner and its associates shall either be approved by a majority of the
             directors present at the board meeting or be mutually agreed/signed off by the general
             manager and the deputy general manager of the relevant principal joint ventures (as
             the case may be). It is provided under the respective joint venture agreements, articles
             of association and memoranda of the principal joint ventures that the Group and the
             joint venture partner will be entitled to nominate the general manager and deputy
             general manager respectively in turn and when the general manager is nominated by
             the Group, the deputy general manager will be nominated by the joint venture partner
             and vice versa.


       (E)   Confirmation by the Independent Non-executive Directors
             The independent non-executive directors of the Company confirm that for the year
             ended 31 December 2025, the above continuing connected transactions entered into
             by the Company as one of the parties are:


             (1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;


             (2)   on normal commercial terms or, if there are not sufficient comparable
                   transactions to judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, or on
                   terms no less favourable to the Company than terms available to or from (as
                   appropriate) independent third parties; and


             (3)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are
                   fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders as a whole.


       (F)   Auditor’s Letter
             The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
             transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
             3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical
             Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on
             Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by
             the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued his
             unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the aforesaid
             continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.
             Auditor of the Company confirmed in such letter that for the year ended 31 December
             2025, in respect of the above continuing connected transaction to which the Company
             is one of the parties:




142
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                  (1)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the
                        disclosed continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the
                        Company’s Board;


                  (2)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group,
                        nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the
                        disclosed continuing connected transactions were not, in all material respects, in
                        accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;


                  (3)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the
                        disclosed continuing connected transactions were not entered into, in all
                        material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
                        transactions;


                  (4)   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected
                        transactions, nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe
                        that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual
                        cap as set by the Company.



XII.   MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE

       (I)   TRUSTS, CONTRACTS AND LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
             1.   Trusts
                  □Applicable   ✓N/A


             2.   Contracts
                  □Applicable   ✓N/A


             3.   Lease arrangements
                  □Applicable   ✓N/A




                                                                                                                143
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      (II)   GUARANTEE
                                                                           Unit: 0’000 Yuan   Currency: RMB


                 External Guarantee of the Company (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)
             Total guarantee incurred during the reporting period
              (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)                                                0
             Total balance of guarantee as at the end of the
              reporting period (A) (excluding those provided to
              subsidiaries)                                                                             0


                    Guarantee provided to subsidiaries by the Company and its subsidiaries
             Total guarantee provided to subsidiaries of the
              Company during the reporting period                                                    5,400
             Total balance of guarantee provided to subsidiaries of
              the Company as at the end of the reporting period (B)                                 32,300


                   Total guarantee of the Company (including those provided to subsidiaries)
             Total guarantee (A+B)                                                                  32,300
             Proportion of total guarantee in the net
              assets of the Company (%)                                                               0.32
             Including:
             Amount of guarantees provided to
              shareholders, beneficial controllers and
              their related parties (C)                                                                 0
             Amount of debt guarantees directly or
              indirectly provided for guaranteed parties
              with the gearing ratio exceeding 70% (D)                                                  0
             Amount of the total guarantees exceeding
              50% of net assets (E)                                                                     0
             Total amount of above three guarantees
              (C+D+E)                                                                                   0
             Description on unexpired guarantees that
              may be subject to joint liability                                                       N/A
             Description of guarantee                      Guarantees provided to subsidiaries during the
                                                           reporting period mainly included the guarantee
                                                           for customs duty issued to GAC Business,
                                                           GAC Trumpchi and its subsidiary Guangzhou
                                                           Qisheng Powertrain Co., Ltd. (廣州祺盛動力總成有
                                                           限公司) by GAC Finance Company, a subsidiary
                                                           of the Group.




144
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



(III) ENTRUSTED CASH ASSETS MANAGEMENT
   1.   Entrusted wealth management
        □Applicable      ✓N/A


   2.   Entrusted loans
        As of 31 December 2025, details of the undue entrusted loans are shown in the table
        below.


                                                                       Unit: 0’000 Yuan       Currency: RMB


                                                                   Termination
                                    Amount of    Commencement      date of         Annualised
                                    entrusted    date of           entrusted            rate of   Actual
        Name of the borrower             loan    entrusted loans   loans                return    recovery

        Changsha Magna                2,695.00   2024/10/14        2025/10/14            3.45%    Overdue and
         Automobile Exterior                                                                        unrecovered
         Decoration Co., Ltd. (長沙
         麥格納汽車外飾有限公司)

        Note: please refer to the “Announcement on Progress of Provision of Entrusted Loans to Its

              Investee Companies by a Subsidiary” disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange in the

              form of overseas regulatory announcement on 17 October 2025.


(IV) OTHER MATERIAL CONTRACTS
   □Applicable   ✓N/A




                                                                                                                145
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



  XIII. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS FROM NON-PUBLIC ISSUANCE OF
        A SHARES
      The non-public issuance of A shares of the Company was completed in November 2017 (details of
      which are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 17 November 2017).


      The shares issued under the non-public issuance of A shares are RMB denominated ordinary shares (A
      shares) with a nominal value of RMB1.00 per share listed on the SSE. The number of shares issued
      was 753,390,254 shares with an issue price of RMB19.91/A share. The net price to the Company of
      each security was RMB19.80. The five target subscribers for the non-public issuance of A shares
      are Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd, Guangzhou State-
      owned Assets Development Holdings Co., Ltd., GFHAM Wealth Management Select No.3 Private
      Investment Fund, Guangzhou Light Industry and Trade Group Co., Ltd. and Suiyong Holdings
      Co., Ltd. The closing price of A shares under the non-public issuance of A shares on 17 October
      2017, being the date on which the Company received the relevant approval from the CSRC, was
      RMB19.03.


      The actual amount of gross proceeds raised was RMB14,999,999,957.14 and the actual amount
      of net proceeds raised, after deducting the issuance expenses of RMB83,050,000.00 was
      RMB14,916,949,957.14.


      Proceeds from non-public issuance of A shares facilitated the comprehensive and sustainable
      development of the Company’s business. The implementation of the investment projects using the
      proceeds from the non-public issuance, on the one hand, further strengthened the research and
      development capability of the Company’s self-developed brands, promoted the establishment of
      its range of self-developed brands and enriched the product mix under such brands, while on the
      other hand, enabled the Company to keep abreast of future trend in new energy development of
      the vehicle industry, laying a solid foundation for the Company to seize a share in the new energy
      vehicle market. In addition, the proceeds from the non-public issuance optimised the Company’s
      capital structure and lowered the gearing ratio, which reduced the Company’s financial risk and
      cost of debt financing.




146
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised as of 31 December 2025 are set out below:



As of 31 December 2025
As of 31 December 2025, the amount of proceeds brought forward was RMB116,966,013.07 whereas
the total cumulative amount of utilised proceeds was RMB13,521,864,834.42 (inclusive of issuance
expenses). There was no inconsistency between the utilisation of the proceeds and the original
intended use.


Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised are set out below:


                                                                        Unit: 0’000 Yuan         Currency: RMB


                                             Total amount
                                             of investment
                                              commitment
                                                 from the          Amount         Cumulative Estimated
                                                 proceeds     invested for             amount time of
No.   Investment project                            raised       this year            invested completion

1     New energy vehicles and R&D of            480,000.00             0.00         479,422.30 Completed
        prospective technology project
2     GAEI phase 1 base expansion project        60,000.00             0.00           50,743.99 Completed
3     GAEI phase 2 base construction            100,000.00             0.00           76,518.68 Completed
        project
4     GAC proprietary brand project of            22,782.95            0.00           22,782.95 Completed
        Xinjiang
5     GAC improvement project of                220,000.00             0.00          152,350.38 Completed
        Hangzhou
6     GAC proprietary brands technological      250,000.00             0.00           212,165.22 Completed
        reformation project
7     GAC proprietary brands vehicle             277,157.79        33,479.70         257,279.52 Completed
        models projects
8     GAMC engine project                        50,000.00             0.00           48,581.73 Completed
9     GAMC gearbox project                       30,000.00             0.00           29,036.72 Completed
10    P6 gearbox development project              15,000.00            0.00           15,000.00 Completed
      Issuance expenses                                   –            0.00            8,305.00 –
      Total                                   1,504,940.74      33,479.70         1,352,186.49




                                                                                                                  147
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      As at 28 March 2024, as approved by the 60th meeting of the sixth session of the Board and
      the 19th meeting of the sixth session of Supervisory Committee of the Company, the Company
      proposed to change the unused remaining proceeds (including interest and cash management
      revenue) of a total of approximately RMB621.5779 million of the original fund-raising project
      “GAC proprietary brand project of Xinjiang” to the new fund-raising project “GAC proprietary
      brands vehicle models projects”. The total investment of the new fund-raising project amounted
      to approximately RMB1,355.83 million (of which the total investment of the A66 project was
      approximately RMB671.92 million, and that of the T68 project was approximately RMB683.91
      million). The proceeds intended for utilisation was approximately RMB621.5779 million (as at 31
      December 2023, the exact amount shall be subject to the balance in the special project account
      upon actual carrying forward), and the remaining funds were financed by the self-owned funds or
      self-raised funds. Reasons of the changes are that the second phase of investment in production
      capacity will be temporarily suspended in accordance with the development trend of the industry
      and the utilisation of the Company’s production capacity. Subsequently, feasibility studies will
      be further promoted combined with the industrial chain layout and sales volume, which shall be
      implemented with self- owned funds after being proved to be feasible. At the same time, the use
      of such certain proceeds raised will be adjusted to the development of new automobile models of
      self-developed brands.


      For further information on the deposit and actual utilisation of proceeds raised from the non-public
      issuance, please refer to the “2025 Annual Specific Report on the Deposit and Actual Utilisation of
      the Proceeds by Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.” disclosed by the Company on the website
      of the Stock Exchange on 27 March 2026. For information on the construction of GAC proprietary
      brand project of Xinjiang, please see “Announcement on the Changes of Use of Certain Proceeds
      Raised” disclosed by the Company on the website of the Stock Exchange on 28 March 2024 by way
      of overseas regulatory announcement.




148
                                                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




     Chapter 8

 CHANGES IN SHARES AND
 INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS
I.    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

      (I)   STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHARES
                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: share



                                                         Before change                        Increase/decrease in the change (+, -)                           After change
                                                                                                           Conversion
                                                                                                                 from
                                                                                                          contributed
                                                                  Percentage Issue of new                      capital                                                 Percentage
                                                      Number             (%)       shares   Bonus issue       surplus         Others      Subtotal         Number             (%)

            I. Restricted Shares                   26,048,350             0.25                                            -26,048,350   -26,048,350               0              0
                1. State-owned Share
                2. Shares held by state-
                    owned legal person
                3. Shares held by other
                    domestic entities              26,048,350             0.25                                            -26,048,350   -26,048,350               0              0
                   Including: Shares held by
                       domestic non-state-
                       owned legal persons
                          Shares held by
                             domestic natural
                             persons               26,048,350             0.25                                            -26,048,350   -26,048,350               0              0
                4. Shares held by foreign
                    entities
                   Including: Shares held by
                       overseas legal persons
                          Shares held by
                             overseas natural
                             persons
            II. Non-restricted tradable shares 10,315,469,900            99.75                                           -118,404,000   -118,404,000 10,197,065,900            100
                1. RMB-denominated
                     ordinary shares             7,383,697,595           71.40                                                                         7,383,697,595          72.41
                  2. Domestically-listed foreign
                     shares
                  3. Overseas listed foreign
                     shares                       2,931,772,305          28.35                                           -118,404,000   -118,404,000   2,813,368,305          27.59
                  4. Others
            III. Total shares                    10,341,518,250           100                                            -144,452,350   -144,452,350 10,197,065,900            100




                                                                                                                                                                                      149
  CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



             Explanation on changes in shares
             In accordance with the 2020 A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme,
             26,048,350 restricted A Shares were repurchased and cancelled during the reporting period
             due to its failure to comply with unlocking conditions. Meanwhile, in accordance with the
             share repurchase scheme, 118,404,000 H Shares repurchased during the reporting period
             were cancelled, resulting in a total reduction of 144,452,350 Shares.


             Effect of changes in shares on financial indicators such as earnings per share and net
             assets per share for the most recent year and most recent period (if any)
             □Applicable          ✓N/A


             Other disclosure deemed necessary by the Company or required by securities
             regulatory authorities
             □Applicable          ✓N/A



      (II)   CHANGES IN SHARES SUBJECT TO TRADING RESTRICTIONS
                                                                                                                                 Unit: share


                                                                            Increase in
                                                                            the number
                                          Number of                           of shares       Number of
                                       shares subject        Number of          subject shares subject
                                           to trading    shares released     to trading        to trading
                                       restrictions at     from trading     restrictions   restrictions at Reasons
                                     the beginning of        restrictions   during the     the end of the for trading      Date of lifting
             Name of shareholder             the year    during the year           year             year restrictions      trading restrictions

             2020 A share and              26,048,350                  0              0                0 Share incentive   N/A
               restricted share                                                                                 scheme
               incentive scheme of
               the Company
             Total                         26,048,350                  0              0                0    /              /



             Note: Shares subject to trading restrictions of the Company were restricted shares granted to the

                     participants pursuant to the 2020 A share option and restricted share incentive scheme of the

                     Company. As the performance conditions for the third vesting period were not met, 26,048,350

                     restricted shares were repurchased and cancelled on 16 January 2025. Following the cancellation

                     of these restricted shares, the Company no longer holds any restricted shares.




150
                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



II.   ISSUE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

      (I)   ISSUE OF SECURITIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                  Unit: share       Currency: RMB

                                                                                                        Number
                                                                    Issue                               of shares
                                                                price (or                               permitted       Termination
            Type of shares and their derivative                 interest    Amount      Date of         to be           date of
            securities                          Date of issue      rate)    issued      listing         traded          trading

            Bonds (including enterprise bonds,
              corporate bonds and debt financing
              instruments of non-financial
              enterprises):
            2025 First tranche green             15 December         1.8%   2 billion   15 December     2 billion       15 December
              technology innovation bonds           2025                                   2025                            2028


            Notes on issuance of securities during the reporting period:


            On 15 December 2025, the Company issued 2025 first tranche green technology innovation
            bonds with an issuance scale of RMB2 billion, with a term of 3 years, and an interest rate of 1.8%.




                                                                                                                                         151
  CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



      (II)   CHANGES IN TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES AND SHAREHOLDING
             STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY AND CHANGES IN ASSETS AND
             LIABILITIES STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY
             In accordance with the 2020 A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, the
             Company repurchased and cancelled 26,048,350 restricted A shares due to the failure to
             comply with unlocking conditions during the reporting period. Meanwhile, in accordance
             with the share repurchase scheme, the Company repurchased and cancelled 118,404,000 H
             shares, the total number of shares of the Company decreased by an aggregate of 144,452,350
             shares during the reporting period.



      (III) Existing Internal Staff Shares
             □Applicable   ✓N/A



  III. I N F O R M A T I O N O N S H A R E H O L D E R S A N D U L T I M A T E
       CONTROLLER

      (I)    TOTAL NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS
             Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end of the
              reporting period                                                                  134,625
             Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end of the
              month prior to the disclosure of the annual report                               139,440




152
                                                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



  (II) S H A R E H O L D I N G O F T O P T E N S H A R E H O L D E R S , T O P T E N
       SHAREHOLDERS OF CIRCULATING SHARES (OR HOLDERS OF
       SHARES NOT SUBJECT TO TRADING RESTRICTIONS) AS AT END OF
       THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                                                Unit: Share

                                   Shareholding of top ten shareholders (excluding shares lent under the margin refinancing transfer)



                                                      Increase/                                     Number of
                                                      decrease          Number of                  shares held
                                                     during the     shares held at                     subject
                                                      reporting     the end of the Percentage       to trading     Pledged, tagged or frozen Nature of
      Name of shareholder (Full name)                    period            period         (%)      moratorium           Status         Number shareholder

      GAIG (Note 1)                                            –      5,508,160,069       54.02               0             Nil                  0 State-owned
                                                                                                                                                     shareholder
      HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED (Note 2)                -118,297,431     2,810,122,779       27.56               0       Unknown           Unknown Foreign legal
                                                                                                                                                     person
      Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment               –       396,030,558         3.88               0        Pledged          62,095,610 State-owned
        Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣州匯垠天粵股                                                                                                           legal person
        權投資基金管理有限公司)
      Guangzhou Industrial Investment and Capital              –        143,973,553         1.41              0             Nil                 0 State-owned
        Operation Holding Group Ltd. (廣州產業投資                                                                                                        legal person
        控股集團有限公司)
      Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets                        –       140,738,735          1.38              0             Nil                 0 Other
        Management Co, Ltd. – GFHAM Wealth
        Management Select No. 3 Private
        Investment Fund (廣州金控資產管理有限公司－
        廣金資產財富管理優選3號私募投資基金)
      HONG Zejun                                      -1,300,000       131,000,000          1.28              0             Nil                 0 Domestic natural
                                                                                                                                                    person
      Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company          -26,256,387        57,884,481         0.57               0             Nil                 0 Foreign legal
         Limited                                                                                                                                    person
      Guangzhou Light Industry & Trade Group Co.,              –         51,084,691        0.50               0             Nil                 0 State-owned
         Ltd. (廣州輕工工貿集團有限公司)                                                                                                                        legal person
      ICBC-China AMC SSE-SZSE 300 Index Securities    -1,505,880        36,740,852         0.36               0             Nil                 0 Other
         Investment Fund (中國工商銀行股份有限公司－
         華泰柏瑞滬深300交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)
      China Construction Bank Corporation –             -300,100        26,094,071         0.26               0             Nil                 0 Other
         E FUND CSI 300 Trading Open Index
         Sponsored Securities Investment Fund (中國
         建設銀行股份有限公司－易方達滬深300交易型開
         放式指數發起式證券投資基金)


                                                                                                                                                                    153
  CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



                                                                                          Unit: Share

                       Particulars of shareholdings of the top ten holders of tradable
                                   shares not subject to trading restrictions


                                                       Number of
                                                  tradable shares
                                                      not subject              Class and
                                                       to trading           number of shares
       Name of shareholder                            restrictions    Class               Number

       GAIG (Note 1)                                 5,508,160,069    A shares, H    5,508,160,069
                                                                        shares
       HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED (Note 2)                2,810,122,779   Overseas       2,810,122,779
                                                                        listed
                                                                        foreign
                                                                        shares
       Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity                 396,030,558    RMB ordinary       396,030,558
        Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd.                            shares
        (廣州匯垠天粵股權投資基金管理有限公司)
       Guangzhou Industrial Investment and             143,973,553    RMB ordinary       143,973,553
        Capital Operation Holding Group Ltd.                           shares
        (廣州產業投資控股集團有限公司)
       Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets               140,738,735    RMB ordinary       140,738,735
        Management Co, Ltd. – GFHAM Wealth                             shares
        Management Select No. 3 Private
        Investment Fund (廣州金控資產管理有限公
        司－廣金資產財富管理優選3號私募投資基金)
       HONG Zejun                                      131,000,000    RMB ordinary       131,000,000
                                                                       shares
       Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company         57,884,481       RMB ordinary    57,884,481
         Limited                                                       shares
       Guangzhou Light Industry & Trade Group         51,084,691      RMB ordinary    51,084,691
         Co., Ltd. (廣州輕工工貿集團有限公司)                                      shares
       ICBC-China AMC SSE-SZSE 300 Index             36,740,852       RMB ordinary   36,740,852
         Securities Investment Fund (中國工商銀行                            shares
         股份有限公司－華泰柏瑞滬深300交易型開放
         式指數證券投資基金)
       China Construction Bank Corporation –          26,094,071 RMB ordinary         26,094,071
         E FUND CSI 300 Trading Open Index                          shares
         Sponsored Securities Investment Fund
         (中國建設銀行股份有限公司－易方達滬深300
         交易型開放式指數發起式證券投資基金)
       Description of related relationship or  GAIG, the largest shareholder of the Company, is
         concerted party relationship among the not related to any of the above shareholders,
         above shareholders                     nor is it a party acting in concert with any of
                                                them, and it is not known to the Company
                                                whether other shareholders are related to each
                                                other or whether they are parties acting in
                                                concert.

154
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



     Notes

     1:      GAIG held 5,206,932,069 A shares of the Company in total, representing approximately 70.52%

             of the A share capital of the Company. At the same time, GAIG held 301,228,000 H shares of

             the Company in total through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect

             and Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary), representing

             approximately 10.71% of the H share capital of the Company. The total number of A and H shares

             of the Company held by GAIG was 5,508,160,069 shares, representing approximately 54.02% of the

             total share capital of the Company;



     2:      H shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited were held on behalf of a number of clients. H shares

             of the Company held by Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited are also registered in trust

             with HKSCC Nominees Limited. During the reporting period, the decrease in the number of shares

             held by it was primarily due to the Company’s cancellation of 118,404,000 repurchased H shares

             on 27 February 2025.


     Participation of shareholders holding more than 5% of the shares, top ten
     shareholders and top ten shareholders not subject to trading restrictions in shares
     lent under the margin refinancing transfer business
     □Applicable      ✓N/A


     Changes in top 10 shareholders and top 10 shareholders of tradable shares not
     subject to trading restrictions compared to the previous period due to reasons
     related to shares lent/returned through refinancing
     □Applicable      ✓N/A


     Number of shares subject to trading restrictions held by top 10 shareholders and
     conditions of trading restrictions
     □Applicable      ✓N/A



  (III) STRATEGIC INVESTOR OR ORDINARY LEGAL PERSON BECOMING
        TOP 10 SHAREHOLDERS AFTER PLACING OF NEW SHARES
     □Applicable      ✓N/A




                                                                                                              155
  CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



  IV. STATUS OF CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND ULTIMATE
      CONTROLLER

      (I)   CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
            1   Legal person
                Name                                   Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd.
                Responsible person of                  Feng Xingya
                 the institution or legal
                 representative
                Date of establishment                  18 October 2000
                Principal business                     Corporate management; corporate headquarters
                                                         management; engagement in investment
                                                         activities with self-owned funds; property
                                                         management; leasing of non-residential real
                                                         estate.
                Equity interests in other controlled   Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co.,
                 and invested companies whose            Ltd. holds 22.68% equity interest of Chenqi
                 shares were listed in the PRC or        Technology Limited (如祺出行科技有限公司), a
                 overseas during the reporting           H-share listed company.
                 period
                Other matters                          Nil

            2   Natural person
                □ Applicable    ✓ N/A


            3   Special explanation on absence of a controlling shareholder of the Company
                □ Applicable    ✓ N/A




156
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



         4   Explanation of changes of controlling shareholder during the reporting period
             □ Applicable   ✓ N/A


         5   Chart showing the ownership and controlling relationship between the
             Company and the controlling shareholder


               Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd.

                                      54.02%

              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.



  (II)   ULTIMATE CONTROLLER
         1   Legal person
             The ultimate controller of the Company is Guangzhou State-Owned Assets
             Administration Bureau, which is a department directly under the Guangzhou Municipal
             People’s Government, and as authorised by the Guangzhou Municipal People’s
             Government. It performs the obligation of the investor on behalf of the Guangzhou
             Municipal People’s Government and is responsible for the supervision of municipal
             state-owned assets.


         2   Natural person
             □ Applicable   ✓ N/A


         3   Special explanation on absence of an ultimate controller of the Company
             □ Applicable   ✓ N/A


         4   Details about changes of control over the Company during the reporting period
             □ Applicable   ✓ N/A




                                                                                                       157
  CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



           5     Chart showing the ownership and controlling relationship between the
                 Company and the ultimate controller


                     State-Owned Assets Administration Bureau of        Department of Finance of
                      Guangzhou Municipal People's Government             Guangdong Province
                                   90%                                              10%


                                                     Guangzhou Automobile
                                                     Industry Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                   54.02%

                                                    Guangzhou Automobile
                                                        Group Co., Ltd.

           6     The ultimate controller controlled the Company through a trust or other asset
                 management company
                 □ Applicable        ✓ N/A



      (Ill) OTHER INFORMATION OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND
            THE ULTIMATE CONTROLLER
           □ Applicable      ✓ N/A



  V. THE CUMULATIVE NUMBER OF SHARES PLEDGED BY THE
     COMPANY’S CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OR THE LARGEST
     SHAREHOLDER AND THEIR CONCERT PARTIES ACCOUNT FOR
     MORE THAN 80% OF THE TOTAL SHARES THEY HOLD IN THE
     COMPANY
      □ Applicable   ✓ N/A



  VI. OTHER CORPORATE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING MORE THAN
      10% OF SHARES
      □ Applicable   ✓ N/A




158
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



VII. SPECIFIC IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE REPURCHASE DURING
     THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                           Unit: 100 million    Currency: RMB


   Name of share repurchase plan                 The plan on repurchase of shares by way of centralized
                                                   bidding
   Disclosure date of share repurchase           28 March 2024
    plan
   Number of shares proposed to be               A total of 136,735,372 to 273,470,744 shares have been
    repurchased and proportion to total            repurchased, accounting for 1.30% to 2.61% of the total
    share capital (%)                              share capital.
   Amount of proposed repurchase                 No less than RMB500 million and no more than RMB1
                                                   billion (inclusive)
   Period of proposed repurchase                 No more than 12 months from the date when the
                                                   Company’s general meeting considered and approved
                                                   the share repurchase plan
   Purpose of repurchase                         A shares were used for share incentives or employee
                                                   shareholding, and H shares were used for cancellation.
   Number of shares repurchased (share)          As of the expiration of the repurchase period, a total of
                                                   300,051,854 shares had been repurchased, of which
                                                   14,799,854 shares were A shares and 285,252,000
                                                   shares were H shares.
   Number of shares repurchased as a             N/A
    percentage of the underlying shares
    under the share option incentive
    scheme (%)
   Progress of the Company to reduce             Nil
    shareholding of shares repurchased
    through centralized bidding


   Note: Number of shares proposed to be repurchased and proportion to total share capital were calculated

         based on the Company’s total share capital and market price at the time of disclosure of the repurchase

         plan.




                                                                                                                  159
  CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



  VIII. INTERESTS REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE SFO
      As of 31 December 2025, the names of the persons (other than directors and supervisors) entitled to
      exercise 5% or more of the voting rights at any general meeting of the Company and the number
      of shares, as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336
      of the SFO are set out below:


                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                                            in the class of        Percentage of
                          Class of                                        Number of           issued share             total share
      Name                shares        Capacity                        shares (Note 1)   capital (Note 2) (%)   capital (Note 3) (%)

      GAIG Note 4         A shares      Beneficial owner             5,206,932,069 (L)                  70.52                  51.06
                          H shares      Interest of a controlled      301,228,000 (L)                   10.71                   2.95
                                          corporation
      HONG Zejun          H shares      Beneficial owner              374,000,000 (L)                   13.29                   3.67



      Notes:

      1.       (L) – Long Position, (S) – Short Position, (P) – Lending Pool



      2.       The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s issued ordinary A shares as at 31 December

               2025 (i.e. 7,383,697,595 shares, including 14,799,854 treasury shares).



      3.       The percentages are calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares in issue as at 31 December

               2025 (i.e. 10,197,065,900 shares, including 14,799,854 treasury shares).



      4.       As of 31 December 2025, the total number of A shares of the Company actually held by GAIG was

               5,206,932,069 shares, representing approximately 70.52% of the A share capital of the Company. At the

               same time, through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Guangzhou Auto

               Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary), GAIG held 301,228,000 H shares of the Company

               in total, representing approximately 10.71% of the H share capital of the Company. The total number of A

               and H shares of the Company held by GAIG was 5,508,160,069 shares, representing approximately 54.02%

               of the total share capital of the Company.




160
                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



IX. PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF
    THE COMPANY
   Pursuant to the “Resolution on the Share Repurchase Plan through Centralised Bidding” which was
   passed by Shareholders at the 2023 annual general meeting held on 20 May 2024, the Company
   might make on-market repurchases of in total not more than 738,828,395 A Shares and 309,862,030
   H Shares at the then prevailing market prices on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Stock
   Exchange respectively during the relevant period (the “Repurchase Mandate”). The repurchase
   period for A Shares and H Shares under the Repurchase Mandate has expired at the 2024 annual
   general meeting held on 23 May 2025.


   The monthly breakdown of the Shares repurchased under the Repurchase Mandate by the
   Company during the reporting period is as follows:


                            A Shares (on-market repurchase                       H Shares (on-market repurchase
   2025                    on the Shanghai Stock Exchange)                             on the Stock Exchange)
                                                               Total                                                   Total
                                                         repurchase                                             repurchase
                                                        value (RMB)                                             value (HKD)
                       Number     Highest     Lowest    (transaction        Number       Highest    Lowest      (transaction
                     of Shares      price       price           fees      of Shares        price      price            fees
   Month           repurchased      (RMB)      (RMB)      exclusive)    repurchased        (HKD)      (HKD)       exclusive)

   January                  0*           –          –               –    24,496,000#         3.16       3.02      75,785,420
   February                  0           –          –               –             0             –          –               –
   March                     0           –          –               –             0             –          –               –
   April              1,288,404       7.79       7.73    9,999,365.48             0             –          –               –
   May                       0           –          –               –             0             –          –               –
   June                    N/A           –          –               –           N/A             –          –               –
   July                    N/A           –          –               –           N/A             –          –               –
   August                  N/A           –          –               –           N/A             –          –               –
   September               N/A           –          –               –           N/A             –          –               –
   October                 N/A           –          –               –           N/A             –          –               –
   November                N/A           –          –               –           N/A             –          –               –
   December                N/A           –          –               –           N/A             –          –               –
   Total             1,288,404       7.79       7.73    9,999,365.48     24,496,000          3.16      3.02      75,785,420




                                                                                                                               161
  CHANGES IN SHARES AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



       *     As the vesting conditions for the third restricted period under the 2020 A Share Option and Restricted

             Share Incentive Scheme were not met, the Company repurchased and cancelled 26,048,350 restricted

             A Shares previously granted on 16 January 2025. However, such repurchase was directly conducted by

             the Company with the relevant scheme participants, rather than in accordance with the Repurchase

             Mandate.



       #
             On 14 January 2025, 22 January 2025 and 23 January 2025, the Company repurchased 8,090,000 H Shares,

             8,160,000 H Shares and 8,246,000 H Shares, respectively. In January 2025, an aggregate of 24,496,000 H

             Shares were repurchased.


       In summary, as of 31 December 2025, through centralized bidding, a total of 1,288,404 A Shares
       were repurchased at the aggregate consideration of RMB9,999,365.48 (exclusive of transaction
       fees), and the Company increased 1,288,404 A Shares as its treasury Shares. Meanwhile, a total
       of 24,496,000 H Shares were repurchased at the aggregate consideration of HK$75,785,420
       (exclusive of transaction fees). A total of 118,404,000 H Shares repurchased during the period from
       4 December 2024 to 23 January 2025 (including the repurchased H Shares as shown in the table
       above) were fully cancelled on 27 February 2025. As at 31 December 2025, the Company held
       14,799,854 A Shares as treasury Shares. According to the Share repurchase plan through centralized
       bidding disclosed by the Company on 28 March 2024, the A Shares repurchased by the Company
       were intended for the implementation of Share option incentive scheme or employee stock
       ownership scheme. If the Company fails to fully utilize the repurchased shares within 36 months
       following the completion of the share repurchase, the repurchased shares not yet utilized then
       would be cancelled.


       Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has redeemed any of its
       listed securities during the reporting period. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
       purchased or sold any of the listed securities of the Company during the year.



  X.   PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS AND PUBLIC FLOAT
       There is no provision for pre-emptive rights of the shareholders in the Articles of Association and
       the relevant laws, and they are not entitled to ask the Company to issue shares to them pre-
       emptively in proportion to their shareholding.


       Based on the information publicly available and to the knowledge of the directors, as at the latest
       practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, the Company has met the minimum
       requirement on public float of H shares under the Listing Rules.




162
Financial
Report
      INDEPENDENT
      AUDITOR’S REPORT
  Independent auditor’s report to the members of
  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
  (Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



  OPINION
  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (“the Company”)
  and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 172 to 314, which comprise the consolidated statement
  of financial position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated
  statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity
  and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting
  policy information and other explanatory information.


  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
  of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
  flows for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong
  Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
  disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



  BASIS FOR OPINION
  We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the
  HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
  the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
  accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as applicable to
  audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
  accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
  to provide a basis for our opinion.




164
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment, land use rights and intangible assets
associated with passenger vehicles production
Refer to notes 12, 13 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Key Audit Matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit


As at 31 December 2025, the aggregated carrying        Our audit procedures to assess impairment of PP&E,
value of the Group’s property, plant and equipment     land use rights and intangible included the following:
(“PP&E”), land use rights and intangible assets
associated with passenger vehicles production          • obtaining an understanding of the design and
amounted to RMB28,630,545,000.                           implementation of key internal controls relating to
                                                         the impairment assessment of CGUs;
An impairment loss of RMB1,297,796,000 was
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit     • assessing the management’s evaluation of indicators
or loss and other comprehensive income for the year      of impairment, identification of CGU, the allocation
ended 31 December 2025.                                  of PP&E, land use rights and intangible assets to
                                                         each CGU with reference to our understanding of the
The Group’s PP&E, land use rights and intangible         Group and the requirements of prevailing accounting
assets associated with passenger vehicles                standards;
production are allocated to relevant cash generating
units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of assessing if there   • involving our internal valuation specialists, on a sample
is any indication of impairment as at 31 December        basis, to assist us in assessing the appropriateness of
2025.                                                    the valuation methodology adopted by management
                                                         in the preparation of the discounted cash flow forecast
Where indicators of impairment of the Group’s CGUs       with reference to the requirements of the prevailing
are identified, management performs an impairment        accounting standards and the reasonableness of the
assessment of the CGUs by comparing the carrying         discount rates applied in the discounted cash flow
value of each CGU with its recoverable amount,           forecast by considering whether these were within
which is the higher of its fair value less costs of      the range adopted by other companies in the same
disposal and value in use based on discounted cash       industry;
flow forecasts.



                                                                                                                    165
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




  Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment, land use rights and intangible assets
  associated with passenger vehicles production (continued)
  Refer to notes 12, 13 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

  The Key Audit Matter                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit


  Management exercises significant judgement            • challenging the reasonableness of growth rate of
  in determining certain key assumptions, which           revenue, gross margin and the discount rates by
  include growth rate of revenue, gross margin and        comparing these with the financial budget which was
  the discount rates applied, when preparing the          approved by the management, historical performance
  discounted cash flow forecasts.                         of relevant CGUs and our knowledge of the business
                                                          of Group;
  We identified the impairment assessment of PP&E,
  land use rights and intangible assets associated      • comparing the assumptions used in discounted cash
  with passenger vehicles production as a key audit       flow forecasts prepared in the prior year with the
  matter because determining the level of impairment,     current year’s performance and making enquiries of
  if any, involves a significant degree of management     management as to the reasons for any significant
  judgement, which can be inherently uncertain and        variations identified to identify if there were any
  could be subject to management bias.                    indications of management bias;


                                                        • performing sensitivity analyses on discount rates
                                                          applied and other key assumptions, to assess
                                                          the impact of changes on the conclusion reached
                                                          in management’s impairment assessments and
                                                          considering whether there were any indications of
                                                          management bias; and


                                                        • evaluating the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                          in the consolidated financial statements in respect
                                                          of the impairment recognition with reference to the
                                                          requirements of the prevailing accounting standards.




166
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Accrual of warranty provisions
Refer to note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Key Audit Matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit


As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s provision for      Our audit procedures to assess the warranty provisions
warranty was RMB2,433,815,000.                         included the following:


A warranty provision is accrued for the future claim   • obtaining an understanding of the design,
on the passenger vehicles sold, which involves           implementation and operating effectiveness of key
management’s estimates of the expected cost to           internal controls relating to the estimation of warranty
repair or replace items under the warranty period        provisions;
based on the estimated unit warranty cost for each
vehicle and the sales volume.                          • evaluating the appropriateness of the Group’s
                                                         policy for warranty provisions with reference to the
                                                         requirements of the prevailing accounting standards;


                                                       • involving our internal financial risk management
                                                         specialists to assist us in:


                                                             (a) assessing the appropriateness of the model
                                                                 adopted by management to estimate the warranty
                                                                 provision with reference to the requirements of the
                                                                 prevailing accounting standards;


                                                             (b) challenging the reasonableness of the estimated
                                                                 unit warranty cost for each vehicle by comparing
                                                                 with the actual claims, on a sample basis;




                                                                                                                      167
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




  Accrual of warranty provisions (continued)
  Refer to note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.

  The Key Audit Matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit


  We identified the estimation of warranty provisions    • assessing the relevance and reliability of the
  as a key audit matter because determining the            information that management uses in the estimation,
  warranty provisions requires the exercise of             by comparing:
  significant management judgement, which is
  inherently subjective.                                       (a) the historical actual claims with claims documents,
                                                                   on a sample basis;


                                                               (b) the historical sales volume and sales date with
                                                                   sales receipts, on a sample basis; and


                                                         • re-performing the calculation of accrual of warranty
                                                           provisions prepared by management.




168
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information
included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon. We have performed an assurance engagement on the disclosed
continuing connected transactions that form part of the other information and provided a separate assurance
practitioner’s conclusion thereon that is included within the other information.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary
to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.




                                                                                                                       169
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
  whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
  includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
  responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
  with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
  and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
  the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


  As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
  scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


  •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
        due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
        evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
        material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
        collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal control.


  •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
        are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
        of the Group’s internal control.


  •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
        and related disclosures made by the directors.


  •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
        based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
        that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
        that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
        disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
        opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
        However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




170
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
      and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
      group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work
      performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lam Kai Wa (practising
certificate number: P04696).




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


27 March 2026
                                                                                                                           171
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      PROFIT OR LOSS
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (Expressed in Renminbi)
                                                              Note          2025            2024
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000


      Revenue                                                  3        96,542,390     107,783,807
       Cost of sales                                                  (101,967,311)   (105,345,899)


      Gross (loss)/profit                                               (5,424,921)      2,437,908
       Selling and distribution costs                          6        (5,890,788)     (5,416,689)
       Administrative expenses                                 6        (5,385,720)     (5,833,509)
       Net impairment losses on financial assets              35(a)       (103,951)     (1,032,182)
       Interest income                                         4           249,101         312,678
       Other net gains                                         5         2,488,351       6,097,914


      Operating loss                                                   (14,067,928)     (3,433,880)
       Interest income                                         4           161,433         271,571
       Finance costs                                          6(a)        (638,948)       (562,994)
       Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates   17         2,485,260       2,998,268


      Loss before taxation                                     6       (12,060,183)       (727,035)
       Income tax credit                                       7           578,456         232,988


      Loss for the year                                                (11,481,727)       (494,047)




172
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                      (Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                Note               2025                  2024
                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000


 Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                          (8,783,621)              823,579
  Non-controlling interests                                                   (2,698,106)           (1,317,626)


 Loss for the year                                                           (11,481,727)              (494,047)


 (Loss)/earnings per share (expressed in RMB per share)          11
   Basic                                                                             (0.85)                 0.08


   Diluted                                                                           (0.85)                 0.08


The notes on pages 183 to 314 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity
shareholders of the Company attributable to the (loss)/profit for the year are set out in note 33(c).




                                                                                                                   173
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
      LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (Expressed in Renminbi)
                                                                       Note        2025         2024
                                                                                RMB’000      RMB’000


      Loss for the year                                                       (11,481,727)   (494,047)


      Other comprehensive income for the year                          10


      Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
         Equity investments at FVOCI – net movement in fair value
           reserves (non-recycling)                                               60,441     (263,241)
         Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and
           associates accounted for using the equity method            17          (7,475)     (4,333)
         Remeasurement of defined benefit plan obligations             29         (13,778)     (5,033)
         Income tax relating to these items                                        (9,803)   138,530


                                                                                  29,385     (134,077)


      Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit
         or loss:
         Exchange differences on translation of financial statements
           of overseas subsidiaries                                               12,318      15,351
         Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at fair value
           through other comprehensive income                                     28,281      44,961
         (Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment loss on debt
           instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
           income                                                                  (6,356)      5,167
         Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and
           associates accounted for using the equity method            17          (4,944)        283
         Income tax relating to these items                                        (4,490)    (12,607)


                                                                                  24,809      53,155




174
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                               Note               2025                  2024
                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


 Other comprehensive income for the year                                          54,194               (80,922)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                    (11,427,533)              (574,969)


 Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                         (8,755,096)              740,765
  Non-controlling interests                                                  (2,672,437)           (1,315,734)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                    (11,427,533)              (574,969)


The notes on pages 183 to 314 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                  175
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      FINANCIAL POSITION
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (Expressed in Renminbi)
                                                                               31 December    31 December
                                                                       Note           2025           2024
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                     12       27,064,287    28,395,996
      Investment properties                                             12        1,296,884       984,353
      Right-of-use assets                                               13        8,845,264     9,430,513
      Intangible assets                                                 14       17,074,046    16,990,615
      Time deposits                                                     22        1,679,461       940,000
      Goodwill                                                          15           93,835        93,706
      Investments in joint ventures and associates                      17       35,555,649    30,122,264
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
        income (“FVOCI”)                                               18(a)      7,551,277    11,716,266
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)   18(b)      5,061,883     1,972,042
      Prepayments and other long-term receivables                       21        6,539,412    15,003,461
      Deferred tax assets                                              31(b)      6,204,446     5,777,101


                                                                                116,966,444   121,426,317


      Current assets
      Financial assets at FVOCI                                        18(a)     13,436,397    14,238,125
      Financial assets at FVPL                                         18(b)      4,382,112     2,558,787
      Inventories                                                       19       16,445,554    15,688,476
      Trade receivables and other current assets                        20       26,320,405    28,002,526
      Contract assets                                                                 2,689        18,790
      Time deposits                                                     22        7,228,413     9,939,925
      Restricted cash                                                   23        6,372,038     4,157,330
      Cash and cash equivalents                                         24       23,843,381    36,482,090


                                                                                 98,030,989   111,086,049

  The notes on pages 183 to 314 form part of these financial statements.




176
                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                         Annual Report 2025




          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                    31 December           31 December
                                        Note               2025                  2024
                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000


Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                 25            54,663,948            63,226,725
Contract liabilities                     26             2,965,855             2,573,115
Current taxation                        31(a)              83,951               415,478
Loans and borrowings                     27            28,082,981            23,321,740
Lease liabilities                        28               391,492               456,396
Provisions                               32               913,774               784,606


                                                       87,102,001            90,778,060


Net current assets                                     10,928,988            20,307,989


Total assets less current liabilities                 127,895,432          141,734,306


Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables                 25             4,539,157             4,193,388
Loans and borrowings                     27             9,697,265            11,968,855
Lease liabilities                        28             1,808,514             1,727,522
Deferred tax liabilities                31(b)             465,762               579,744
Provisions                               32             1,560,764             1,326,752
Contract liabilities                     26                86,252               107,438


                                                       18,157,714            19,903,699


NET ASSETS                                            109,737,718          121,830,607




                                                                                           177
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
  For the year ended 31 December 2025
  (Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                           31 December    31 December
                                                                 Note             2025           2024
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


      CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital                                              33(d)       10,197,066    10,341,518
      Reserves                                                   33(a)       46,660,474    46,647,855
      Retained earnings                                                      48,428,018    57,418,733


      Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
       of the Company                                                       105,285,558   114,408,106
      Non-controlling interests                                               4,452,160     7,422,501


      TOTAL EQUITY                                                          109,737,718   121,830,607


  Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2026.




  Feng Xingya                                            Xia Xianqing
  Chairman                                               Director

  The notes on pages 183 to 314 form part of these financial statements.




178
                                                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Renminbi)                                      Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                             Non-
                                                               Share                       Retained                    controlling
                                                   Note       capital      Reserves        earnings         Total        interests   Total equity
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                           (note33(d))     (note33(a))


 Balance at 1 January 2024                                 10,490,234     47,317,286     57,966,657     115,774,177     8,679,635    124,453,812


 Changes in equity for 2024:
 Profit/(loss) for the year                                         –              –        823,579        823,579     (1,317,626)      (494,047)
 Other comprehensive income                         10              –        (82,814)             –         (82,814)        1,892         (80,922)


 Total comprehensive income                                         –        (82,814)       823,579        740,765     (1,315,734)      (574,969)


 Appropriation to general risk reserve              33              –         24,112         (24,112)             –             –               –
 Dividend declared by the Company and
    subsidiaries                                   33(c)            –               –     (1,355,760)    (1,355,760)     (116,628)     (1,472,388)
 Contributions from non-controlling shareholders
    of subsidiaries                                                 –              –               –              –       128,502        128,502
 Repurchase and cancellation of shares             33(d)     (166,848)      (654,377)              –       (821,225)            –       (821,225)
 Employee share-based awards scheme
    – Value of employee services                   30(b)           –          (16,842)             –        (16,842)            –         (16,842)
    – Proceeds from shares issued                  33(d)      21,462         175,775               –       197,237              –        197,237
    – Repurchase and cancellation of restricted
       shares                                      33(d)       (3,330)         3,330              –               –             –              –
 Share of changes in investment in associates                       –       (119,904)             –        (119,904)            –       (119,904)
 Others                                                             –          1,289          8,369           9,658        46,726         56,384


 Balance at 31 December 2024                               10,341,518     46,647,855     57,418,733     114,408,106     7,422,501    121,830,607


The notes on pages 183 to 314 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                     179
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
  For the year ended 31 December 2025
  (Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                  Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                                  Non-
                                                                     Share                      Retained                    controlling
                                                        Note        capital      Reserves       earnings         Total        interests   Total equity
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                (note33(d))    (note33(a))


      Balance at 31 December 2024 and
        1 January 2025                                          10,341,518     46,647,855     57,418,733     114,408,106     7,422,501    121,830,607


      Changes in equity for 2025:
      Loss for the year                                                  –              –      (8,783,621)    (8,783,621)   (2,698,106)   (11,481,727)
      Other comprehensive income                         10              –         28,525               –         28,525        25,669         54,194


      Total comprehensive income                                         –         28,525      (8,783,621)    (8,755,096)   (2,672,437)   (11,427,533)


      Appropriation to general risk reserve              33              –         41,057        (41,057)              –             –              –
      Dividends declared                                33(c)            –              –       (203,645)       (203,645)     (101,376)      (305,021)
      Contributions from non-controlling shareholders
         of subsidiaries                                                 –              –               –              –        39,580         39,580
      Disposals of a subsidiary                         34(b)            –              –               –              –      (286,093)      (286,093)
      Repurchase of shares                              33(d)            –        (79,978)              –        (79,978)            –        (79,978)
      Cancellation of shares                            33(d)     (118,404)       118,404               –              –             –              –
      Employee share-based awards scheme
         – Value of employee services                   30(b)            –       (123,756)              –       (123,756)            –       (123,756)
         – Cancellation of restricted shares            33(d)      (26,048)        26,048               –              –             –              –
      Share of changes in investment in associates
         and joint ventures                                              –         39,996              –         39,996              –         39,996
      Disposal of equity investments at FVOCI                            –        (37,608)        37,608              –              –              –
      Others                                                             –            (69)             –            (69)        49,985         49,916


      Balance at 31 December 2025                               10,197,066     46,660,474     48,428,018     105,285,558     4,452,160    109,737,718


  The notes on pages 183 to 314 form part of these financial statements.




180
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW
STATEMENT
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Renminbi)
                                                               Note         2025                  2024
                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


Operating activities
Cash (used in)/generated from operations                       24(b)   (15,501,279)           9,314,578
Interest received                                                          334,673              584,184
Interest paid                                                  24(c)      (514,234)          (1,096,754)
Income tax paid                                                31(a)      (517,721)            (502,779)


Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                 (16,198,561)           8,299,229


Investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment, land use rights
  and intangible assets                                                 (8,960,980)         (10,859,240)
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and
  intangible assets                                                         85,615              159,660
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash and cash equivalent
  acquired                                                                  60,830                22,168
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                   (24,445)                    –
Disposals of subsidiaries, net of cash and cash equivalent
  disposed of                                                             (354,643)                   –
Investment in joint ventures and associates                             (4,035,111)          (1,824,444)
Disposals or capital reduction of joint ventures and
  associates                                                              733,854               877,932
Acquisition of investment in financial assets at FVPL, FVOCI
  and amortised cost                                                   (73,917,176)         (43,685,659)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVPL, FVOCI
  and amortised cost and investment income                             74,845,556            30,187,598
Proceeds from repayment of entrusted loans                                      –                 42,629
Receipt of government grants related to assets                            662,994              1,117,599
Dividends received                                                      3,909,407            11,810,795
Redemption of deposits in a joint venture                               2,500,000                      –
Net changes in time deposits                                            1,972,051             (4,051,578)


Net cash used in investing activities                                   (2,522,048)         (16,202,540)




                                                                                                               181
  CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
  For the year ended 31 December 2025
  (Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                          Note            2025           2024
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000


      Financing activities


      Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares under employee
        share option scheme                                                                    –       197,237
      Repurchase of restricted shares under employee incentive
        scheme                                                                                 –        (127,209)
      Repurchase of ordinary shares                                   33(d)(ii)           (9,616)       (821,225)
      Contribution from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                      39,580         128,502
      Dividend paid to shareholders of the Company                   33(c)(i)/(ii)      (203,645)     (1,355,760)
      Dividend paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                      (98,208)       (103,114)
      Proceeds from loans and borrowings                               24(c)          42,648,476     43,950,488
      Repayments of loans and borrowings                               24(c)         (34,711,779)   (36,287,098)
      Net changes in assets sold under repurchase agreements           24(c)             295,867        (145,691)
      Principal element of lease payments                              24(c)            (610,516)       (617,923)
      Net changes in deposits for financing purpose                                   (1,298,812)              –


      Net cash generated from financing activities                                    6,051,347      4,818,207


      Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                      (12,669,262)    (3,085,104)


      Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                         36,482,090     39,522,331


      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                            30,553          44,863


      Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                            24(a)      23,843,381     36,482,090


  The notes on pages 183 to 314 form part of these financial statements.




182
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)



1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (a)   Statement of compliance
            These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards,
            which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
            (“HKFRS”), Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong
            Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the
            Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable
            disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
            Hong Kong Limited. Material accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.


            The HKICPA has issued certain new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first
            effective or available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(c)
            provides information on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these
            developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting period
            reflected in these financial statements.


      (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements
            The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the Company
            and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interest in associates
            and joint ventures.


            The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost
            basis except that the financial assets are stated at their fair value as explained in the note 1(g).


            The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires
            management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies
            and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated
            assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be
            reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements
            about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual
            results may differ from these estimates.




                                                                                                                      183
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements (Continued)
            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only
            that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current
            and future periods.

            Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRS Accounting Standards that have
            significant effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are
            discussed in note 2.


      (c)   Changes in accounting policies
            The Group has applied amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange
            rates – Lack of exchangeability issued by the HKICPA to these financial statements for the current
            accounting period. The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements
            as the Group has not entered into any foreign currency transactions in which the foreign currency
            is not exchangeable into another currency.


            The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
            accounting period.


      (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
            Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed
            to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
            those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included
            in the consolidated financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date
            on which control ceases.


            Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses (except for foreign
            currency transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised
            losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains,
            but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.




184
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)
          For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests (“NCI”)
          either at fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.
          NCI are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
          equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. NCI in the results of the Group
          are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated
          statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or
          loss and total comprehensive income for the year between NCI and the equity shareholders of the
          Company. Loans from holders of NCI and other contractual obligations towards these holders are
          presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance
          with notes 1(o) or (r) depending on the nature of the liability.


          Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted
          for as equity transactions.


          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the
          subsidiary, and any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is
          recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value
          when control is lost.


          In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
          impairment losses (see note 1(l)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal
          Group classified as held for sale).


    (e)   Associates and joint ventures
          An associate is an entity in which the Group or the Company has significant influence, but not control
          or joint control, over the financial and operating policies. A joint venture is an arrangement in which
          the Group or the Company has joint control, whereby the Group or the Company has the rights to
          the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.


          An interest in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it
          is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal Group classified as held for sale). They are
          initially recognised at cost, which includes transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial
          statements include the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”)
          of those investees, until the date on which significant influence or joint control ceases.




                                                                                                                    185
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (e)   Associates and joint ventures (Continued)
            When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the
            Group’s interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the
            extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of
            the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under
            the equity method, together with any other long-term interests that in substance form part of the
            Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture, after applying the ECL model to such
            other long-term interests where applicable (see note 1(l)(i)).


            Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against
            the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated
            in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment.


      (f)   Goodwill
            Goodwill arising on acquisition of businesses is measured at cost less accumulated impairment
            losses and is tested annually for impairment (see note 1(l)(iii)).


      (g)   Other investments in securities
            The Group’s policies for investments in securities, other than investments in subsidiaries, associates
            and joint ventures, are set out below.


            Investments in securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/
            sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable
            transaction costs, except for those investments measured at financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss (“FVPL”) for which transaction costs are recognised directly in profit or loss. For an
            explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see note 35(e). These
            investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.




186
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (g)   Other investments in securities (Continued)

          (i)    Non-equity investments
                 Non-equity investments are classified into one of the following measurement categories:


                 –     amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows
                       which represent solely payments of principal and interest. Expected credit losses,
                       interest income calculated using the effective interest method (see note 1(v)(ii)(c)),
                       foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss
                       on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.


                 –     FVOCI – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely
                       payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model
                       whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale.
                       Expected credit losses, interest income (calculated using the effective interest method)
                       and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss and computed
                       in the same manner as if the financial asset was measured at amortised cost. The
                       difference between the fair value and the amortised cost is recognised in OCI. When
                       the investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in OCI is recycled from equity
                       to profit or loss.


                 –     FVPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost
                       or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are
                       recognised in profit or loss.


          (ii)   Equity investments
                 An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL, unless the investment is not held
                 for trading purposes and on initial recognition the Group makes an irrevocable election to
                 designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair
                 value are recognised in OCI. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis,
                 but may only be made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s
                 perspective. If such election is made for a particular investment, at the time of disposal, the
                 amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings
                 and not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities,
                 irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as
                 other income (see note 1(v)(ii)(b)).



                                                                                                                   187
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (h)   Investment property
            Investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
            note 1(l)(iii)). Depreciation is calculated to write off the costs of investment properties, less their
            estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as
            follows:

            Buildings                                                                                 20 – 50 years


            Both the useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.


            Any gain or loss on disposal of investment property is recognised in profit or loss. Rental income
            from investment properties is recognised in accordance with note 1(v)(ii)(a).


      (i)   Property, plant and equipment
            Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are stated at cost, which includes capitalised
            borrowing costs, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses (see note
            1(l)(iii)):


            The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of materials,
            direct labor, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items
            and restoring the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production
            overheads. No depreciation is provided against construction in progress.


            Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit
            or loss.


            Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their
            estimated residual values, if any, using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives,
            and is generally recognised in profit or loss.




188
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (i)   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:


          –     Buildings situated on leasehold land are depreciated over their estimated useful life, being
                no more than 50 years after the date of completion.
          –     Machinery                                                                           5 to 15 years
          –     Vehicles                                                                            4 to 12 years
          –     Moulds                                                                               3 to 5 years
          –     Office and other equipment                                                          3 to 20 years
          –     Leasehold improvements                                                              2 to 20 years
          –     Right-of-use assets                                                           Over the lease term


          Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if
          appropriate.


    (j)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
          Expenditure on research activities is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Development expenditure
          is capitalised only if the expenditure can be measured reliably, the product or process is technically
          and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable and the Group intends to and
          has sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the resulting asset. Otherwise,
          it is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Capitalised development expenditure is subsequently
          measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.


          Other intangible assets, including patents and trademarks, that are acquired by the Group and
          have finite useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
          impairment losses (see note 1(l)(iii)).


          Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values
          using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and is generally recognised
          in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                     189
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (j)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (Continued)
            The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:


            –     Capitalised development costs is amortised over the period of expected future sales from
                  the related project for 3 to 6 years


            –     Patent, proprietary technology and trademarks                                     5 to 10 years


            –     Computer software and others                                                      2 to 10 years


            Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if
            appropriate.


      (k)   Leased assets
            At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This
            is the case if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
            time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to
            direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from
            that use.


            (i)   As a lessee
                  Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has
                  elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and
                  any associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.


                  At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease
                  liability, except for leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of
                  low-value items such as laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in
                  respect of a low-value item, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-
                  by-lease basis. If not capitalised, the associated lease payments are recognised in profit or
                  loss on a systematic basis over the lease term.




190
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (k)   Leased assets (Continued)

          (i)   As a lessee (Continued)
                Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of
                the lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in
                the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing
                rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest
                expense is recognised using the effective interest method. Variable lease payments that do
                not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability,
                and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.


                The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost,
                which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made
                at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate
                of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset
                or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset
                is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
                notes 1(i) and 1(l)(iii)).


                Refundable rental deposits are accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets in
                accordance with the accounting policy applicable to investments in non-equity securities
                carried at amortised cost (see notes 1(g)(i), 1(v)(ii)(c) and 1(l)(i)). Any excess of the nominal
                value over the initial fair value of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments
                made and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.


                The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a
                change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected
                to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of
                whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is
                remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
                right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use
                asset has been reduced to zero.




                                                                                                                        191
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (k)   Leased assets (Continued)

            (i)    As a lessee (Continued)
                   The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a
                   change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided
                   for in the lease contract, if such modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this
                   case, the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term
                   using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


                   In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease
                   liabilities is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be
                   settled within twelve months after the reporting period.


            (ii)   As a lessor
                   The Group determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
                   lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and
                   rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. Otherwise, the
                   lease is classified as an operating lease.


                   When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the
                   consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.
                   The rental income from operating leases is recognised in accordance with note 1(v)(ii)(a).


                   When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or
                   as an operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If
                   the head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in
                   note 1(k)(i), then the Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.




192
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (l)   Credit losses and impairment of assets

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”s) on:


                –     financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents,
                      trade receivables and other receivables (excluding prepayment and value-added tax
                      recoverable);


                –     non-equity securities measured at FVOCI (recycling) (see note 1(g)(i));


                –     lease receivables; and


                Measurement of ECLs
                ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are
                measured as the present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and
                expected amounts.


                For undrawn loan commitments, expected cash shortfalls are measured as the difference
                between (i) the contractual cash flows that would be due to the Group if the holder of the
                loan commitment draws down on the loan and (ii) the cash flows that the Group expects to
                receive if the loan is drawn down.


                The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect is material:


                –     fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective
                      interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;


                –     variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;


                –     lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable;


                –     loan commitments: current risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash flows.


                The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period
                over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.




                                                                                                                    193
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (l)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

            (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                  (Continued)
                  Measurement of ECLs (Continued)
                  ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:


                  –     12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that
                        are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the
                        expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months); and


                  –     lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the
                        expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.


                  The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the
                  following, which are measured at 12-months ECLs:


                  –     financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date;
                        and


                  –     other financial instruments (including loan commitments issued) for which credit risk
                        (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the financial instrument) has
                        not increased significantly since initial recognition.


                  Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime
                  ECLs.


                  Significant increases in credit risk
                  When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument (including a loan commitment)
                  has increased significantly since initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group
                  considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without
                  undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis,
                  based on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment, that includes
                  forward-looking information.




194
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (l)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                (Continued)
                Significant increases in credit risk (Continued)
                The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it
                is more than 180 days past due.


                For loan commitments, the date of initial recognition for the purpose of assessing ECLs is
                considered to be the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment. In
                assessing whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition
                of a loan commitment, the Group considers changes in the risk of default occurring on the
                loan to which the loan commitment relates.


                The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:


                –     the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse
                      by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held);


                The Group considers a financial instrument to have low credit risk when its credit risk rating
                is equivalent to the globally understood definition of ‘investment grade’.


                ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s
                credit risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an
                impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss
                for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through
                a loss allowance account, except for investments in non-equity securities that are measured
                at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in
                the fair value reserve (recycling) does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset
                in the statement of financial position (see note 1g(i)).




                                                                                                                   195
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (l)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

            (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                  (Continued)
                  Credit-impaired financial assets
                  At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A
                  financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
                  on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.


                  Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:


                  –     significant financial difficulties of the debtor;


                  –     a breach of contract;


                  –     the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would
                        not consider otherwise;


                  –     it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or


                  –     the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of
                        the issuer.


                  Write-off policy
                  The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable is written off to the extent
                  that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the asset
                  becomes 365 days past due or when the Group otherwise determines that the debtor does
                  not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the
                  amounts subject to the write-off.


                  Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal
                  of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




196
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (l)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (ii)   Credit losses from financial guarantees issued
                 Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified
                 payments to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder
                 incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the
                 terms of a debt instrument.


                 Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised at fair value, which is determined by
                 reference to fees charged in an arm’s length transaction for similar services, when such
                 information is obtainable, or to interest rate differentials, by comparing the actual rates charged
                 by lenders when the guarantee is made available with the estimated rates that lenders would
                 have charged, had the guarantees not been available, where reliable estimates of such
                 information can be made. Where consideration is received or receivable for the issuance
                 of the guarantee, the consideration is recognised in accordance with the Group’s policies
                 applicable to that category of asset. Where no such consideration is received or receivable,
                 an immediate expense is recognised in profit or loss.


                 The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract and
                 remeasures the above liability at a higher amount when ECLs on the financial guarantees are
                 determined to be higher than the carrying amount in respect of the guarantees.


                 A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that the specified debtor will default has increased
                 significantly since the guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL is measured. The
                 same definition of default and the same assessment of significant increase in credit risk as
                 described in note 1(l)(i) apply.


                 As the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the specified
                 debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is estimated
                 based on the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less
                 any amount that the Group expects to receive from the holder of the guarantee, the specified
                 debtor or any other party. The amount is then discounted using the current risk-free rate
                 adjusted for risks specific to the cash flows.




                                                                                                                     197
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (l)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

            (iii)   Impairment of other non-current assets
                    At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets
                    (other than investment property, inventories and other contract costs, contract assets and
                    deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such
                    indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill is tested annually
                    for impairment.


                    For impairment testing, assets are Grouped together into the smallest Group of assets that
                    generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
                    other assets or cash-generating units (“CGU”s). Goodwill arising from a business combination
                    is allocated to CGUs or Groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of
                    the combination.


                    The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value
                    less costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted
                    to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
                    of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.


                    An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its
                    recoverable amount.


                    Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the
                    carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying
                    amounts of the other assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis.


                    An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment
                    loss is reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the
                    carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no
                    impairment loss had been recognised.




198
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (l)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (iv)   Interim financial reporting and impairment
                 Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                 Limited, the Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS
                 34, Interim financial reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the
                 end of the interim period, the Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and
                 reversal criteria as it would at the end of the financial year (see notes 1(l)(i) and (ii)).


                 Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in
                 a subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been
                 recognised had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which
                 the interim period relates.


    (m)   Inventories and other contract costs

          (i)    Inventories
                 Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value as follows:


                 Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of
                 purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their
                 present location and condition.


                 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
                 estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


          (ii)   Other contract costs
                 Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer
                 or the costs to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory (see
                 note 1(m)(i)), property, plant and equipment (see note 1(i)) or intangible assets (see note 1(j)).


                 Incremental costs of obtaining a contract, e.g. sales commissions, are capitalised if the costs
                 relate to revenue which will be recognised in a future reporting period and the costs are
                 expected to be recovered. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.




                                                                                                                     199
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (m)   Inventories and other contract costs (Continued)

            (ii)   Other contract costs (Continued)
                   Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract
                   or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that
                   will be used to provide goods or services in the future; and are expected to be recovered.
                   Otherwise, costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as inventory, property, plant
                   and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.


                   Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment
                   losses. Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is recognised in profit or loss when the
                   revenue to which the asset relates is recognised (see note 1(v)(i)).


      (n)   Contract assets and contract liabilities
            A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see note 1(v)(i)) before being
            unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the terms in the contract. Contract assets
            are assessed for ECLs (see note 1(l)(i)) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the
            consideration becomes unconditional (see note 1(o)).


            A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before
            the Group recognises the related revenue (see note 1(v)(i)). A contract liability is also recognised
            if the Group has an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group
            recognises the related revenue. In such latter cases, a corresponding receivable is also recognised
            (see note 1(o)).


            When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest
            accrued under the effective interest method (see note 1(v)(i)).




200
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (o)   Trade and other receivables
          A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and
          only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.


          Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at
          their transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other
          receivables are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently
          stated at amortised cost (see note 1(l)(i)).


          Insurance reimbursement is recognised and measured in accordance with note 1(u).


    (p)   Cash and cash equivalents
          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks
          and other financial institutions that are held for meeting short-term cash commitments, and other
          short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and
          which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of
          maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL (see note 1(l)(i)).


    (q)   Trade and other payables (other than refund labilities)
          Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition,
          trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be
          immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amounts.


    (r)   Interest-bearing borrowings
          Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequently,
          these borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense
          is recognised in accordance with note 1(y).




                                                                                                                     201
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (s)   Employee benefits

            (i)    Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement
                   plans
                   Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is
                   recognised for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive
                   obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the
                   obligation can be estimated reliably.


                   Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are recognised as part
                   of the cost of assets or expensed as the related service is provided.


            (ii)   Defined benefit plan obligations
                   The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each
                   plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current
                   and prior periods, discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.


                   The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary
                   under the projected unit credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for
                   the Group, the recognised asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits available
                   in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.
                   To calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any applicable
                   minimum funding requirements.


                   Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and
                   losses, the return on plan assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any,
                   excluding interest), are recognised immediately in OCl. The Group determines the net interest
                   expense (income) on the net defined benefit liability (asset) for the period by applying the
                   discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual
                   period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes in the
                   net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit
                   payments. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are
                   recognised in profit or loss.


                   When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in
                   benefit that relates to past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately
                   in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit
                   plan when the settlement occur.
202
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (s)   Employee benefits (Continued)

          (iii)   Share-based payments
                  The grant-date fair value of equity-settled share-based payments granted to employees is
                  measured using the binomial lattice model. The amount is generally recognised as an expense,
                  with a corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount
                  recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related
                  service conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised is
                  based on the number of awards that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date.
                  The equity amount is recognised in the capital reserve until either the option is exercised
                  (when it is included in the amount recognised in share capital for the shares issued) or the
                  option expires (when it is released directly to retained profits).


          (iv)    Termination benefits
                  Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw
                  the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises costs for a restructuring.


    (t)   Income tax
          Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except
          to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.


          Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for
          the year and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The
          amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to
          be paid or received that reflects any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax
          rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax
          arising from dividends.


          Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.




                                                                                                                    203
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (t)   Income tax (Continued)
            Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
            assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
            Deferred tax is not recognised for:


            –     temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is
                  not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and
                  does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;


            –     temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the
                  extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences
                  and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;


            –     taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and


            –     those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                  to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-
                  operation and Development.


            The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its
            lease liabilities and right-of-use assets.


            Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible
            temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
            against which they can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of
            relevant taxable temporary differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient
            to recognise a deferred tax asset in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing
            temporary differences, are considered, based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the
            Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that
            it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised; such reductions are reversed
            when the probability of future taxable profits improves.


            The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner
            in which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its
            assets and liabilities.


            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.


204
                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (u)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
          Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax
          rate that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to
          the liability.


          A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products or services are sold, based on
          historical warranty data and a weighting of possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.


          A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected
          cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which
          is determined based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an
          allocation of other costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the
          Group recognises any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract (see note 1(l)(iii)).


          Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot
          be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of
          outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed
          by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent
          liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


          Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed
          by another party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be
          virtually certain. The amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount
          of the provision.


    (v)   Revenue and other income
          Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision
          of services or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the
          Group’s business.


          Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:




                                                                                                                       205
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (v)   Revenue and other income (Continued)

            (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                  The Group is the principal for its revenue transactions and recognises revenue on a gross
                  basis. In determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent, it considers
                  whether it obtains control of the products before they are transferred to the customers.
                  Control refers to the Group’s ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the
                  remaining benefits from the products.


                  Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer
                  at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled,
                  excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added tax or
                  other sales taxes.


                  (a)   Sale of vehicles and related products
                        Sales of the Group’s vehicles and related products are recognised as follows:


                        Revenue is recognised when the customer takes possession of and accepts the
                        products. Payment terms and conditions vary by customers and are based on the
                        billing schedule established in the contracts or purchase orders with customers. The
                        Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and
                        does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component
                        as the period of financing is 12 months or less.


                        The Group offers warranties for its products from the date of sale. A related provision
                        is recognised in accordance with note 1(u). It also offers retrospective volume rebates
                        to certain major customers of vehicles products when their purchases reach an agreed
                        threshold. Such volume rebates give rise to variable consideration. The Group uses
                        an expected value approach to estimate variable consideration based on the Group’s
                        current and future performance expectations and all information that is reasonably
                        available. This estimated amount is included in the transaction price to the extent it
                        is highly probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognised will not
                        occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. At
                        the time of sale of vehicles products, the Group recognises revenue after taking into
                        account adjustment to transaction price arising from rebates as mentioned above.




206
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (v)   Revenue and other income (Continued)

          (i)    Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                 (a)   Sale of vehicles and related products
                       If the products are a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods and/or
                       services, then the amount of revenue recognised is an appropriate proportion of the
                       total transaction price under the contract, allocated between all the goods and services
                       promised under the contract on a relative stand-alone selling price basis except
                       when a variable consideration is allocated to a specific performance obligation in the
                       contract. Generally, the Group establishes standalone selling prices with reference to the
                       observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances
                       to similar customers.


                 (b)   Rendering service
                       Revenue from provision of services, primarily comprising transportation services, repair
                       and maintenance services and optional warranty, etc., is recognised in the accounting
                       period in which the services are rendered as the customers simultaneously receive and
                       consume the benefits provided by the Group’s performance when the Group performs.


          (ii)   Revenue from other sources and other income
                 (a)   Rental income from operating leases
                       Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line
                       basis over the term of the lease. Lease incentives granted are recognised as an integral
                       part of the total rental income, over the term of the lease. Variable lease payments
                       that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting
                       period in which they are earned.


                 (b)   Dividends
                       Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on the date on which the Group’s right
                       to receive payment is established.




                                                                                                                  207
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (v)   Revenue and other income (Continued)

            (ii)   Revenue from other sources and other income (Continued)
                   (c)   Interest income
                         Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. The ‘effective interest
                         rate’ is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the
                         expected life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.
                         In calculating interest income, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying
                         amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired). However, for financial assets
                         that have become credit-impaired subsequent to initial recognition, interest income is
                         calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial
                         asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income
                         reverts to the gross basis.


                   (d)   Government grants
                         Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial position initially when
                         there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply
                         with the conditions attaching to them.


                         Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income
                         in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are
                         incurred.


                         Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are deducted from the
                         carrying amount of the asset and consequently are effectively recognised in profit or
                         loss over the useful life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.


      (w)   Insurance services
            The Group underwrites property and casualty insurance contracts, mainly automobile insurance
            contracts with a coverage period of one year, through a general insurer subsidiary. Premium
            allocation approach has been applied to all these contracts.




208
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (w)   Insurance services (Continued)
          Insurance revenue for the insurance contracts is generally recognised by allocating the total expected
          premiums over the coverage period on a straight-line basis and presented within “revenue” in the
          consolidated statement of profit or loss. Insurance service expenses, which are presented within
          “cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, are composed of (i) incurred claims and
          other non-acquisition costs directly related to fulfilling insurance contracts; (ii) insurance acquisition
          cash flows; and (iii) losses and reversal of losses on onerous contracts, if any.


          Insurance acquisition cash flows are costs directly attributable to selling or underwriting a portfolio
          of insurance contracts which will be deferred and recognised over the coverage period of contracts.


          Insurance contract liabilities, which are presented within “trade and other payables – non-current”
          and “trade and other payables – current” in the consolidated statement of financial position, are
          comprised of the liabilities for remaining coverage that relate to future services and the liabilities for
          incurred claims that relate to past services. The Group adjusts the estimates of future cash flows
          to reflect the time value of money and the financial risks related to those cash flows, to the extent
          that the financial risks are not included in the estimates of cash flows. No discounting has been
          applied to the measurement of the insurance contract liabilities for those contracts do not contain
          a significant financing component and the claims are expected to be paid in one year or less from
          the date they are incurred.


    (x)   Translation of foreign currencies
          Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of Group
          companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.


          Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional
          currency at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are
          measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange
          rate when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured
          based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the
          transaction. Foreign currency differences are generally recognised in profit or loss.


          The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising
          on acquisition, are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The income
          and expenses of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the dates of
          the transactions.


                                                                                                                    209
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (x)   Translation of foreign currencies (Continued)
            Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve,
            except to the extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.


            When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant
            influence or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that
            foreign operation is reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. On disposal
            of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences
            relating to that foreign operation that have been attributed to the NCI shall be derecognised, but shall
            not be reclassified to profit or loss. If the Group disposes of part of its interest in a subsidiary but
            retains control, then the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reattributed to NCI. When
            the Group disposes of only part of an associate or joint venture while retaining significant influence
            or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss.


      (y)   Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an
            asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale
            are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period
            in which they are incurred.


      (z)   Asset acquisition
            Groups of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are assessed to determine if they are business or
            asset acquisitions. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group chooses to apply a simplified
            assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is an asset rather than business
            acquisition, when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in
            a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. When a group of assets acquired
            and liabilities assumed do not constitute a business, the overall acquisition cost is allocated to the
            individual identifiable assets and liabilities based on their relative fair values at the date of acquisition.
            An exception is when the sum of the individual fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities
            differs from the overall acquisition cost. In such case, any identifiable assets and liabilities that
            are initially measured at an amount other than cost in accordance with the Group’s policies are
            measured accordingly, and the residual acquisition cost is allocated to the remaining identifiable
            assets and liabilities based on their relative fair values at the date of acquisition.




210
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (aa)   Related parties
           (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:


                 (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


                 (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


                 (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.


           (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:


                 (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same Group (which means that each
                          parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).


                 (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint
                          venture of a member of a Group of which the other entity is a member).


                 (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.


                 (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                          third entity.


                 (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                          Group or an entity related to the Group.


                 (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).


                 (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
                          the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                 (viii)   The entity, or any member of a Group of which it is a part, provides key management
                          personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.


           Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
           influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




                                                                                                                           211
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (bb) Segment reporting
            Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements,
            are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
            management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the
            Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

            Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless
            the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of
            products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the
            methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory
            environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they
            share a majority of these criteria.



  2   ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
      Notes 15, 17, 21, 29, 30 and 35(e) contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors
      relating to assets impairment, long service payment liabilities, fair value of share options and restricted
      share granted and financial instruments. Other significant sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:


      (a)   Warranty provisions
            As explained in note 32, the Group makes provisions for the warranties it offers on sale of its products
            taking into account the Group’s recent claim experience. As the Group is continually upgrading its
            product designs and launching new models it is possible that the recent claim experience is not
            indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any increase or decrease in
            the provision would affect profit or loss in future years.




212
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2   ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
    (b)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
          Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to
          assess whether there is any indication that property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and
          right-of-use assets may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
          property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets is estimated. Changes
          in facts and circumstances may result in revisions to the conclusion of whether an indication of
          impairment exists and revised estimates of recoverable amounts, which would affect profit or loss
          in future periods.


    (c)   Net realisable value of inventories
          Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of businesses,
          less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. These
          estimates are based on the current market conditions and the historical experience of selling products
          with similar nature. It could change significantly as a result of changes in customer preferences and
          competitor actions in response to severe industry cycles. Management reassesses these estimates
          at the end of each reporting period.


    (d)   Recognition of deferred tax assets
          Deferred tax assets are recognised in respect of deductible temporary differences. As those deferred
          tax assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will
          be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised, management’s
          judgment is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits. Management’s assessment
          is revised as necessary and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it becomes probable
          that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.




                                                                                                                    213
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING
      (a)   Revenue
            The principal activities of the Group are manufacturing and sales of vehicles and related products
            and rendering maintenance, transportation and other services. Further details regarding the Group’s
            principal activities are disclosed in note 3(b).


            (i)   Disaggregation of revenue
                  Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines
                  and from other sources is as follows:


                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


                   Revenue from contracts with customers
                    within the scope of HKFRS 15


                   Disaggregated by major products or service lines
                     – Sales of vehicles and related products                              86,781,817              95,569,307
                     – Maintenance, transportation and other services                       4,621,648               5,864,451


                                                                                           91,403,465            101,433,758


                   Revenue from other sources (note)                                         5,138,925              6,350,049


                                                                                           96,542,390            107,783,807


                  Note:   Revenue from other sources includes insurance service income, financing service income and rental income.


                  Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition
                  and by geographic markets is disclosed in notes 3(b)(ii) and 3(b)(iii) respectively.


                  No revenue from an individual customer contributed over 10% of total revenue of the Group
                  for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).




214
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)
    (a)   Revenue (Continued)

          (ii)   Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers
                 in existence at the reporting date.
                 The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations under the Group’s
                 existing contracts represents revenue allocated to multiple performance obligations in the
                 vehicle sales contract, the amount is immaterial.


                 The Group has also applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121(a) of HKFRS 15 to its
                 sales contracts for products such that the above information does not include information
                 about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining performance
                 obligations under the contracts for sales of electronic products that had an original expected
                 duration of one year or less.


    (b)   Segment reporting
          The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by a mixture of business lines
          (products and services) and geography. In a manner consistent with the way in which information is
          reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of resource
          allocation and performance assessment, the Group has presented the following two reportable
          segments.


          •      Vehicles and related operations segment: production and sale of a variety of passenger
                 vehicles, commercial vehicles, automotive parts and related operations.


          •      Others: mainly production and sale of motorcycles, automobile finance and insurance, other
                 financing services and investing business.




                                                                                                                  215
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)
      (b)   Segment reporting (Continued)

            (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities
                  For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between
                  segments, the Group’s senior executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities
                  attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:


                  Segment assets include all tangible, intangible assets and current assets, interests in joint
                  venture and associates and investments in financial assets that are managed directly by
                  the segments. Segment liabilities include provision for product warranties, trade creditors,
                  accruals, bills payable and lease liabilities attributable to the manufacturing and sales activities
                  of the individual segments and bank borrowings managed directly by the segments.


                  Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to sales
                  generated by those segments and the expenses incurred by those segments or which
                  otherwise arise from the depreciation or amortisation of assets attributable to those segments.
                  Segment profit includes the Group’s share of profit arising from the activities of the Group’s
                  joint venture and associates.


                  Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the information regarding the
                  Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most senior executive management
                  for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance for the years
                  ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 is set out below.




216
                                                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)
    (b)   Segment reporting (Continued)

          (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (Continued)
                                                    Vehicles and
                                                 related operations             Others                  Unallocated               Eliminations             Consolidated
                                                   2025          2024        2025      2024            2025         2024         2025          2024        2025         2024
                                                RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000

                Segment revenue

                Revenue from external
                    customers                  91,466,007 102,713,296     5,076,383    5,070,511           –           –             –            – 96,542,390 107,783,807
                Inter-segment revenue             602,682     346,300       367,037      341,935           –           –      (969,719)    (688,235)         –           –

                Reportable segment
                   revenue                     92,068,689 103,059,596     5,443,420    5,412,446           –           –      (969,719)    (688,235) 96,542,390 107,783,807

                Segment results               (15,153,541) (7,351,616) 1,269,634       4,211,056           –           –       (15,723)     (34,643) (13,899,630) (3,175,203)
                Unallocated income – Interest
                   income of headquarters               –           –          –               –     188,062     194,565             –            –      188,062      194,565
                Unallocated costs –
                   Expenditure of
                   headquarters                         –           –          –               –    (356,360)   (453,242)            –            –     (356,360)     (453,242)

                Operating loss                                                                                                                        (14,067,928) (3,433,880)

                Interest income                   141,828      241,095        9,245      10,188       10,360      20,288             –            –      161,433       271,571
                Finance costs                    (503,903)    (498,351)     (61,338)      (6,902)    (73,707)    (57,741)            –            –     (638,948)     (562,994)
                Share of net profit of joint
                    ventures and associates     2,284,880    2,822,764     200,380      175,504            –           –             –            –    2,485,260     2,998,268

                Loss before taxation                                                                                                                  (12,060,183)    (727,035)

                Income tax credit/(expense)      682,697      771,728       (97,291)    (365,823)     (6,950)   (172,917)            –            –      578,456      232,988

                Loss for the year                                                                                                                     (11,481,727)    (494,047)




                                                                                                                                                                                  217
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)
      (b)   Segment reporting (Continued)

            (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (Continued)
                                                       Vehicles and
                                                    related operations           Others                Unallocated             Eliminations             Consolidated
                                                      2025          2024      2025      2024          2025         2024       2025          2024        2025         2024
                                                   RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000

                  Other segment information

                  Depreciation and amortisation 8,994,130      8,533,438    135,589      96,822     288,062     184,381            –           –    9,417,781    8,814,641
                  Net impairment losses on
                     financial assets              82,221        944,844     21,730      87,338            –          –            –           –      103,951    1,032,182
                  Impairment charges of an
                     associate                          –        163,965           –           –           –          –            –           –            –      163,965
                  Impairment charges of
                     inventories                1,223,092        410,252           –           –           –          –            –           –    1,223,092      410,252
                  Impairment charges of
                     property, plant and
                     equipment                    195,779         78,954           –           –           –          –            –           –      195,779       78,954
                  Impairment charges of
                     intangible assets          1,285,005      1,224,780           –           –           –          –            –           –    1,285,005    1,224,780

                  Reportable segment assets 155,970,458 172,920,414 72,412,053 66,163,946 61,053,813 61,138,903 (74,438,891) (67,710,897) 214,997,433 232,512,366

                  Total assets include:
                     Investments in joint
                          ventures and
                          associates             28,397,806 22,862,495     7,157,843   7,259,769           –          –            –           – 35,555,649 30,122,264

                  Additions to non-current
                      assets
                  (other than investments
                      in joint ventures and
                      associates, deferred tax
                      assets, FVPL, FVOCI
                      and other long-term
                      receivables)               10,426,433 15,176,049      247,083     624,715     243,014     232,995            –           – 10,916,530 16,033,759

                  Reportable segment
                     liabilities                 100,533,104 111,639,585 56,176,737 50,367,893     9,987,251   8,561,910 (61,437,377) (59,887,629) 105,259,715 110,681,759




218
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)
    (b)   Segment reporting (Continued)

          (ii)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue
                  recognition
                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


                  Disaggregated by timing of
                   revenue recognition

                  Point in time                                               86,781,817              95,569,307
                  Over time                                                    4,621,648               5,864,451


                                                                              91,403,465            101,433,758



          (iii)   Geographic information
                  The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s
                  revenue from external customers and (ii) the Group’s investment property, property, plant and
                  equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets, goodwill and prepayments for non-current
                  assets (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical location of customers is based on
                  the location at which the services were provided, or the goods delivered. The geographical
                  location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the asset,
                  in the case of property, plant and equipment, the location of the operation to which they are
                  allocated, in the case of intangible assets and goodwill.


                                                        Revenues from                      Specified
                                                      external customers               non-current assets
                                                          2025          2024              2025           2024
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000


                  Chinese Mainland                   79,520,011     96,043,359       56,246,657        57,858,282
                  Overseas                           17,022,379     11,740,448          536,907           423,201


                                                     96,542,390    107,783,807       56,783,564        58,281,483


                  The analysis above includes property rental income from external customers in Chinese
                  mainland of RMB429,847,000 (2024: RMB1,657,530,000).                                 219
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  4   INTEREST INCOME
                                                                                                    2025                    2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Interest income on time deposits                                                             247,957                297,218
      Interest income on entrusted loans                                                             1,144                 15,460
      Interest income on cash and cash equivalents and
        restricted cash                                                                            161,433                271,571


                                                                                                   410,534                584,249



  5   OTHER NET GAINS
                                                                                                    2025                    2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Government grants                                                                            804,371              2,351,448
      Net investment income related to investment in financial assets                              428,693                442,251
      Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (note 34)                                                   355,544                      –
      (Loss)/gain on disposal of investments in joint ventures and
        associates (i)                                                                              (3,508)             3,862,860
      Impairment losses on investments in an associate                                                   –               (163,965)
      Foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                                                 502,389               (172,430)
      Net fair value changes on financial assets mandatorily at FVPL                               264,849               (405,452)
      Gains on disposal of non-current assets                                                       28,277                112,253
      Others                                                                                       107,736                 70,949


                                                                                                2,488,351               6,097,914


      (i)   Gains on disposal of investments in joint ventures and associates in 2024 mainly represents the gains from partial disposal
            of the equity interests in two ex-associates, Chenqi Technology Limited and Guangzhou Juwan Technology Research Co.,
            Ltd. to Group’s immediate parent, Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd. (“GAIG”).




220
                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6   LOSS BEFORE TAXATION
    Loss before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


    (a)   Finance costs


          Interest expense on loans and borrowings (note 24 (c))                           580,353                519,882
          Interest expense on lease liabilities (note 13)                                   80,316                  88,154
          Less: interest capitalised in qualifying assets*                                 (21,721)                (45,042)


                                                                                           638,948                562,994


    *     In 2025, the borrowing costs have been capitalised at rates of 1.8% – 2.78% per annum (2024: 2.15% – 4.30%).


                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


    (b)   Staff costs


          Salaries, wages and other benefits                                            10,997,503            12,081,373
          Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                         1,394,828             1,276,274
          Expenses recognised in defined benefit plans (note 29)                             1,926                  2,716
          Equity-settled share-based payment expenses (note 30(b))                        (123,756)               (16,842)


                                                                                        12,270,501            13,343,521


    Pursuant to the relevant labour rules and regulations in the PRC, the PRC subsidiaries participate in
    defined contribution retirement schemes organised by the local government authorities, to which the PRC
    subsidiaries are required to make contributions based on certain percentages of the eligible employees’
    salaries. The local government authorities are responsible for the entire pension obligations payable to
    the retired employees. There is no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group to reduce the
    existing level of contribution.


    The Group also implements defined benefit plan, particulars are set out in note 29.


                                                                                                                              221
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6   LOSS BEFORE TAXATION (Continued)
                                                                                                2025                    2024
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


      (c)   Other items


            Amortisation of intangible assets (note 14)                                      5,397,706              4,531,376


            Depreciation charge
            – investment property and other property, plant and
                 equipment (note 12)                                                         3,063,245              3,471,377
            – right-of-use assets (note 13)                                                    956,830                811,888


            Impairment losses on non-financial assets
            – property, plant and equipment and investment property
                 (note 12)                                                                     195,779                 78,954
            – intangible assets (note 14)                                                    1,285,005              1,224,780
            – right-of-use assets (note 13)                                                          –                    114


            Impairment losses on the investment in an associate                                         –             163,965


            Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss (note 5)                                         (502,389)               172,430


            Auditors’ remuneration
            – audit services                                                                     19,399                18,009
            – other services                                                                      9,737                 7,233


            Warranty expenses (note 32)                                                     1,294,436              1,835,106
            Cost of inventories# (note 19)                                                 96,230,252             99,202,253

      #
            Cost of inventories includes staff costs, depreciation and amortisation expenses, which amount is also included in the
            respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in note 6(b) for each of these types of expenses.




222
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



7   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
    LOSS
    (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000


          Current income tax (note 31(a))
          Provision for the year
            – PRC corporate income tax                                   235,433               656,583
            – Other jurisdictions                                         76,645                 91,082
          Over-provision in respect of the prior year                    (23,331)               (33,270)


                                                                         288,747               714,395


          Deferred tax (note 31(b))
          Origination and reversal of tax loss and
           temporary differences                                        (867,203)              (947,383)


                                                                        (578,456)              (232,988)




                                                                                                           223
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  7   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
      LOSS (Continued)
      (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense/(credit) and accounting loss at applicable tax rates
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


            Loss before taxation                                        (12,060,183)      (727,035)


            Notional tax on profit before income tax, calculated at
             the rates applicable to profits in the tax jurisdictions
             concerned (i)&(ii)                                          (1,834,066)       354,441
            Share of profit or loss of joint ventures and associates       (821,340)      (929,001)
            Other non-taxable income                                         (4,848)          (3,220)
            Non-deductible expenses                                          58,616          55,051
            Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                (6,355)        (63,737)
            Unrecognised tax losses and deductible temporary
             differences                                                 2,896,867       1,069,358
            Super deduction of research and development (“R&D”)
             expenses (iii)                                               (843,999)       (682,610)
            Over-provision in respect of prior year                        (23,331)         (33,270)


            Actual tax credit                                             (578,456)       (232,988)




224
                                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



7   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
    LOSS (Continued)
    (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense/(credit) and accounting loss at applicable tax rates
          (Continued)
          Notes:

          (i)      The majority of the Group’s operations are based in the PRC, and taxable income for the Company and its subsidiaries
                   in the PRC are subject to PRC corporate income tax rate of 25% for the year ended 31 December 2025, unless
                   otherwise specified below.

                   Certain subsidiaries meet the criteria required for preferential income tax rate granted to the Certified High and New
                   Technology Enterprises (“HNTE”) in the PRC and are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%.

                   Certain subsidiaries meet the criteria required for preferential income tax rate granted to the encouraged industry
                   that operates in the western region of the PRC and are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% from 2021
                   to 2030.

          (ii)     Under the current Hong Kong Inland Revenue Ordinance, the Hong Kong subsidiaries of the Group are subject to
                   Hong Kong profit tax rate at 16.5% on their taxable income generated from operations in Hong Kong.

                   Taxation for other overseas subsidiaries is charged at the appropriate current rates of taxation ruling in the relevant
                   countries or regions.

          (iii)    According to relevant policies promulgated by the State Tax Bureau of the PRC, enterprises engaged in R&D activities
                   are entitled to additional tax deduction amounting to 100% of qualified R&D expenses incurred in determining its tax
                   assessable profits for that year. The additional deduction of 100% of qualified R&D expenses can only be claimed
                   directly in the annual corporate income tax filling and subject to the approval from the relevant tax authorities.




                                                                                                                                         225
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  8   DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS
      Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation
      are as follows:


                                                                                                                  Share-based
                                                                Salaries,                                           payments
                                                             allowances                 Retirement                    expense
                                               Directors’   and benefits Discretionary     scheme                    reversed
                                                    fees          in kind     bonuses contributions   Sub-Total       (note (i))   2025 Total
                                                RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


      Chairman, executive director
      Feng Xingya (iii)                                –           684              –           256        940             (268)         672
      Zeng Qinghong (iii)                              –            53              –            14         67                –           67


      Non-executive directors
      Chen Xiaomu                                      –           625             –            166         791               –          791
      Deng Lei                                         –           977             –            209       1,186            (228)         958
      Zhou Kaiquan (appointed in March 2025)           –             –             –              –           –               –            –
      Wong Yiwei                                       –             –             –              –           –               –            –
      Hong Suli (appointed in March 2025)              –             –             –              –           –               –            –


      Independent non-executive
        directors
      Zhao Fuquan                                    150              –             –             –        150                –          150
      Xiao Shengfang                                 150              –             –             –        150                –          150
      Wong Hakkun                                    150              –             –             –        150                –          150
      Song Tiebo                                     150              –             –             –        150                –          150


                                                     600          2,339             –           645       3,584            (496)       3,088




226
                                                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



8   DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
                                                              Salaries,                                                 Share-based
                                                           allowances                       Retirement                    payments
                                             Directors’   and benefits    Discretionary        scheme                       expense
                                                   fees         in kind       bonuses     contributions     Sub-Total       (note (i))   2024 Total
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


    Chairman, executive director
    Zeng Qinghong (iii)                              –            344              694             152         1,190                –        1,190

    Executive director
    Feng Xingya (iii)                                –          1,070              567             347         1,984              (43)       1,941

    Non-executive directors
    Chen Xiaomu                                      –            317              624             144         1,085              (37)       1,048
    Deng Lei                                         –          1,005              472             236         1,713                –        1,713
    Ding Hongxiang (retired in March 2025)           –              –                –               –             –                –            –
    Guan Dayuan (retired in March 2025)              –              –                –               –             –                –            –
    Wong Yiwei                                       –              –                –               –             –                –            –

    Independent non-executive directors
    Zhao Fuquan                                    150               –               –               –           150                –          150
    Xiao Shengfang                                 150               –               –               –           150                –          150
    Wong Hakkun                                    150               –               –               –           150                –          150
    Song Tiebo                                     150               –               –               –           150                –          150

    Supervisors (iv)
    Cao Xiandong                                     –              –                –               –             –                –            –
    Huang Cheng                                      –              –                –               –             –                –            –
    Huang Zhuo                                       –            718               84             166           968                –          968
    Wang Yuan                                        –            736               92             144           972                –          972
    Zhu Chun (appointed in February 2024)            –            703               81             149           933                –          933


                                                   600          4,893            2,614           1,338         9,445              (80)       9,365




                                                                                                                                                      227
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  8   DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
      Notes:

      (i)      These represent the expense reversed for the share options and restricted shares granted to the directors under the
               Company’s share incentive schemes. The value of these share options and restricted shares is measured according to the
               Group’s accounting policies for share-based payment transactions as set out in note 1(s)(iii) and, in accordance with that
               policy, includes adjustments to reverse amounts accrued in previous years when grants of equity instruments are forfeited
               prior to vesting.

      (ii)     The details of these benefits in kind, including the principal terms and number of options granted, are disclosed under note
               30.

      (iii)    On 3 February 2025, Mr. Zeng Qinghong retired and ceased to serve as an executive director and the Chairman of the
               Board. On the same day, Mr. Feng Xingya, an executive director, was appointed as the new Chairman of the Board.

               On 23 January 2026, Mr. Xia Xianqing was appointed as an executive director.

      (iv)     On 29 September 2025, the Company abolished the supervisor committee.




  9   INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
      Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, nill (2024: one) director whose emoluments are
      disclosed in note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other five (2024: four) individuals
      are as follows:


                                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000                  RMB’000


      Basic salaries, housing fund and other allowances                                                   5,015                   4,048
      Employer’s contributions to a retirement benefit scheme                                             1,127                   1,151
      Discretionary bonus                                                                                     –                   2,577


                                                                                                          6,142                   7,776




228
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



9   INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
    The emoluments of the five (2024: four) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following
    bands:


                                                                                   2025                  2024
                                                                            Number of              Number of
                                                                            individuals            individuals


    HKD1,000,001 – 1,500,000                                                           5                      –
    HKD1,500,001 – 2,000,000                                                           –                      –
    HKD2,000,001 – 2,500,000                                                           –                      4
    HKD2,500,001 – 3,000,000                                                           –                      –



10 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, NET OF TAX
                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


    Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI                            88,722              (218,280)
    Impairment loss on debt instruments at FVOCI                                 (6,356)                5,167
    Exchange difference on translation of financial statements
      of foreign operations                                                      12,318                15,351
    Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and
      associates accounted for using the equity method (note 17)                (12,419)               (4,050)
    Remeasurement of defined benefit plan obligations (note 29)                 (13,778)               (5,033)
    Income tax relating to these items (note 31)                                (14,293)             125,923


    Other comprehensive income                                                   54,194               (80,922)




                                                                                                                  229
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11 (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (a)   Basic (loss)/earnings per share
            The calculation of basic (loss)/earnings per share is based on the (loss)/profit attributable to ordinary
            equity shareholders of the Company and the weighted average of shares in issue less restricted
            shares during the year, calculated as follows:


            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less restricted shares


                                                                                           2025                 2024
                                                                                           ’000                 ’000


            Ordinary shares in issue less restricted shares at 1 January            10,315,470           10,460,855
            Effect of shares repurchased (note 33(d))                                  (24,388)              (69,461)
            Effect of share options- exercised and restricted
              shares unlocked                                                                  –                 932


            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less
             restricted shares at 31 December                                       10,291,082           10,392,326



      (b)   Diluted earnings per share
            The calculation of diluted (loss)/earnings per share is based on the (loss)/profit attributable to ordinary
            equity shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.


            For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no adjustment has been made to basic earnings
            per share for dilution as the impact of outstanding options had an anti-dilutive effect on basic
            earning basic earnings per share.




230
                                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



12 INVESTMENT PROPERTY AND OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND
   EQUIPMENT
  (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount
                                 Buildings                              Office
                                   held for                          and other Construction  Leasehold           Investment
                                  own use Machinery Vehicles Moulds equipment in progress improvements Sub-total    property Total
                                 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000


        Cost

        At 1 January 2024           16,606,259 13,629,789 1,015,307 3,867,100 2,150,554    2,642,896     1,290,910 41,202,815      1,454,786 42,657,601
        Additions                      511,121 2,391,922 670,413 755,197 348,027           2,877,496       119,768 7,673,944           10,881 7,684,825
        Acquisition of subsidiary           784    36,216       208         –    12,050            –             –     49,258               –      49,258
        Disposals                       (74,907) (119,423) (309,755) (201,625) (564,814)           –             – (1,270,524)        (51,790) (1,322,314)
        Transfers from construction
          in progress                  631,549 1,927,921      3,263 106,306      54,239    (2,723,278)          –            –             –            –
        Transfer from investment
          properties                     52,618         –         –         –         –             –           –      52,618        (52,618)           –
        Transfer to investment
          properties                    (10,228)        –         –         –         –        (6,323)          –      (16,551)       16,551            –
        Transfer from right-of-use
          assets (note 13)                    –         –         –         –         –             –           –            –        22,245      22,245


        At 31 December 2024     17,717,196 17,866,425 1,379,436 4,526,978 2,000,056        2,790,791     1,410,678 47,691,560      1,400,055 49,091,615


        At 1 January 2025           17,717,196 17,866,425 1,379,436 4,526,978 2,000,056    2,790,791     1,410,678 47,691,560      1,400,055 49,091,615
        Additions                      413,538 463,841 259,982 310,825 187,232             1,297,332       185,556 3,118,306             359 3,118,665
        Acquisition of subsidiaries      7,935     34,258     1,728         –       733        3,221             –     47,875              –      47,875
        Disposals                      (19,576) (413,545) (155,264) (325,901) (103,816)     (806,613)            – (1,824,715)       (32,878) (1,857,593)
        Transfers from construction
          in progress                  117,734 1,298,420     69,288 313,398      37,363    (1,836,203)          –            –             –            –
        Transfer from investment
          properties                   231,095          –         –         –         –             –           –     231,095       (231,095)           –
        Transfer to investment
          properties                  (439,649)         –         –         –         –       (11,224)          –    (450,873)      450,873             –
        Transfer from right-of-use
          assets (note 13)                   –          –         –         –         –             –           –            –      174,282      174,282


        At 31 December 2025     18,028,273 19,249,399 1,555,170 4,825,300 2,121,568        1,437,304     1,596,234 48,813,248      1,761,596 50,574,844

                                                                                                                                                             231
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  12 INVESTMENT PROPERTY AND OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND
     EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount (Continued)
                                         Buildings                              Office
                                           held for                          and other Construction  Leasehold           Investment
                                          own use Machinery Vehicles Moulds equipment in progress improvements Sub-total    property Total
                                         RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000


            Accumulated amortisation
              and depreciation:

            At 1 January 2024            (4,251,451) (6,813,472)   (450,270) (2,388,900)   (867,659)   –    (912,247) (15,683,999)    (375,356) (16,059,355)
            Charge for the year            (877,352) (1,390,088)   (242,826) (493,356)     (298,167)   –    (120,743) (3,422,532)       (48,845) (3,471,377)
            Transfer from investment
              properties                     (5,312)          –           –           –           –    –            –       (5,312)     5,312             –
            Transfer to investment
              properties                     3,201            –           –           –           –    –            –       3,201       (3,201)           –
            Transfer from right-of-use
              assets (note 13)                   –            –          –            –           –    –            –           –       (5,370)      (5,370)
            Written back on disposals       22,541       45,401    201,029      127,180      52,123    –            –     448,274      26,046      474,320


            At 31 December 2024          (5,108,373) (8,158,159)   (492,067) (2,755,076) (1,113,703)   –   (1,032,990) (18,660,368)   (401,414) (19,061,782)


            At 1 January 2025            (5,108,373) (8,158,159)   (492,067) (2,755,076) (1,113,703)   –   (1,032,990) (18,660,368)   (401,414) (19,061,782)
            Charge for the year            (245,694) (1,609,168)   (244,757) (480,673) (336,670)       –     (127,939) (3,044,901)     (18,344) (3,063,245)
            Transfer from investment
              properties                   (84,828)           –           –           –           –    –            –     (84,828)     84,828             –
            Transfer to investment
              properties                    82,051            –           –           –           –    –            –      82,051      (82,051)           –
            Transfer from right-of-use
              assets (note 13)                   –           –           –            –           –    –            –           –      (27,268)    (27,268)
            Written back on disposals       13,208     203,170     101,223      211,409      79,485    –            –     608,495        9,381     617,876


            At 31 December 2025          (5,343,636) (9,564,157)   (635,601) (3,024,340) (1,370,888)   –   (1,160,929) (21,099,551)   (434,868) (21,534,419)




232
                                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



12 INVESTMENT PROPERTY AND OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND
   EQUIPMENT (Continued)
  (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount (Continued)

                                        Buildings                              Office
                                          held for                          and other Construction  Leasehold           Investment
                                         own use Machinery Vehicles Moulds equipment in progress improvements Sub-total    property Total
                                        RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000


        Impairment:

        At 1 January 2024                  (2,659)   (134,582)   (13,713)   (394,015)   (22,783)     (21,469)          –    (589,221)      (17,802)   (607,023)
        Impairment loss (note 6(c))/
          note 12(b))                      (8,727)    (44,570)    (5,117)    (13,657)    (1,943)      (3,076)     (1,864)    (78,954)            –     (78,954)
        Transfer from investment
          properties                       (3,514)         –          –            –          –            –           –      (3,514)       3,514           –
        Written back on disposals             878     15,297      4,439        4,698     11,181            –           –     36,493             –      36,493


        At 31 December 2024               (14,022)   (163,855)   (14,391)   (402,974)   (13,545)     (24,545)     (1,864)   (635,196)      (14,288)   (649,484)


        At 1 January 2025                (14,022)    (163,855)   (14,391)   (402,974)   (13,545)     (24,545)     (1,864)   (635,196)      (14,288)   (649,484)
        Impairment loss (note 6(c))/
          note 12(b))                    (27,680)     (89,402)    (4,508)    (2,522)    (45,599)     (10,512)          –    (180,223)      (15,556)   (195,779)
        Written back on disposals          7,168       60,777      3,580     74,107       2,483       17,894           –     166,009             –     166,009


        At 31 December 2025              (34,534)    (192,480)   (15,319)   (331,389)   (56,661)     (17,163)     (1,864)   (649,410)      (29,844)   (679,254)


        Net book value:

        At 31 December 2025            12,650,103 9,492,762      904,250 1,469,571      694,019    1,420,141     433,441 27,064,287      1,296,884 28,361,171


        At 31 December 2024            12,594,801 9,544,411      872,978 1,368,928      872,808    2,766,246     375,824 28,395,996       984,353 29,380,349




                                                                                                                                                                  233
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  12 INVESTMENT PROPERTY AND OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND
     EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      (a)   Reconciliation of carrying amount (Continued)
            As at 31 December 2025, none of bank borrowings (note 27(a)) were secured by the Group’s
            property, plant and equipment (2024: Nil).


            As at 31 December 2025, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain
            buildings held for own use with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB1,412,925,000
            (2024: RMB2,190,956,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly
            occupy or use those properties.


      (b)   Impairment loss
            During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recorded an impairment loss of RMB195,779,000
            (2024: RMB78,954,000) for its property, plant and equipment, among which RMB45,504,000 (2024:
            RMB32,716,000) was recorded as a result of the impairment assessment of the Group’s long-term
            assets associated with passenger vehicles production. Details of such impairment assessment are
            set out in note 14(a). Impairment loss for other property, plant and equipment was recorded as
            some of the assets were idle or damaged.


      (c)   Investment property
            The Group leases out investment property under operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Lease
            income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line
            basis over the lease term. There are no variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate.




234
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



12 INVESTMENT PROPERTY AND OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND
   EQUIPMENT (Continued)
  (c)   Investment property (Continued)
        Undiscounted lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases in place at the reporting date
        will be receivable by the Group in future periods as follows:


                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


        Within 1 year                                                          164,738               123,042
        After 1 year but within 2 years                                        138,815                96,000
        After 2 years but within 3 years                                       102,396                70,016
        After 3 years but within 4 years                                        84,101                62,971
        After 4 years but within 5 years                                        80,422                50,645
        After 5 years                                                          226,323               180,868


                                                                               796,795               583,542


        As at 31 December 2025, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain
        investment properties with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB16,906,000 (2024:
        RMB71,246,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy
        or use those properties.


        Investment property of the Group was stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at
        cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Fair value of these investment properties
        is RMB2,383,083,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB1,632,988,000). The valuations of fair
        value were carried out by an independent firm of surveyors with recent experience in the location
        and category of property being valued.




                                                                                                                235
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  13 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
      The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:


                                                  Land use                                 Other leased
                                                     rights     Properties    Vehicles           assets        Total
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


      Cost:

      At 1 January 2024                           7,575,618      2,892,295      73,115           30,224     10,571,252
      Additions                                     887,077        976,539      19,782             8,037     1,891,435
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                          –         3,206            –                –          3,206
      Transfer to investment property (note 12)      (22,245)            –            –                –        (22,245)
      Disposal                                       (37,351)     (547,317)      (6,963)          (3,990)     (595,621)


      At 31 December 2024                         8,403,099      3,324,723      85,934           34,271     11,848,027


      At 1 January 2025                           8,403,099      3,324,723      85,934           34,271     11,848,027
      Additions                                       9,832        835,699      29,386           20,650        895,567
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                    29,183              –           –                –         29,183
      Transfer to investment property (note 12)    (174,282)             –           –                –       (174,282)
      Disposal                                     (311,228)      (662,838)    (64,958)         (26,672)    (1,065,696)


      At 31 December 2025                         7,956,604      3,497,584      50,362           28,249     11,532,799


      Accumulated depreciation:

      At 1 January 2024                            (948,643)    (1,076,019)    (15,728)           (8,046)   (2,048,436)
      Charge for the year                          (188,885)      (597,601)    (14,789)         (10,613)      (811,888)
      Transfer to investment property (note 12)       5,370              –           –                 –         5,370
      Written back on disposal                       13,925        415,421       4,670             3,538       437,554


      At 31 December 2024                         (1,118,233)   (1,258,199)    (25,847)         (15,121)    (2,417,400)




236
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



13 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
                                               Land use                                Other leased
                                                  rights     Properties    Vehicles          assets         Total
                                               RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


   At 1 January 2025                           (1,118,233)   (1,258,199)    (25,847)        (15,121)     (2,417,400)
   Charge for the year                           (208,765)     (707,595)    (21,466)        (19,004)       (956,830)
   Transfer to investment property (note 12)       27,268             –           –               –          27,268
   Written back on disposal                        16,063       583,485      47,160          12,719         659,427


   At 31 December 2025                         (1,283,667)   (1,382,309)       (153)        (21,406)     (2,687,535)


   Impairment

   At 1 January 2024                               (9,668)            –           –               –          (9,668)
   Charge for the year                                  –             –        (114)              –            (114)
   Written back on disposal                         9,668             –           –               –           9,668


   At 31 December 2024                                  –             –        (114)              –            (114)


   At 1 January 2025                                    –             –        (114)              –            (114)
   Written back on disposal                             –             –         114               –             114


   At 31 December 2025                                  –             –           –               –               –


   Carrying amount:

   At 31 December 2025                         6,672,937      2,115,275      50,209           6,843      8,845,264


   At 31 December 2024                         7,284,866      2,066,524      59,973          19,150      9,430,513




                                                                                                                       237
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  13 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
      The total cash outflow for leases, the maturity analysis of lease liabilities and the future cash outflows
      arising from leases that are not yet commenced are set out in notes 24(d) and 35(b), respectively.


                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


      Interest on lease liabilities (note 6(a))                                     80,316             88,154
      Expense relating to short-term leases                                         53,313             54,184



      (a)   Leasehold land held for own use
            The Group has land lease arrangements with Chinese mainland government. Land use rights
            represent the Group’s interests in land which are held on leases between 15 to 50 years.


      (b)   Other leases assets leased for own use
            The Group leases various properties, vehicles, office and other equipment. Rental contracts are
            typically made for fixed periods of 6 months to 20 years but may have extension options.


            Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
            conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests
            in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
            borrowing purposes.




238
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



14 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                          Patents,
                                                       proprietary
                                                      technology         Computer
                                     Development              and         software
                                            costs     trademarks        and others              Total
                                        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000


   Cost:


   At 1 January 2024                   38,360,524       1,398,234         1,819,993         41,578,751
   Additions                            5,714,615            7,948          667,851          6,390,414
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                   –             103                 –                103
   Disposals                               (26,145)         (6,573)           (1,540)           (34,258)


   At 31 December 2024                 44,048,994       1,399,712         2,486,304         47,935,010


   At 1 January 2025                   44,048,994       1,399,712         2,486,304         47,935,010
   Additions                            5,966,514         222,978           633,642          6,823,134
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                  –             488             1,489              1,977
   Disposals                              (49,741)         (2,504)          (52,245)          (104,490)


                                       49,965,767       1,620,674         3,069,190         54,655,631


   Accumulated amortisation:


   At 1 January 2024                  (18,027,228)     (1,119,685)       (1,180,699)       (20,327,612)
   Charge for the year                  (4,034,969)        (58,573)        (437,834)         (4,531,376)


   At 31 December 2024                (22,062,197)     (1,178,258)       (1,618,533)       (24,858,988)


   At 1 January 2025                  (22,062,197)     (1,178,258)       (1,618,533)       (24,858,988)
   Charge for the year                 (4,776,454)       (154,024)         (467,228)        (5,397,706)
   Disposal                                     –             979            44,542             45,521


   At 31 December 2025                (26,838,651)     (1,331,303)       (2,041,219)       (30,211,173)

                                                                                                         239
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  14 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                                        Patents,
                                                                     proprietary
                                                                    technology         Computer
                                                Development                 and         software
                                                       costs        trademarks        and others           Total
                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


      Impairment


      At 1 January 2024                             (4,846,532)          (9,844)           (4,251)      (4,860,627)
      Charge for the year                           (1,220,991)          (3,424)             (365)      (1,224,780)


      At 31 December 2024                           (6,067,523)         (13,268)           (4,616)      (6,085,407)


      At 1 January 2025                             (6,067,523)         (13,268)           (4,616)      (6,085,407)
      Charge for the year                           (1,285,005)               –                 –       (1,285,005)


      At 31 December 2025                           (7,352,528)         (13,268)           (4,616)      (7,370,412)


      Net book value:


      At 31 December 2025                          15,774,588           276,103        1,023,355       17,074,046


      At 31 December 2024                          15,919,274           208,186          863,155       16,990,615


      The amortisation charge is mainly included in “cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




240
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



14 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
   (a)   Impairment test for cash-generating units associated with production of passenger vehicles
         As at the end of each reporting period, in view of the unfavourable future prospects of certain types
         of passenger vehicles, the Group’s management performs impairment test for the non-current
         assets associated with the production of these types of vehicles where an impairment indication
         is identified. The Group’s property, plant and equipment (“PP&E”), land use rights and intangible
         assets associated with passenger vehicles production are allocated to relevant cash generating
         units (“CGU”), and management estimates the recoverable amount of each CGU based on the
         value-in-use calculations by preparing cash flow projections of the relevant CGU derived from the
         most recent financial forecast approved by the management covering the remaining economic life.


         The cash flows are discounted using discount rates ranging from 12.0% to 14.5% as at 31
         December 2025 (2024: 13.0% to 13.5%). The discount rates used are post tax and reflect specific
         risks relating to the relevant CGUs.


         Based on the result of the impairment test, the management of the Group determined that the
         recoverable amounts of certain CGUs are lower than their respective carrying amounts at 31
         December 2025. An impairment loss was recognised to write down the carrying amounts of relevant
         CGUs to their respective recoverable amounts and was allocated to PP&E and intangible assets within
         the CGUs. During the year ended 31 December 2025, an impairment loss of RMB1,252,292,000
         (2024: RMB1,220,991,000) was recognised on development costs and RMB45,504,000 (2024:
         RMB32,716,000) was recognised on PP&E.




                                                                                                                 241
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  15 GOODWILL
                                                                     RMB’000


      Cost:


      At 1 January 2024                                               151,428
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                      14,517


      At 31 December 2024                                             165,945
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                         129


      At 31 December 2025                                             166,074


      Accumulated impairment losses:


      At 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025 (i)    (72,239)


      At 31 December 2025                                              93,835


      At 31 December 2024                                              93,706




242
                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



15 GOODWILL (Continued)
   Goodwill arose from acquisition of businesses:


                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


   Guangzhou GAC Youlide Automobile Interior System Research
    and Development Co., Ltd.                                                             25,653                25,653
   Denway Motors Limited                                                                  90,299                90,299
   Guangzhou Muqiao Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.                                            14,517                14,517
   Others                                                                                 35,605                35,476


                                                                                         166,074              165,945


   Less: impairment losses (i)                                                           (72,239)              (72,239)


                                                                                          93,835                93,706


   (i)   As at 31 December 2025, impairment losses of RMB72,239,000 have been made against the goodwill relating to Denway
         Motors Limited (2024: RMB72,239,000).




                                                                                                                         243
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  16 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
      The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets
      or liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.


                                                                                       Proportion of ownership interest

                                                     Particulars of issued
                                     Place of        and paid up capital
                                     incorporation   and debt securities/ Group’s effective      Held by the           Held by
      Name of company                and business    registered capital       interest            Company            a subsidiary Principal activity
                                                                            2025       2024     2025       2024      2025      2024


      GAC Motor Co., Ltd.*           Chinese mainland RMB16,006,735,703/    100%      100%     100%       100%        0%        0% Manufacture and sale of
       廣汽傳祺汽車有限公司                                         16,006,735,703                                                            automobiles


      GAC Business Co., Ltd.*        Chinese mainland RMB4,321,012,000/     100%      100%     100%       100%        0%        0% Trading of automobiles,
       廣汽商貿有限公司                                           3,568,512,000                                                              automotive parts and
                                                                                                                                     steel


      GAC Finance Co., Ltd.          Chinese mainland RMB2,090,000,000/     100%      100%      90%        90%       10%       10% Provision of financial
       (“GAC Finance”)*                                   2,090,000,000                                                              services
       廣州汽車集團財務有限公司

      GAC AION New Energy            Chinese mainland RMB7,803,388,361/      77%       77%      65%        65%       12%       12% Manufacture and sale of
       Automobile Co., Ltd.*                              7,803,388,361                                                             automobiles
       廣汽埃安新能源汽車股份有
       限公司


      GAC Component Co., Ltd.*       Chinese mainland RMB2,093,884,852/     100%      100%      51%        51%       49%       49% Manufacture and sale of
       廣汽零部件有限公司                                          2,093,884,852                                                             automotive parts


      Urtrust Insurance CO., Ltd.*   Chinese mainland RMB2,268,750,000/    53.4%     53.4%     27.1%     27.1%     26.3%     26.3% Provision of insurance
        眾誠汽車保險股份有限公司                                      2,268,750,000                                                              services


      *         The official name of this entity is in Chinese. The English translation of the name is for identification only.




244
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



17 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
   The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:


                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


   Investments in joint ventures (a)                                      23,274,864            20,823,230
   Investments in associates (b)                                          12,280,785             9,299,034


                                                                          35,555,649            30,122,264


   The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
   are as follows:


                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


   Share of profit of joint ventures                                        1,613,741            2,770,167
   Share of profit of associates                                              871,519              228,101


                                                                            2,485,260            2,998,268


   Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures                      (12,419)                (4,050)


   Unrealised profits or losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions are eliminated.




                                                                                                             245
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  17 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (a)   Investments in joint ventures
            The following list contains material joint ventures of the Group and the Company, which are unlisted
            corporate entities whose quoted market price is not available:


                                                                                                              Proportion of ownership interest

                                                         Place of
                                        Form of business incorporation and Particulars of issued Group’s effective      Held by the           Held by
            Name of joint venture       structure        business           and paid up capital      interest            Company            a subsidiary Principal activity
                                                                                                  2025 2024            2025 2024           2025 2024


            GAC Honda Automobile        Incorporated      Chinese Mainland       USD867,215,960/     50%     50%       50%       50%        0%        0% Manufacture and sale
              Co., Ltd. (“GAC Honda”) *                                              867,215,960                                                           of automobile and
              廣汽本田汽車有限公司                                                                                                                                   automotive parts


            GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. Incorporated       Chinese Mainland      USD1,333,896,100/    50%     50%       50%       50%        0%        0% Manufacture and sale
              (“GAC Toyota”) *                                                      1,333,896,100                                                          of automobile and
              廣汽豐田汽車有限公司                                                                                                                                   automotive parts


            GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Incorporated           Chinese Mainland   RMB4,100,000,000,000/   50%     50%       50%       50%        0%        0% Provision of automotive
              Finance Co., Ltd.                                                 4,100,000,000,000                                                          financing services
              (“GAC-SOFINCO”)*
              廣汽匯理汽車金融有限公司


            Wuyang-Honda Motors         Incorporated      Chinese Mainland       RMB292,166,680/     50%     50%       50%       50%        0%        0% Manufacture and sale
             (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                   292,166,680                                                           of motorcycle and
             (“Wuyang-Honda”)*                                                                                                                             motorcycle parts
             五羊-本田摩托 (廣州)
             有限公司


            GAC-SOFINCO Financial      Incorporated       Chinese Mainland      RMB3,400,000,000/    50%    100%        0%        0%       50%      100% Provision of automotive
              Leasing Co., Ltd.                                                     3,400,000,000                                                          leasing services
              (“GAC-SOFINCO Leasing”)*
              廣州廣汽匯理融資租賃有限
              公司 (note 34)


            *          The official name of this entity is in Chinese. The English translation of the name is for identification only.


246
                                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



17 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (a)   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)
         As restricted by the confidentiality agreements entered into with other shareholders of certain
         material joint ventures, the Group has not disclosed certain financial data of material joint ventures
         separately. The aggregate of the financial information of the above five (2024: four) material joint
         ventures identified by Directors covers around 90% of consolidated financial information of all the
         joint ventures of the Group listed below.

         The below financial information of the joint ventures has been consistently measured based on the
         fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition.


         Summarised assets, liabilities, revenue and dividends of the material joint ventures, adjusted for
         any differences in accounting policies, and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated
         financial statements, are disclosed below:


                                          Assets                     Liabilities                   Revenue                 Dividends received
         Name of joint venture      As at 31 December           As at 31 December          Year ended 31 December       Year ended 31 December
                                       2025         2024           2025             2024         2025         2024            2025          2024
                                   RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


         GAC Honda                30,518,650    30,497,287    20,504,315     20,850,429     51,142,099     68,249,981            –     1,193,244
         GAC Toyota               59,034,644    48,517,036    43,715,179     33,875,111    110,686,011    109,544,921    2,210,240     8,859,211
         GAC-SOFINCO              49,332,324    56,319,831    39,975,139     46,970,453      3,715,726      4,280,234      166,249       130,431
         Wuyang-Honda              2,933,648     2,665,361     1,546,872      1,289,808      4,989,288      4,840,836       40,380       112,376
         GAC-SOFINCO Leasing      13,889,130             –    10,246,445              –      1,216,189              –            –             –


                                 155,708,396   137,999,515   115,987,950    102,985,801    171,749,313    186,915,972    2,416,869    10,295,262




                                                                                                                                                   247
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  17 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (a)   Investments in joint ventures (Continued)
            Reconciliation of share of the net assets of the material joint ventures to the carrying amount of
            the Group’s interests in the material joint ventures:


                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


            Assets                                                           155,708,396        137,999,515
            Less: liabilities                                               (115,987,950)      (102,985,801)
            Less: non-controlling interests                                            –              (8,641)


            Net assets excluding non-controlling interests                    39,720,446         35,005,073
            Percentage of ownership                                                 50%                50%
            Interests in material joint ventures                              19,860,223         17,502,537
            Goodwill relating to Wuyang-Honda                                     21,259             21,259


            Carrying amount of investments in material joint ventures         19,881,482         17,523,796




248
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



17 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (b)   Investments in associates
         The associates of the Group are all unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market prices are not
         available. None of the Group’s associate is individually material.


         All of the associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial
         statements.

         Aggregate information of associates that are not individual material:


                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


         Aggregate carrying amounts of investments in associates
          in the consolidated financial statements                          12,280,785             9,299,034


         Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those
          associates’ profit and total comprehensive income                       871,519            228,101




                                                                                                               249
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  18 OTHER INVESTMENTS IN FINANCIAL ASSETS
      (a)   Financial assets at FVOCI
                                                  2025         2024
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000


            Non-current assets
            Bond investments                   3,828,861    3,791,900
            Unlisted equity investments (i)    1,452,416    1,407,515
            Financial products (ii)                    –    5,073,751
            Listed stocks                      2,270,000    1,443,100


                                               7,551,277   11,716,266


            Current assets
            Financial products (ii)           12,510,583    2,343,455
            Bills receivable (iii)               925,814    1,506,479
            Bond investments                           –   10,388,191


                                              13,436,397   14,238,125




250
                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18 OTHER INVESTMENTS IN FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
   (b)   Financial assets at FVPL
                                                         2025                   2024
                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


         Non-current assets
         Financial products (ii)                      2,350,848                72,197
         Unlisted equity investments (i)              1,381,270             1,373,868
         Listed stocks                                  807,990                     –
         Listed preference shares                       521,775               525,977


                                                      5,061,883             1,972,042


         Current assets
         Financial products (ii)                      2,915,709             1,647,408
         Bond investments                               810,711               169,624
         Fund investments                                94,654               417,702
         Listed stocks                                  561,038               324,053


                                                      4,382,112             2,558,787




                                                                                         251
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  18 OTHER INVESTMENTS IN FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
      (c)   Financial assets at amortised cost
                                                                                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                 Note                RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Trade and other receivables                                                            19,449,289               22,510,285
            Other long-term receivables                                                             4,130,164               12,617,161
            Time deposits                                                         22                8,907,874               10,879,925
            Restricted cash                                                       23                6,372,038                4,157,330
            Cash and cash equivalents                                             24               23,843,381               36,482,090


                                                                                                   62,702,746               86,646,791


            Note:

            (i)     Equity investments are designated at FVOCI where they are considered strategic to the Group and meet the definition
                    of equity from the issuers’ perspective or measured at FVPL. Any gain or loss arising from the remeasurement of the
                    unlisted equity investments held for strategic purposes are recognised in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) in other
                    comprehensive income. Upon disposal of the equity investments, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive
                    income is transferred directly to retained earnings.

                    During the year ended 31 December 2025, certain equity investments at FVOCI were disposed and relevant cumulative
                    fair value gain of RMB37,608,000 were transferred from reserves to retained earnings.

            (ii)    Financial products mainly include wealth management products issued by banks and certificates of deposit.

            (iii)   Bills receivable are classified as FVOCI when they are held to collect and for sale and also give rise to cash flows
                    which are solely principal and interest.




252
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025




                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



19 INVENTORIES
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


   Raw materials and consumables                                            4,063,263             3,569,966
   Work in progress                                                           455,940               461,931
   Finished goods and merchandise                                          13,456,543            12,284,747


                                                                           17,975,746            16,316,644


   Less: write down of inventories                                          (1,530,192)             (628,168)


                                                                           16,445,554            15,688,476



   (a)   The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit
         or loss is as follows:
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


         Carrying amount of inventories sold                               95,007,160            98,792,001
         Write down of inventories                                          1,223,092               410,252


                                                                           96,230,252            99,202,253


         All of the inventories are expected to be recovered within one year.


         As at 31 December 2025, certain bank borrowings (note 27) and bills payable (note 25) were
         secured by the Group’s inventories with the carrying value of approximately RMB1,240,418,000
         (2024: RMB1,883,835,000).




                                                                                                                253
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  20 TRADE RECEIVABLES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                      2025                    2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Trade receivables                                                                            5,681,888              4,439,007
      Less: loss allowance (note 35(a))                                                           (1,085,800)            (1,086,068)


      Trade receivables – net                                                                      4,596,088              3,352,939


      Loans receivable (i)                                                                         6,894,280             10,250,883
      Value added tax recoverable                                                                  4,884,816              3,768,444
      Financial assets held under resale agreements (ii)                                           2,844,969                493,402
      Deposits in a joint venture                                                                  2,041,792                      –
      Prepayments                                                                                  1,986,300              1,723,797
      Bills receivable                                                                               518,305                 80,265
      Reissuance contract assets                                                                     193,108                363,335
      Dividends receivable                                                                            42,088                122,727
      Entrusted loans (iii)                                                                              334                  1,486
      Finance lease receivables (note 34)                                                                  –              4,671,517
      Receivables from disposal of an associate                                                            –                651,999
      Other receivables                                                                            2,318,325              2,521,732


                                                                                                 26,320,405              28,002,526


      All of the trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense within one
      year.

      Notes:

      (i)      The balance represented loans to related parties and third parties in relation to provision of financing services by GAC
               Finance. The effective interest rate as at 31 December 2025 is 2.59% (2024: 2.87%).

      (ii)     As at 31 December 2025, the balance mainly represented financial assets held under resale agreements with maturities of
               within 7 days, collateralised by government bonds and bearing weighted average interest rate of 1.9% per annum.

      (iii)    Entrusted loans are mainly provided to related parties through financial institutions. As at 31 December 2025, these loans
               bear an effective interest rate of 4.35% (2024: 3.85%).

      (iv)     As at 31 December 2025, loss allowance on other current assets amounted to RMB618,253,000 (2024: RMB614,394,000)
               (note 35(a)).


254
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



20 TRADE RECEIVABLES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (Continued)
   Ageing analysis
   As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date,
   is as follows:


                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


   Within 1 year                                                              3,887,053             3,165,129
   1 to 2 years                                                                 778,792               376,446
   2 to 3 years                                                                 297,553               592,550
   3 to 4 years                                                                 435,874                56,821
   4 to 5 years                                                                  56,741                31,066
   Over 5 years                                                                 225,875               216,995


                                                                              5,681,888             4,439,007


   Less: loss allowance (note 35(a))                                         (1,085,800)           (1,086,068)


                                                                              4,596,088             3,352,939


   Trade receivables are due when the receivables are recognised. Further details on the Group’s credit
   policy and credit risk arising from trade receivables are set out in note 35(a).




                                                                                                                 255
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  21 PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES
                                                                          2025          2024
                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000


      Prepayments for non-current assets                               2,409,248     2,386,300


      Loans receivables (note 20(i))                                   3,566,194       307,738
      Finance lease receivables (note 34)                                  2,997     7,392,677
      Financial assets arising from continuing involvement (note 34)           –       397,160
      Deposits in a joint venture                                              –     4,536,929
      Other loans and receivables                                        722,560       747,641


                                                                       4,291,751    13,382,145


      Less: loss allowance (note 35(a))                                 (161,587)     (764,984)


                                                                       6,539,412    15,003,461




256
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



22 TIME DEPOSITS
                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


   Denominated in:
   – RMB                                                      8,465,375            10,447,382
   – USD                                                        415,449                70,546
   – BRL                                                            838                     –
   – HKD                                                         26,212               361,997


                                                              8,907,874            10,879,925


   Current portion                                            7,228,413             9,939,925
   Non-current portion                                        1,679,461               940,000


                                                              8,907,874            10,879,925


   The initial term of time deposits was over three months.




                                                                                                 257
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  23 RESTRICTED CASH
                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


      Pledge deposits for issuing bills and letters of credit                    3,164,112             927,948
      Security and other deposits                                                  817,541           1,035,066
      Mandatory reserve deposits with the People’s Bank
        of China (“PBOC”) (i)                                                    2,390,385           2,194,316


                                                                                 6,372,038           4,157,330


      (i)   A subsidiary of the Group is required to place mandatory reserve deposits with the PBOC for its
            provision of financing service. Those deposits with the PBOC are not available for use in the Group’s
            daily operations.


            The Group’s restricted cash is denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


            – RMB                                                                6,369,189           4,086,662
            – JPY                                                                        –                 308
            – USD                                                                    1,178                   –
            – HKD                                                                        –              70,360
            – AUD                                                                      683                   –
            – EUR                                                                      988                   –


                                                                                 6,372,038           4,157,330




258
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



24 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
   (a)   Cash and cash equivalents comprise:
                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


         Denominated in:
         – RMB                                                             21,822,729            35,473,368
         – THB                                                                312,420               118,656
         – RUB                                                                243,234               237,789
         – BRL                                                                251,362                     –
         – USD                                                                714,974               435,235
         – MXN                                                                137,225               125,186
         – AUD                                                                 49,023                     –
         – EUR                                                                235,257                28,421
         – HKD                                                                 60,832                54,292
         – AED                                                                  6,935                     –
         – JPY                                                                  6,074                 6,378
         – Others                                                               3,316                 2,765


                                                                           23,843,381            36,482,090


         As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand,
         deposits held at call with banks and bank deposits with original maturities less than three months.




                                                                                                               259
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  24 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
     (Continued)
      (b)   Reconciliation of loss before taxation to cash generated from operations:
                                                                                    2025          2024
                                                                       Note      RMB’000       RMB’000


            Loss before taxation                                               (12,060,183)    (727,035)
            Adjustments for:
              – Depreciation                                                    4,020,075     4,283,265
              – Amortisation                                            14      5,397,706     4,531,376
              – Amortisation of government grants related to
                   assets                                                        (412,656)     (390,962)
              – Net impairment losses on financial assets              35(a)      103,951     1,032,182
              – Write-down of inventories                               19      1,223,092       410,252
              – Impairment charges of property, plant and
                   equipment                                            12        195,779        78,954
              – Impairment charges of intangible assets                 14      1,285,005     1,224,780
              – Impairment charges of right-of-use assets               13              –           114
              – Impairment charges of the investment in an
                   associate                                                            –       163,965
              – Impairment charges of other non-current assets                     43,219             –
              – Gains on disposal of non-current assets                 5         (28,277)     (112,253)
              – Interest income                                         4        (410,534)     (584,249)
              – Finance costs                                          6(a)       638,948       562,994
              – Loss/(Gains) on disposal of investments in joint
                   ventures and associates                              5            3,508    (3,862,860)
              – Gains on disposal of subsidiaries                       5         (355,544)            –
              – Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates    17      (2,485,260)   (2,998,268)
              – Net investment income related to investment in
                   financial assets                                     5        (428,693)     (442,251)
              – Net fair value changes in financial assets at FVPL               (264,849)      405,452
              – Share-based compensation expenses                      30(b)     (123,756)       (16,842)

            Changes in working capital:
             – Inventories                                                      (1,980,170)      759,301
             – Trade and other receivables                                      (2,655,127)      811,745
             – Restricted cash                                                    (986,258)   (1,318,547)
             – Trade and other payables                                         (7,536,654)    4,628,169
             – Contract liabilities                                                371,554        34,332
             – Provisions                                                          363,180       534,963
             – Bills receivable at FVOCI                                           580,665       306,001


            Cash (used in)/generated from operations                           (15,501,279)   9,314,578

260
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



24 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
   (Continued)
   (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
         The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including
         both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which
         cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow
         statement as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                   Trade and
                                                               other payables
                                                                     – Assets
                                                                   sold under
                                                    Loans and     repurchase                Lease
                                                    borrowings    agreements             liabilities            Total
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000


         At 1 January 2024                         28,115,923         380,704          1,934,460           30,431,087

         Changes from financing cash flows:
         Proceeds from loans and borrowings         43,950,488               –                  –          43,950,488
         Repayment of loans and borrowings         (36,287,098)              –                  –         (36,287,098)
         Payment of lease liabilities                        –               –           (617,923)           (617,923)
         Decrease in assets sold under
           repurchase agreements – net                       –        (145,691)                   –           (145,691)


         Total changes from financing cash           7,663,390        (145,691)          (617,923)          6,899,776


         Other changes:
         New leases                                          –               –         1,004,358             1,004,358
         Acquisition of subsidiaries                         –               –              3,206                3,206
         Leases terminated                                   –               –          (140,183)             (140,183)
         Interest incurred                             519,882               –             88,154              608,036
         Interest paid                              (1,008,600)              –            (88,154)          (1,096,754)


         Total other changes                          (488,718)              –            867,381             378,663


         At 31 December 2024                       35,290,595         235,013          2,183,918           37,709,526



                                                                                                                          261
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  24 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
     (Continued)
      (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
                                                                      Trade and
                                                                  other payables
                                                                        – Assets
                                                                      sold under
                                                        Loans and    repurchase       Lease
                                                       borrowings    agreements    liabilities       Total
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000


            At 1 January 2025                          35,290,595        235,013   2,183,918     37,709,526

            Changes from financing cash flows:
            Proceeds from loans and borrowings          42,648,476             –           –      42,648,476
            Repayment of loans and borrowings          (34,711,779)            –           –     (34,711,779)
            Payment of lease liabilities                         –             –    (610,516)       (610,516)
            Increase in assets sold under repurchase
              agreements – net                                   –       295,867            –       295,867


            Total changes from financing cash           7,936,697        295,867    (610,516)     7,622,048


            Other changes:

            New leases                                           –             –     885,735         885,735
            Leases terminated                                    –             –    (208,886)       (208,886)
            Disposal of subsidiaries                    (5,593,481)            –     (50,245)     (5,643,726)
            Interest incurred                              580,353             –      80,316         660,669
            Interest paid                                 (433,918)            –     (80,316)       (514,234)


            Total other changes                         (5,447,046)            –    626,604       (4,820,442)


            At 31 December 2025                        37,780,246        530,880   2,200,006     40,511,132




262
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



24 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
   (Continued)
   (d)   Total cash outflow for leases
         Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:


                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


         Within operating cash flows                                         53,313                54,184
         Within investing cash flows                                              –               489,878
         Within financing cash flows                                        690,832               706,077


                                                                            744,145             1,250,139


         These amounts relate to the following:


                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


         Lease rentals paid                                                 744,145               760,261
         Addition in land use rights                                              –               489,878


                                                                            744,145             1,250,139




                                                                                                             263
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  25 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                     2025                    2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Trade Payables                                                                            19,865,104             21,429,013
      Bills payable (i)                                                                          8,766,475             14,066,761
      Customer deposits (ii)                                                                     6,385,493              5,395,429
      Employee benefits payable                                                                  2,757,526              4,237,686
      Insurance contract liabilities                                                             3,353,072              2,784,421
      Payable for mould expenses                                                                 2,243,766              1,654,906
      Development costs payable                                                                  1,691,767              1,844,390
      Advertising expenses payable                                                                 906,737                758,162
      Construction costs payable                                                                 1,111,652              1,290,116
      Other taxes                                                                                  546,332              1,071,631
      Taxes related to contract liabilities                                                        415,749                591,028
      Financial liabilities arising from continuing involvement (note 34)                                –                397,160
      Assets sold under repurchase agreements                                                      530,880                235,013
      Deposits payable                                                                             419,513                364,592
      Government grants                                                                          3,185,134              2,880,270
      Refund liabilities                                                                         2,944,170              3,507,434
      Other payables                                                                             4,079,735              4,912,101


                                                                                                59,203,105             67,420,113


      Current portion                                                                           54,663,948             63,226,725
      Non-current portion                                                                        4,539,157              4,193,388


                                                                                                59,203,105             67,420,113


      (i)    As at 31 December 2025, certain bills payable were secured by the Group’s inventories (note 19).

      (ii)   The balance represents customer deposits received by GAC Finance. The interest rates follow the prevailing savings interest
             rates published by the PBOC.




264
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



25 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
   As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables and bills payable (which are
   included in trade and other payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


   Within 1 year                                                            27,569,452            34,973,535
   Between 1 and 2 years                                                       744,220               358,409
   Between 2 and 3 years                                                       250,701                49,634
   Over 3 years                                                                 67,206               114,196


                                                                            28,631,579            35,495,774



26 CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


   Receipts in advance of performance                                        2,718,449             2,354,066
   Unsatisfied performance obligations                                         333,658               326,487


                                                                             3,052,107             2,680,553


   Current portion                                                           2,965,855             2,573,115
   Non-current portion                                                          86,252               107,438


                                                                             3,052,107             2,680,553


   Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers while the
   vehicles and related products are yet delivered, or the underlying services are yet provided. The non-
   current portion of contract liabilities are expected to be recognised as income after more than one year.




                                                                                                                265
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  26 CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
      Movements in contract liabilities
                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


      Balance as 1 January                                              2,680,553         2,646,221
      Revenue recognised that was included in the balance
        of contract liabilities at the beginning of the year           (2,680,553)       (2,646,221)
      Increase by cash received or addition in unsatisfied
        performance obligations                                         3,052,107         2,680,553


      Balance at 31 December                                            3,052,107         2,680,553



  27 LOANS AND BORROWINGS
      (a)   The analysis of the carrying amount of loans and borrowings is as follows:
                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


            Bank loans
            – secured (i)                                              20,301,939         4,875,355
            – unsecured                                                14,631,794        28,236,018


                                                                       34,933,733        33,111,373

            Medium-term notes (ii)                                      2,507,175                 –
            Securitisation debts (note 34)                                      –         1,939,810
            Other borrowings                                              316,626           219,022
            Interest payables                                              22,712            20,390


                                                                       37,780,246        35,290,595


            Current portion                                            28,082,981        23,321,740
            Non-current portion                                         9,697,265        11,968,855


                                                                       37,780,246        35,290,595

266
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



27 LOANS AND BORROWINGS (Continued)
   (a)   The analysis of the carrying amount of loans and borrowings is as follows: (Continued)
         Note:

         (i)     As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, these bank borrowings were secured by the Group’s inventories (note 19) and
                 restricted cash (note 23).

         (ii)    In March and December 2025, a subsidiary of the Group and the Company issued three-year medium-term notes
                 with principal amount of RMB500,000,000 and RMB2,000,000,000 and bearing coupon rates of 2.2% and1.8%
                 per annum, respectively.

         (iii)   Certain of the Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilment of covenants. Some of those relating to the
                 Group’s financial metrics which are tested periodically, as are commonly found in lending arrangements with financial
                 institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants the related loans would become payable on demand. As
                 at 31 December 2025, long-term bank loans of RMB2,426,784,000 have been classified as current due to not
                 complying with the covenants relating to drawn down facilities (2024: Nil).



   (b)   The analysis of the repayment schedule of loans and other borrowings is as follows:
                                                     As at 31 December 2025                     As at 31 December 2024
                                                                       Other                                        Other
                                                     Bank loans   borrowings                    Bank loans    borrowings
                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000                       RMB’000       RMB’000


         Within 1 year                                28,079,370                 3,611          21,597,203             1,724,537
         Between 1 and 2 years                         3,870,327                23,852           4,452,444               454,685
         Between 2 and 5 years                         2,183,899             2,814,300           6,775,063                     –
         Over 5 years                                    800,137                 4,750             286,663                     –


                                                      34,933,733             2,846,513          33,111,373             2,179,222




                                                                                                                                    267
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  28 LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


      Current portion                                                           391,492           456,396
      Non-current portion                                                     1,808,514         1,727,522


      Lease liabilities                                                       2,200,006         2,183,918



  29 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
      The Group implements a defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plan for eligible
      employees. Expenses are recognised when relevant employees have rendered services entitling them to
      the contribution.


      The amount of defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plan represents the present
      value of the total estimated amount of future benefits that the Group is committed to pay for eligible
      employees as at the end of the reporting period.


      As at 31 December 2025, a provision of approximately RMB123,370,000 (2024: RMB113,414,000) was
      recognised for defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plan and included in employee
      benefits payable within trade and other payables.


      For the year ended 31 December 2025, remeasurement arising from changes in actuarial assumptions
      of RMB13,778,000 (2024: RMB5,033,000) (note 33(a)) was recognised in other comprehensive income.
      There was no plan assets related to the defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans
      of the Group.




268
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



29 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)
   The significant actuarial assumptions for the defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical
   plan were as follows:


                                                                                     2025                  2024


   Discount rate                                                                 1.75%                  2.00%
   Annual increase rate of supplemental medical insurance                        2.00%                  2.00%
   Annual increase rate of physical examination benefits                         0.00%                  0.00%
   Mortality rate                                                             China life              China life
                                                                          Insurance life          Insurance life
                                                                            expectancy              expectancy
                                                                            (2010-2013)            (2010-2013)


   As at 31 December 2025, had the discount rate been 25 basis points higher/lower, the present value of
   the established benefit plan obligations would have been RMB3,560,000 (2024: RMB3,190,000) lower or
   RMB3,730,000 (2024: RMB3,360,000) higher. The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an
   assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes
   in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit
   obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same method has been applied as when calculating
   the defined benefit liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.



30 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS
   (a)   The Fourth A Share Options Scheme
         According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 20 January 2023,
         total 233,896,200 A Share Options (“SO-IV”) were granted to 3,089 individuals, including directors,
         senior management and selected key employees (the “SO-IV Recipients”). The grant date is 20
         January 2023 (the “Grant Date-SO-IV”).


         Pursuant to a supplementary announcement issued on 8 March 2023, 440,800 units of 6 recipients
         were given up for personal reasons. After registration, total 233,455,400 units of SO-IV were granted
         to 3,083 recipients.




                                                                                                                   269
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  30 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   The Fourth A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
            Each share option represents the right granted to the SO-IV Recipients to acquire one share of
            the Company at pre-determined exercise price of RMB11.99 and conditions in the validity period
            as set out in the Fourth A Share Options Scheme (“SO-IV Scheme”). The weighted average fair
            value of SO-IV, as estimated at the Grant Date-SO-IV, was RMB2.72 per share option. This was
            calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model. The significant inputs into the model
            are listed as follow:


            Exercise price determined at the Grant Date-SO-IV                                      RMB11.99
            Expected option life (years)                                                            3.7 years
            Share price at Grant Date-SO-IV                                                        RMB11.53
            Estimated volatility of the share price                                                  28.20%
            Estimated dividend yields                                                                  0.00%
            Annual risk-free interest rate during the option life                                      2.54%
            Exercise price determined at the Grant Date-SO-IV                                      RMB11.99


            The exercise price of SO-IV will be adjusted when there is dividend payment, transfer from capital
            surplus to paid-in capital, distribution of dividends, share split, allotment of shares and share
            consolidation etc. As of 31 December 2025, the exercise price was adjusted from RMB11.99 to
            RMB11.61 per share.


            20%, 40% and 40% of the SO-IV granted to the SO-IV Recipients will become exercisable once per
            year in three years starting two years from the Grant Date-SO-IV, subject to the Group achieving
            the performance conditions as set out in the SO-IV Scheme. The option has a contractual option
            term of 5 years starting from the grant date. The Company has no legal or constructive obligation
            to purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.


            On 10 October 2024 and 16 January 2026, pursuant to resolutions of the Company’s meeting of
            directors, 46,691,080 units of Batch I of SO-IV and 93,382,160 units of Batch II of SO-IV were
            forfeited, respectively, due to failure to meet the performance conditions.


      (b)   Total expenses
            In 2025, total expenses of RMB123,756,000 were reversed in profit or loss for SO-IV as a result
            of failure to meet performance conditions (2024: RMB16,842,000).




270
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



31 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
   POSITION
   (a)   Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:
                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


         At 1 January                                                   415,478                203,862
         Provisions for                                                 288,747                714,395
         – PRC income tax                                               212,102                623,313
         – Income tax of other jurisdictions                             76,645                 91,082
         Disposal of subsidiaries                                      (102,553)                     –
         Income tax paid                                               (517,721)              (502,779)


         At 31 December                                                   83,951              415,478




                                                                                                          271
272
      31 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
         (Continued)
         (b)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:

               (i)   Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities
                     The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                     and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                                                                                                                          gains
                                                                                        Accrued     Intangible                 Fair value                 Revaluation Accelerated arising from        Share of
                                                                        Impairment     expenses         asset                 changes of                  of financial    taxation    business        profit of
                     Deferred tax arising from:                          provision    and others amortisation    Tax losses       FVOCI      Provisions       assets depreciation combination       associates     Others         Total
                                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


                     At 1 January 2024                                     799,796     1,725,717      552,601     1,242,981      124,612       283,283         (3,587)    (157,390)     (46,229)       (94,770)   (300,891)   4,126,123
                     Credited/(charged) to profit or loss (note 7(a))      287,650      (190,724)      73,096      961,400              –       26,736        (17,576)     55,695         4,571       (243,095)    (10,370)    947,383
                     Credited/(charged) to reserves (note 10)                    –      129,715             –             –        (3,792)            –             –            –             –             –           –     125,923
                     Disposal of a subsidiary                                    –             –            –             –             –             –             –            –        (2,072)            –           –       (2,072)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



                     At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025              1,087,446     1,664,708      625,697     2,204,381      120,820       310,019        (21,163)    (101,695)     (43,730)      (337,865)   (311,261)   5,197,357
                     Credited/(charged) to profit or loss (note 7(a))       89,871      174,879       (66,529)     485,901              –        4,414        (32,632)     19,724        34,616         18,325     138,634     867,203
                     Credited/(charged) to reserves (note 10)                    –       (51,982)           –             –       37,689              –             –            –             –             –           –      (14,293)
                     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                 –             –            –             –             –             –             –            –      (37,321)             –           –      (37,321)
                     Disposal of subsidiaries                             (262,628)      (11,634)           –             –             –             –             –            –             –             –           –     (274,262)


                     At 31 December 2025                                   914,689     1,775,971      559,168     2,690,282      158,509       314,433        (53,795)     (81,971)     (46,435)      (319,540)   (172,627)   5,738,684
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



31 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
   POSITION (Continued)
   (b)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised: (Continued)

         (ii)   Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


                Net deferred tax assets in the consolidated
                 statement of financial position                             6,204,446             5,777,101
                Net deferred tax liabilities in the consolidated
                 statement of financial position                               (465,762)             (579,744)


                                                                             5,738,684             5,197,357



   (c)   Deferred tax assets not recognised
         In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 1(t), the Group has not recognised deferred
         tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of RMB25,736,623,000 (2024: RMB19,446,427,000)
         as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be
         available. These tax losses will expire between 2026 and 2030.


                                                                                 2025                  2024
         Expiry year                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


         2025                                                                        –             3,255,309
         2026                                                                2,245,118             1,922,050
         2027                                                                4,630,615             3,443,274
         2028                                                                9,376,657             8,691,544
         2029                                                                4,681,290             2,134,250
         2030 and later                                                      4,802,943                     –


                                                                            25,736,623            19,446,427




                                                                                                                273
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  32 PROVISIONS
                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


      Warranty provisions (a)                                                   2,433,815           2,049,884
      Litigation provisions                                                        10,795              12,317
      Onerous contracts                                                            27,469              40,466
      Other provisions                                                              2,459               8,691


                                                                                2,474,538           2,111,358


      Current portion                                                             913,774             784,606
      Non-current portion                                                       1,560,764           1,326,752


                                                                                2,474,538           2,111,358



      (a)   Warranty provisions
                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


            At 1 January                                                        2,049,884           1,469,618
            Provisions made                                                     1,294,436           1,835,106
            Provisions utilised                                                  (910,505)         (1,254,840)


            At 31 December                                                      2,433,815           2,049,884


            Current portion                                                       913,774             784,606
            Non-current portion                                                 1,520,041           1,265,278


                                                                                2,433,815           2,049,884


            The Group undertakes to repair or replace the product components that fail to perform satisfactorily
            for automobiles and other products with warranty. Provisions are estimated based on sales volume,
            the past experience of level of repairs and returns. The Group reviews the basis for estimating its
            warranty provisions on an ongoing basis and adjust the amounts as necessary.
274
                                                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
   (a)   Movement of individual component of the Group’s reserves
                                                                                                                          Statutory
                                                                      Share       Capital      Treasury       Other         surplus    General    Special        Total
                                                                   premium       reserve          stock    reserves    reserve fund    reserve    reserve     reserves
                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2024                                     33,530,958    7,576,730     (127,975)    119,320       5,498,401    657,583      62,269   47,317,286


         Appropriation to general reserve fund                             –            –            –            –              –      24,112          –       24,112
         Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVOCI            –            –            –    (216,062)              –           –          –     (216,062)
         Deferred tax                                                      –            –            –     125,923               –           –          –      125,923
         Share of changes in joint ventures and associates                 –     (119,904)           –       (4,050)             –           –          –     (123,954)
         Exchange differences on translation of financial
           statements of foreign operations                                –             –           –      11,241               –           –          –       11,241
         Remeasurement of post-employment benefit
           obligations                                                     –             –           –      (5,033)              –           –          –        (5,033)
         Repurchase of shares                                       (248,669)            –    (405,708)          –               –           –          –     (654,377)
         Employee share-based awards scheme
         – Value of employee services                                      –       (16,842)          –           –               –           –          –      (16,842)
         – Proceeds from shares issued                              282,656      (106,881)           –           –               –           –          –     175,775
         – Repurchase and cancellation of restricted shares          (11,856)            –      15,186           –               –           –          –        3,330
         Others                                                            –       (13,322)          –       5,167               –           –     14,611        6,456


         As at 31 December 2024                                   33,553,089    7,319,781     (518,497)     36,506       5,498,401    681,695      76,880   46,647,855




                                                                                                                                                                           275
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
      (a)   Movement of components of the Group’s reserves (continued)
                                                                                                                        Statutory
                                                                         Share      Capital     Treasury       Other      surplus     General    Special       Total
                                                                      premium       reserve        stock    reserves reserve fund     reserve    reserve    reserves
                                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000


            As at 1 January 2025                                     33,553,089    7,319,781    (518,497)     36,506     5,498,401    681,695     76,880   46,647,855


            Appropriation to general reserve fund                             –           –            –           –             –     41,057          –       41,057
            Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVOCI            –           –            –      66,842             –          –          –       66,842
            Deferred tax                                                      –           –            –     (14,293)            –          –          –      (14,293)
            Share of changes in joint ventures and associates                 –      39,996            –     (12,419)            –          –          –       27,577
            Exchange differences on translation of financial
              statements of foreign operations                                –            –           –       8,533             –          –          –        8,533
            Remeasurement of post-employment benefit
              obligations (note 29)                                           –            –           –     (13,778)            –          –          –     (13,778)
            Repurchase of shares                                              –            –     (79,978)          –             –          –          –     (79,978)
            Cancellation of shares                                     (256,282)           –     374,686           –             –          –          –     118,404
            Employee share-based awards scheme
            – Value of employee services                                      –     (123,756)          –           –             –          –          –     (123,756)
            – Cancellation of restricted shares (note33(d)(ii))         (86,741)           –     112,789           –             –          –          –       26,048
            Disposal of equity investments at FVOCI                           –            –           –     (37,608)            –          –          –      (37,608)
            Others                                                            –      (12,397)          –      (6,360)            –          –     12,328       (6,429)


            As at 31 December 2025                                   33,210,066    7,223,624    (111,000)     27,423     5,498,401    722,752     89,208   46,660,474




276
                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
   (b)   Movements of component of the Company’s equity
                                                                                           Retained
                                                     Share capital     Reserves            earnings              Total
                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


         Balance at 1 January 2024                     10,490,234     40,150,037          48,000,799         98,641,070


         Changes in equity for 2024:
         Total comprehensive income for the year                 –        (67,582)         3,581,213           3,513,631
         Repurchase of common shares                      (166,848)     (654,377)                  –            (821,225)
         Employee share-based awards schemes                18,132       162,263                   –             180,395
         Dividends declared                                      –              –         (1,355,760)         (1,355,760)


         Balance at 31 December 2024
           and 1 January 2025                          10,341,518     39,590,341          50,226,252        100,158,111


         Changes in equity for 2025:
         Total comprehensive income for the year                –             –            1,616,925           1,616,925
         Repurchase of shares (note 33(d))                      –       (79,978)                   –             (79,978)
         Cancellation of shares (note 33(d))             (118,404)      118,404                    –                   –
         Employee share-based awards schemes              (26,048)      (97,708)                   –            (123,756)
         Dividends declared in                                  –             –             (203,645)           (203,645)
         Share of other changes in capital reserve
           of joint ventures and associates                      –        21,746                   –              21,746
         Others                                                  –             –              11,955              11,955


         Balance at 31 December 2025                   10,197,066     39,552,805          51,651,487        101,401,358




                                                                                                                            277
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
      (c)   Dividends

            (i)    Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year
                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


                   Interim dividend declared and paid during the year              –          310,455
                   Final dividend proposed after the end of the
                     reporting period                                              –          203,671


                                                                                   –          514,126



            (ii)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous
                   financial year, approved and paid during the year
                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


                   Final dividend in respect of the previous financial
                     year, approved and paid during the year                203,645         1,048,690




278
                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
   (d)   Share capital

         (i)   Issued share capital
                                                                  2025                               2024
                                                     No. of shares                       No. of shares
                                                              (’000)      RMB’000                (’000)          RMB’000


               Ordinary shares, issued and
                fully paid:


               At 1 January                             10,341,518       10,341,518        10,490,234          10,490,234
               Cancellation of shares (33(d)(i))          (118,404)        (118,404)         (166,848)           (166,848)
               Employee share-based awards
                 scheme
               – Proceeds from share issued                      –                –             21,462              21,462
               – Cancellation of restricted shares
                   (note 33(d)(ii))                        (26,048)         (26,048)             (3,330)            (3,330)


               At 31 December                           10,197,066       10,197,066        10,341,518          10,341,518


               The ordinary share of the Company has a par value of RMB1 per share.


               The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time
               and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank
               equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.




                                                                                                                             279
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
      (d)   Share capital (Continued)

            (ii)   Repurchase and cancellation of own shares
                   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company repurchased its own ordinary shares
                   on The Stock Exchange as follows:


                                                  Number            Highest          Lowest
                                                 of shares       price paid       price paid      Aggregate
                                              repurchased        per share        per share       price paid
                                                                                                   RMB’000


                   A shares                      1,288,404         RMB7.79         RMB7.73            10,000
                   H shares                     24,496,000         HKD3.16         HKD3.02            69,978


                                                                                                      79,978


                   During the year ended 31 December 2025, 26,048,350 restricted shares, which were forfeited
                   under employee share-based awards scheme, were cancelled; 118,404,000 ordinary H shares
                   were cancelled and recorded as a reduction of share capital.


                   During the year ended 31 December 2025, 25,784,404 ordinary shares were repurchased
                   at an aggregate price equivalent to RMB79,978,000;


      (e)   Nature and purpose of reserves

            (i)    Share premium
                   The share premium represents the difference between the par value of the shares of the
                   Company and proceeds received from the issuance of the shares of the Company.


            (ii)   Capital reserve
                   The capital reserve mainly comprises the portion of the grant date fair value of unexercised
                   share options granted to employees of the Group and the proportional share of its joint
                   ventures and associates that has been recognised in accordance with the accounting policy
                   adopted for share-based payments in note 1(s)(iii).




280
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
   (e)   Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)

         (iii)   Other reserves
                 Other reserves mainly included in reserve comprises the following:


                 –     Exchange reserve
                       The exchange reserve comprises all exchange differences arising from the translation
                       of the financial statements of foreign operations as well as the effective portion of any
                       foreign exchange differences arising from hedges of the net investment in these foreign
                       operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set
                       out in note 1(x).


                 –     Fair value reserve (non-recycling)
                       The fair value reserve (non-recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair
                       value of equity investments designated at FVOCI under HKFRS 9 that are held at the
                       end of the reporting period (see note 1(g)).


         (iv)    Distributable reserves
                 According to the Articles of Association, the distributable reserves of the Company are
                 based on the retained earnings determined pursuant to the Generally Accepted Accounting
                 Principles of the PRC and Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (whichever is lower).
                 As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders
                 amounted to RMB51,651,487,000 (2024: RMB50,226,252,000).


   (f)   Capital management
         The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
         continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits
         for other stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and
         by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.


         The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance
         between the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and
         the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the
         capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.




                                                                                                                  281
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  33 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
      (f)   Capital management (Continued)
            The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio. For
            this purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as total debt (which includes loans and borrowings,
            and lease liabilities) plus unaccrued proposed dividends, less cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted
            capital comprises all components of equity and less unaccrued proposed dividends.

            During 2025, the Group’s strategy was unchanged from 2024.


            The Group’s adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio at 31 December was as follows:


                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                 Note           RMB’000             RMB’000

            Current liabilities:
            Loans and borrowings                                  27          28,082,981          23,321,740
            Lease liabilities                                     28             391,492             456,396


                                                                              28,474,473          23,778,136
            Non-current liabilities:
            Loans and borrowings                                  27            9,697,265         11,968,855
            Lease liabilities                                     28            1,808,514          1,727,522


            Total debt                                                         39,980,252         37,474,513
            Add: Unaccrued proposed dividends                    33(c)                  –            203,671
            Less: Cash and cash equivalents                       24          (23,843,381)       (36,482,090)


            Adjusted net debt                                                 16,136,871           1,196,094


            Total equity                                                     109,737,718        121,830,607
            Less: Unaccrued proposed dividends                   33(c)                 –           (203,671)


            Adjusted capital                                                 109,737,718        121,626,936


            Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio                                    14.70%               0.98%




282
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



34 DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
   (a)   Deemed disposal of a subsidiary
         In October 2024, the Group’s ex-wholly owned subsidiary, Guangzhou GAC Finance Leasing Co.,
         Ltd. (“GAC Leasing”), entered into an equity subscription agreement with Crédit Agricole Personal
         Finance & Mobility (the “Subscriber”), pursuant to which GAC Leasing would increase its registered
         capital and the Subscriber will subscribe all the incremental registered capital. Upon the completion
         of the transaction in January 2025, the Group’s shareholding in GAC Leasing was diluted from
         100% to 50%, GAC Leasing was renamed as Guangzhou GAC-SOFINCO Finance Leasing Co.,
         Ltd. (“GAC-SOFINCO Leasing”). The Group has joint control over GAC-SOFINCO Leasing with the
         Subscriber and the equity interests held by the Group are accounted for as investments in joint
         ventures accordingly.


         Upon the de-consolidation of GAC-SOFINCO Leasing, the balance of finance lease receivables,
         balances arising from continuing involvements, securities debts, resource financing and borrowings
         related to lease-back arising from GAC Lease’s principal business or asset-back securitisation
         transactions were derecognised accordingly.




                                                                                                                283
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  34 DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Deemed disposal of a subsidiary (Continued)
            The effect of the deemed disposal on the consolidated financial position of the Group is as follows:


                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000


            Property, plant and equipment                                                               8,414
            Intangible assets                                                                           4,375
            Right-of-use assets                                                                        20,154
            Deferred income tax assets                                                                154,525
            Other non-current assets                                                                7,664,019
            Trade and other receivables                                                             5,118,043
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 579,641
            Trade and other payables                                                               (5,981,311)
            Borrowings                                                                             (5,704,366)
            Lease liabilities                                                                         (16,586)


            Net assets disposed of                                                                  1,846,908


            Fair value of equity interests recognised as “investments in joint ventures”            2,132,500


            Gain on the deemed disposal                                                               285,592


            Cash outflow arising from the deemed disposal                                            (579,641)




284
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



34 DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (b)   Disposal of a subsidiary
         In May 2025, the Group entered into a share transfer agreement with a third party to dispose of
         32.03% equity interests in a non-wholly owned subsidiary, namely 南方(韶關)智能網聯新能源汽車
         實驗測試中心有限公司, at a cash consideration of RMB437,875,900. Upon the share transfer, the
         Group’s shareholding was reduced to 45.49% and retained significant influence over the entity, it
         became an associate of the Group.

         The effect of the disposal on the consolidated financial position of the Group is as follows:


                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000


         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   212,878
         Property, plant and equipment                                                               812,868
         Intangible assets                                                                           292,356
         Other assets                                                                                 65,147
         Loans and borrowings                                                                        (59,126)
         Other liabilities                                                                           (48,194)


         Net assets disposed of                                                                    1,275,929


         NCI disposed of                                                                             286,093
         Consideration of the disposal                                                               437,876
         Fair value of equity interests retained and recognised
           as “investments in associates”                                                            621,912


         Gain on the disposal                                                                          69,952


         Consideration received, satisfied in cash                                                   437,876
         Cash and cash equivalent disposed of                                                       (212,878)


         Net cash flow arising from the disposal                                                     224,998


         During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group also disposed of several other subsidiaries,
         but these disposals did not have a significant financial impact on the Group.

                                                                                                                285
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS
      Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s
      business. The Group is also exposed to equity price risk arising from its equity investments in other entities
      and movements in its own equity share price.


      The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by
      the Group to manage these risks are described below.


      (a)   Credit risk
            Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting
            in a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables
            and debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI; and other financial assets at amortised cost.
            The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, bank acceptance and
            derivative financial assets is limited because the counterparties are banks and financial institutions
            with a minimum credit rating, which the Group considers representing low credit risk. Deposit with
            banks, including time deposits, restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents, are also subject to the
            impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, identified impairment loss was immaterial.


            The Group does not provide any other guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk.




286
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)

         (i)   Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables, other receivables
               and debt instruments at FVOCI during the year is as follows:


                                                                Other          Debt           Other
                                                   Trade      current   instruments       long-term
                                             receivables       assets      at FVOCI     receivables        Total
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                (note 20)   (note 20)      (note 10)       (note 21)


               At 1 January 2024                 541,526     609,750               –        628,806     1,780,082


               Loss allowance recognised         542,688       4,644          5,167         479,683     1,032,182
               Acquisition of a subsidiary         1,854           –              –               –         1,854
               Write-off in the year                   –           –              –        (343,505)     (343,505)


               At 31 December 2024 and
                 1 January 2025                1,086,068     614,394          5,167         764,984     2,470,613


               Loss allowance recognised          31,827       4,329          (1,618)        69,413       103,951
               Disposal of subsidiaries          (32,095)       (470)              –       (609,557)     (642,122)
               Write-off in the year                   –           –               –        (63,253)      (63,253)


               At 31 December 2025             1,085,800     618,253          3,549         161,587     1,869,189




                                                                                                                    287
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)

            (ii)   Trade receivables
                   The Group has established a credit risk management policy under which individual credit
                   evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
                   evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current
                   ability to pay and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining
                   to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Normally, the Group does not
                   obtain collateral from customers.


                   The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime
                   ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified
                   approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance
                   for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been
                   assessed on individual basis or grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the
                   days past due.


                   On that basis, the following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit
                   risk and ECLs for trade receivables:

                                             As at 31 December 2025                  As at 31 December 2024
                                                     Grossing                                 Grossing
                                         Expected     carrying      Loss       Expected        carrying       Loss
                                         loss rate     amount allowance         loss rate      amount    allowance
                                                %    RMB’000    RMB’000                %     RMB’000     RMB’000

                   On individual basis     72.19%    1,217,668      879,008     71.90%     1,218,441      876,009
                   On customer group
                   – Related parties        1.88%    1,518,763       28,517       1.86%      730,759       13,575
                   – Government             1.70%      170,555        2,901       1.15%      508,923        5,828
                   – Third parties
                   Within 1 year            0.60%    2,575,777       15,388      0.12%     1,659,630        2,062
                   1 – 2 years             15.37%       40,856        6,280     13.05%        83,445       10,890
                   2 – 3 years             37.40%        3,987        1,491     33.03%        85,669       28,294
                   3 – 4 years             79.83%       10,252        8,184     72.50%         9,928        7,198
                   4 – 5 years            100.00%        6,578        6,578    100.00%           612          612
                   Over 5 years           100.00%      137,452      137,453    100.00%       141,600      141,600

                                                     5,681,888    1,085,800                4,439,007    1,086,068


288
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)

         (ii)    Trade receivables (Continued)
                 Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past. These rates are
                 adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which
                 the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic
                 conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.


         (iii)   Debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI
                 All of the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI are considered to have low
                 credit risk, and the loss allowance recognised during the period was therefore limited to 12
                 months expected losses. The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated
                 with debt investments at amortised cost or at FVOCI since the Group furnishes investment
                 mandates to commercial banks, trust companies and asset management companies, and
                 these mandates require them to invest in such debt investments with high market credit rating,
                 liquidity and stable return. Management does not expect that there will be any significant
                 losses from non-performance by these counterparties.


         (iv)    Debt investments at FVPL
                 The Group is also exposed to credit risk in relation to debt investments that are measured
                 at fair value through profit or loss. The maximum exposure as at 31 December 2025 is the
                 carrying amount of these investments, amounting to approximately RMB6,077,268,000 (31
                 December 2024: RMB1,889,229,000).


         (v)     Other financial assets at amortised cost
                 The Group applies the general approach to provide for expected credit loss of other financial
                 assets measured at amortised cost including commercial acceptance, entrusted loans, finance
                 lease receivables, loan receivables, dividend receivable and other receivables under HKFRS 9.




                                                                                                                 289
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)

            (v)   Other financial assets at amortised cost (Continued)
                  Except for certain long-aged receivables for which the debtors failed to make demanded
                  repayment and the Group has made specific provision on a case-by-case basis, the expected
                  credit loss provision for the above-mentioned financial assets is based on the 12-month
                  expected credit loss. It is the portion of lifetime expected credit loss that results from default
                  events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
                  However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the
                  allowance will be based on the lifetime expected credit loss. In calculating the expected
                  credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each category of receivables
                  and adjusts for forward looking macroeconomic data, including real GDP, current account
                  balance, nominal retail sales growth rate and exchange rate. As at 31 December 2025 and
                  2024, except for certain defaulted receivables, management considers that the expected
                  credit loss is immaterial.


                  The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether
                  there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each
                  reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group
                  compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of
                  default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive
                  forwarding-looking information. Especially the following indicators are incorporated:


                  •     internal credit rating


                  •     external credit rating (as far as available)


                  •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                        conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability to
                        meet its obligations


                  •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the debtor


                  •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor




290
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)

         (v)   Other financial assets at amortised cost (Continued)
               •      significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the
                      quality of third-party guarantees or credit enhancements


               •      significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the debtor, including
                      changes in the payment status of debtors in the Group and changes in the operating
                      results of the borrower. Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or
                      growth rates) is incorporated as part of the internal rating model.


   (b)   Liquidity risk
         Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management,
         including the short-term investment of cash surpluses, participation in supplier finance arrangements
         with banks and the raising of loans and issuing medium-term notes to cover expected cash demands,
         subject to approval by the Company’s board when the borrowings exceed certain predetermined
         levels of authority.


         The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending
         covenants and its relationship with finance providers, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves
         of cash, readily realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major
         financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


         As disclosed in note 27, certain of the Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilment of
         covenants. Some of those covenants relating to the Group’s financial metrics which are tested
         periodically, as are commonly found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group
         were to breach the covenants, the related loans would become payable on demand. The Group
         have classified those long-term loans that did not fulfil the covenants as current at the end of the
         reporting period.


         The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period
         of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted
         cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on
         rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the date the Group is contractually required
         to pay, or if the counterparty has the choice of when the amount should be paid (irrespective of
         the fulfilment of covenants), the earliest date the Group can be required to pay.

                                                                                                                 291
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                                                                Undiscounted contractual cashflow
                                                                                                                     Carrying
                                          Less than     Between       Between                                       amount as
                                             1 year 1 and 2 years 2 and 5 years    Over 5 years        Total     31 December
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


            As at 31 December 2025
            Loans and borrowings          28,139,257    4,100,936      5,195,325       813,745      38,249,263     37,780,246
            Trade and other payables
               (excluding non-financial
               liabilities)               51,263,599    1,265,954             –              –      52,529,553     52,529,553
            Lease liabilities                469,790      474,127       977,608        587,168       2,508,693      2,200,006


            As at 31 December 2024
            Loans and borrowings          24,120,032    5,187,787      6,966,464       293,836      36,568,119     35,290,595
            Trade and other payables
               (excluding non-financial
               liabilities)               57,306,524      371,848       757,362        203,764      58,639,498     58,639,498
            Lease liabilities                560,311      363,624       793,462        812,957       2,530,354      2,183,918




292
                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c)   Interest rate risk
         Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will
         fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily
         from interest-bearing borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash
         flow interest rate risk. The Group’s interest rate risk profile as monitored by management is set
         out in (i) below.


         (i)    Interest rate profile
                The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings
                at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                  2025                                2024
                                                          Effective                           Effective
                                                     interest rates        Amount        interest rates         Amount
                                                                             ’000                                 ’000


                Loans and borrowings:
                Fixed rate loans and borrowings      1.2% – 4.9%         24,114,327      2.5% – 4.9%         20,082,486
                Variable rate loans and borrowings   2.2% – 3.8%         13,665,919     2.15% – 4.0%         15,208,109


                Fixed rate loans and borrowings as
                  a percentage of total borrowings                            64%                                  57%



         (ii)   Sensitivity analysis
                At 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points
                in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have increase/decreased
                the Group’s loss after tax and retained profits by approximately RMB102,980,000 (2024:
                decrease/increase the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits by RMB114,061,000).


                In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate borrowings
                held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s profit after
                tax (and retained profits) is estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense of such
                a change in interest rates. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2024.



                                                                                                                          293
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (d)   Currency risk
            The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to
            receivables, payables and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency
            other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies
            giving rise to this risk are primarily United States dollars and Hong Kong dollars.


            (i)   Exposure to currency risk
                  The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency
                  risk arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the
                  functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts
                  of the exposure are shown in RMB, translated using the spot rate at the year end date.
                  Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations
                  into the Group’s presentation currency is excluded.


                                                              Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in RMB)
                                                                 2025                                   2024
                                                     United States        Hong Kong         United States       Hong Kong
                                                           Dollars           currency              Dollars        currency
                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000


                  Trade and other receivables             383,483            112,740               2,132           42,956
                  Cash and cash equivalents               952,093             87,030            435,235            54,292
                  Time deposit                            415,449             26,212             70,546           361,997
                  Restricted cash                             777                  –                   –           70,360
                  Trade and other payables                (31,490)            (2,886)             (8,776)           (3,106)


                  Net exposure                           1,720,312           223,096            499,137           526,499




294
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (d)   Currency risk (Continued)

         (ii)   Sensitivity analysis
                The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and
                retained profits) that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant
                exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other
                risk variables remained constant.


                                                             2025                               2024
                                                    Increase/       Effect on          Increase/
                                                   (decrease) profit after tax        (decrease) Effect on profit
                                                    in foreign   and retained          in foreign    after tax and
                                                exchange rate           profit     exchange rate    retained profit
                                                                          ’000                                ’000


                Hong Kong Dollars                          5%            8,366                5%            19,744
                United States Dollars                      5%           64,512                5%            18,718


                Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the
                instantaneous effects on each of the Group entities’ profit after tax and equity measured
                in the respective functional currencies, and then translated into RMB at the exchange rate
                ruling at the end of the reporting period for presentation purposes.


                The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied
                to remeasure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to
                foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company payables and
                receivables within the Group which are denominated in a currency other than the functional
                currencies of the lender or the borrower. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2024.




                                                                                                                      295
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (e)   Fair value measurement

            (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
                  Fair value hierarchy
                  The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at
                  the end of the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value
                  hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value
                  measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance
                  of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:


                  •     Level 1 valuations:	Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
                                             quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                                             at the measurement date


                  •     Level 2 valuations:	Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs
                                             which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable
                                             inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data
                                             are not available.


                  •     Level 3 valuations:	Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs




296
                                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (e)   Fair value measurement (Continued)

         (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
               Fair value hierarchy (Continued)


                                              Fair value   Fair value measurements as at 31   Fair value    Fair value measurements as at 31
                                                   at 31    December 2025 categorised into         at 31    December 2024 categorised into
                                              December                                        December
                                                    2025    Level 1     Level 2     Level 3        2024     Level 1      Level 2      Level 3
                                               RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


               Recurring fair value
                measurements


               Financial assets at FVPL
                 and at FVOCI:
               Bond investments                4,639,572   2,815,822 1,823,750             – 14,349,715 14,349,715             –             –
               Fund investments                   94,654      80,221     14,433            –    417,702     76,827       340,875             –
               Financial products             17,777,140           – 12,510,583    5,266,557 9,136,811           –             –     9,136,811
               Listed stocks                   3,639,028   3,639,028          –            – 1,767,153 1,767,153               –             –
               Unlisted equity investments     2,833,686           –          –    2,833,686 2,781,383           –             –     2,781,383
               Bills receivable                  925,814           –          –      925,814 1,506,479                               1,506,479
               Listed preference shares          521,775           –    521,775            –    525,977          –       525,977


                                              30,431,669   6,535,071 14,870,541    9,026,057 30,485,220 16,193,695       866,852 13,424,673


               During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers between Level
               1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers
               between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.




                                                                                                                                                 297
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (e)   Fair value measurement (Continued)

            (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
                  Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements
                  The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined
                  by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
                  market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates.
                  If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
                  included in level 2.


                  If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument
                  is included in level 3.


                  Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                  •       Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.


                  •       Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair
                          value for the remaining financial instruments.


                  Information about Level 3 fair value measurements


                                                Valuation             Significant                                               Weighted
                                                techniques            unobservable inputs                          Range         average


                  Financial products            Discounted cashflow   Discounted rate                      1.10% to 3.30%           2.50%
                                                                                                    (2024: 1.35% to 3.30%)   (2024: 2.41%)
                                                Built-up method       Asset value                                      N/A             N/A
                  Unlisted equity investments   Built-up method       Value of each asset/liability                    N/A             N/A


                  The fair value of bills receivable at Level 3 approximates the carrying value due to their short
                  maturities.




298
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (e)   Fair value measurement (Continued)

         (i)    Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
                Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (Continued)
                The movements during the reporting period in the balance of financial products and unlisted
                equity investments at Level 3 are as follows:


                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


                Financial products:
                At 1 January                                                 9,136,811             2,946,114
                Acquisition                                                  2,488,879             9,372,677
                Fair value changes                                               9,613                (10,423)
                Disposal                                                    (6,368,746)           (3,171,557)


                At 31 December                                               5,266,557             9,136,811


                Unlisted equity investments:
                At 1 January                                                 2,781,383             1,777,338
                Acquisition                                                    283,222             2,508,993
                Fair value changes                                            (216,159)             (513,309)
                Disposal                                                       (14,760)             (991,639)


                At 31 December                                               2,833,686             2,781,383



         (ii)   Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
                The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortised cost were not
                materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                                               299
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  36 COMMITMENTS
      (a)   Capital and development commitments
            Commitments outstanding at 31 December 2025 not provided for in the financial statements were
            as follows:


                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


            Contracted for
            – acquisition of property, plant and equipment                       1,556,489           3,495,525
            – acquisition of intangible assets                                      43,478             101,308
            – outbound investment                                                        –               3,600


            Authorised but not contracted for:
            – acquisition of property, plant and equipment                         231,791             539,621
            – acquisition of Intangible assets                                   1,822,280           2,050,963


                                                                                 3,654,038           6,191,017



  37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant
      influence in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they
      are subject to common control. The Company’s holding company is GAIG, a state-owned enterprise
      incorporated in the People’s Republic of China. The Group is subject to the control of the PRC Government.


      In accordance with HKAS 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, other state-owned enterprises and their
      subsidiaries, directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC Government (“state-owned enterprises”) are
      regarded as related parties of the Group.


      In addition to the related party information shown elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements,
      the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary and usual
      course of business and balances between the Group and its related parties, during the year ended 31
      December 2025.


      The balances of trade and other receivables, prepayments, trade and other payables, contract liabilities
      and lease liabilities rose in the ordinary and usual course of business and were unsecured, interest free
      and receivable/repayable according to the mutual agreed credit terms.
300
                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (a)   Significant related party transactions
                                                         2025                   2024
                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


         Sales of goods


         Sales of automotive parts and steels
         – Joint ventures                             1,287,562               922,477
         – Associates                                   689,051               103,080
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                          17,537                15,236


                                                      1,994,150             1,040,793


         Sales of passenger vehicles
         – Joint ventures                                54,491                76,360
         – Associates                                   145,165               303,806


                                                        199,656               380,166


                                                      2,193,806             1,420,959


         Interest on loans from related parties
         – Joint ventures                               132,739               158,795
         – Associates                                       311                 2,961


                                                        133,050               161,756


         Rendering of labour and insurance services
         – Joint ventures                             1,676,722             1,795,548
         – Associates                                   314,804               239,204
         – GAIG                                               –                   390
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                          10,976                 5,829


                                                      2,002,502             2,040,971

                                                                                         301
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                     2025         2024
                                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000


            Income on trust management of equity assets
            – GAIG (note (i))                                       18,120       19,430
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                   3,047        4,717


                                                                    21,167       24,147


            Purchases of goods


            Purchases of automotive parts and materials
            – Joint ventures                                      2,032,369    2,490,995
            – Associates                                          6,000,333    7,248,030


                                                                  8,032,702    9,739,025


            Purchases of passenger vehicles
            – Joint ventures                                     10,669,357    9,276,927
            – Associates                                             17,676       13,240


                                                                 10,687,033    9,290,167


                                                                 18,719,735   19,029,192


            Interest on customer deposits from
            – Joint ventures                                        66,977       79,806
            – Associates                                            24,890       27,935


                                                                    91,867      107,741




302
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


         Purchases of labour services and settlement of insurance
           claims
         – Joint ventures                                             824,901               219,574
         – Associates                                                 153,407                76,882
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                       100,101                45,770


                                                                    1,078,409               342,226


         Entrusted loans to related parties
         – Joint ventures                                                     –             250,000
         – Associates                                                         –              26,950


                                                                              –             276,950


         Rental from related parties
         – Joint ventures                                               88,248                67,893
         – Associates                                                   16,574                15,848
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                         14,793                14,272


                                                                      119,615                 98,013


         Addition of right-of-use assets to related parties
         – Joint ventures                                                  287                10,608
         – Associates                                                        –                 4,477
         – GAIG                                                         21,710                 4,010
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                         13,401                51,866


                                                                        35,398                70,961




                                                                                                       303
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


            Entrusted loan interest from related parties
            – Joint ventures                                                                      1,144                14,378
            – An associate                                                                            –                 1,082


                                                                                                  1,144                15,460


            Entrusted loan interest to a related party
            – A joint venture                                                                          –                   639


            Borrowings from a related party
            – A joint venture                                                                  714,121             1,764,740


            Borrowing interest to a related party
            – A joint venture                                                                   70,507                 67,057


            Loans to related parties
            – Joint ventures                                                                6,828,641              1,813,315
            – Associates                                                                       67,128                 99,256


                                                                                            6,895,769              1,912,571


            Sales of intangible assets
            – Joint ventures                                                                   319,025                236,783
            – An associate                                                                       4,154                 10,600


                                                                                               323,179                247,383


            (i)   On 4 January 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company passed a resolution in relation to the Company being
                  entrusted by its controlling shareholder GAIG to manage certain equity investments held by GAIG. The period of
                  the entrust management is three years. The annual management fee is made up of basic and floating portions, with
                  an annual limit of RMB90,000,000.

304
                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (b)   Significant balances with related parties
                                                     As at 31 December
                                                        2025           2024
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


         Trade receivables
         – Joint ventures                              700,214               517,795
         – Associates                                  982,612               432,364
         – GAIG                                             24                    24
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                         10,462                   134


                                                     1,693,312               950,317


         Interest receivable
         – Joint ventures                                14,376                11,878
         – Associates                                         2                    16


                                                         14,378                11,894


         Other receivables and prepayments
         – Joint ventures                              402,889               274,953
         – Associates                                   69,833                46,477
         – GAIG                                             44               652,044
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                         28,548                 4,813


                                                       501,314               978,287


         Dividends receivable
         – Joint ventures                                     –                    –
         – Associates                                    42,088              122,262


                                                         42,088              122,262




                                                                                        305
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


            Bills receivable
            – Joint ventures                                               –         1,150
            – Associates                                              55,612        57,416


                                                                      55,612        58,566


            Entrusted loans due from (i)
            – Joint ventures                                             334         3,351
            – An associate                                                 –         1,142


                                                                         334         4,493


            Loans to related parties – current (ii)
            – Joint ventures                                        1,557,375      343,623
            – Associates                                                  496       26,730


                                                                    1,557,871      370,353


            Loans to related parties – non-current (ii)
            – Joint ventures                                        3,862,850     3,810,088


            Long-term receivables (iii)
            – Joint ventures                                          11,532        89,175


            Deposits placed with
            – A joint venture                                       2,000,000     4,500,000




306
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                    2025           2024
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


         Trade payables
         – Joint ventures                                          584,844               758,523
         – Associates                                            1,586,186             1,537,454
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                      3,373                   994


                                                                 2,174,403             2,296,971


         Other payables
         – Joint ventures                                          109,106                95,158
         – Associates                                              133,040               188,297
         – GAIG                                                    505,199               505,249
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                     17,427                29,484


                                                                   764,772               818,188


         Contract liabilities
         – Joint ventures                                          252,603               228,194
         – Associates                                              173,555               153,363
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                        694                    60


                                                                   426,852               381,617


         Bills payable
         – Joint ventures                                        1,058,832             1,051,534
         – Associates                                            2,159,728             3,058,295


                                                                 3,218,560             4,109,829




                                                                                                   307
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


            Customer deposits
            – Joint ventures                                        4,561,726     3,661,717
            – Associates                                            1,550,069     1,525,262


                                                                    6,111,795     5,186,979


            Short-term borrowings (iv)
            – A joint venture                                         69,337       366,084


            Interest payable
            – Joint ventures                                           5,638         3,753
            – Associates                                               7,011        12,412


                                                                      12,649        16,165


            Lease liabilities
            – Joint ventures                                          37,282       149,507
            – Associates                                               2,622         3,487
            – GAIG                                                    10,562         4,573
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                    45,395        48,604


                                                                      95,861       206,171




308
                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)
         Note:

         (i)     The entrusted loans due from related parties bear interest rate of 3.85% per annum, unsecured and receivable in
                 accordance with normal commercial terms.

         (ii)    The balances of loan receivables to related parties bear interest rates ranging from 0.49% to 5.99% (2024: from
                 0.00% to 5.63%) per annum and receivable in accordance with normal commercial terms. Majority of loans to related
                 parties were unsecured and certain loans were secured by related parties’ inventories.

                 As at 31 December 2025, the balances represent the carrying amount of loan receivables from related parties, after
                 the loss allowance provision of approximately RMB139,020,000 for joint ventures and RMB70,000 for associates
                 (2024: RMB58,750,000 and RMB1,740,000).

         (iii)   As at 31 December 2025, the balances represent the carrying amount of long-term receivables due from related
                 parties, after the loss allowance provision of approximately RMB161,565,000 (2024: RMB154,383,000).

         (iv)    Borrowings from a joint venture, which is a financial institution, are interest-bearing and repayable in accordance
                 with normal commercial terms. As at 31 December 2025, borrowings from a joint venture were secured by the
                 Group’s inventories with of approximately RMB750,559,000 (2024: RMB662,551,000).



   (c)   Transactions and balances with other state-owned enterprises in the PRC
         The Group operates in an economic environment predominated by state-owned enterprises. During
         the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group had transactions with state-owned enterprises
         including, but not limited to, sales of automobiles and other automotive parts and purchases of
         raw materials and automotive parts.


         For the purpose of related party transactions disclosure, the Group has in place procedures to
         assist the identification of the immediate ownership structure of its customers and suppliers as to
         whether they are state-owned enterprises. However, many state-owned enterprises have multi-
         layered corporate structure and the ownership structures change over time as a result of transfers
         and privatisation programs. Nevertheless, the Directors consider that transactions with other state-
         owned enterprises are activities in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, and that the dealings
         of the Group have not been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that the Group and other
         state-owned enterprises are ultimately controlled or owned by the PRC Government.


         The Group has also established pricing policies for products and services, and such pricing policies
         do not depend on whether or not the customers are state-owned enterprises. Having due regard to
         the substance of the relationships, the Directors are of the opinion that none of these transactions
         are material related party transactions that require separate disclosure except for the transactions
         with state-owned financial institutions as disclosed below.


                                                                                                                                  309
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  37 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (c)   Transactions and balances with other state-owned enterprises in the PRC (Continued)

            (i)    Balances with state-owned financial institutions
                   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, majority part of the Group’s bank balances and borrowings
                   were deposited in or financed from various state-owned financial institutions. The Directors
                   are of opinion that such transactions were conducted in the ordinary course of business and
                   in accordance with normal commercial terms.


            (ii)   Guarantees provided by state-owned enterprises and GAIG
                   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, no guarantee was provided by state-owned enterprises
                   or GAIG.


      (d)   Key management personnel remuneration
            Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s
            directors as disclosed in note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in note 9,
            is as follows:


                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000


            Short-term employee benefits                                           21,963             24,578


            Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see note 6(b)).




310
                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



38 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                  31 December          31 December
                                                         2025                 2024
                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


   ASSETS
   Non-current assets
   Property, plant and equipment                     3,303,148             3,375,386
   Right-of-use assets                                 631,329               679,394
   Investment properties                               591,718               553,612
   Intangible assets                                 4,362,562             4,792,506
   Investments in subsidiaries                      49,334,091            47,125,860
   Investments in joint ventures and associates     22,424,316            21,068,504
   Financial assets at FVPL                            938,493               942,695
   Prepayments and long-term receivables               465,223             5,019,303


                                                    82,050,880            83,557,260


   Current assets
   Inventories                                          34,989                18,893
   Trade and other receivables                       4,721,880             3,684,101
   Contract assets                                     162,922               179,022
   Financial assets at FVPL                            162,633             1,035,279
   Assets held for sale                                      –                 1,362
   Time deposits                                     2,604,140             4,000,000
   Cash and cash equivalents                        25,398,040            20,719,529


                                                    33,084,604            29,638,186


   Total assets                                    115,135,484          113,195,446


   LIABILITIES
   Non-current liabilities
   Loans and borrowings                              5,951,047             4,400,000
   Lease liabilities                                    24,717                28,469
   Government grants                                   782,316               462,427


                                                     6,758,080             4,890,896


                                                                                            311
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  38 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)
                                                                        31 December     31 December
                                                                               2025            2024
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                              5,739,460     7,243,505
      Contract liabilities                                                    970,066       788,428
      Loans and borrowings                                                    228,069       114,506
      Lease liabilities                                                        38,451             –


                                                                            6,976,046     8,146,439


      Total liabilities                                                    13,734,126    13,037,335


      NET ASSETS                                                         101,401,358    100,158,111


      CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital (note 33(b)                                            10,197,066    10,341,518
      Reserves (note 33(b)                                                 39,552,805    39,590,341
      Retained earnings                                                    51,651,487    50,226,252


      TOTAL EQUITY                                                       101,401,358    100,158,111


      Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2026.




      Feng Xingya                                      Xia Xianqing
      Chairman                                         Director




312
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



39 NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   On 16 January, 23 January, 17 March and 25 March 2026, the Company completed the issuance of four
   tranches of medium-term notes with aggregate principal amount of RMB11,000,000,000, out of which
   RMB3,000,000,000 has a term of five years and RMB8,000,000,000 has a term of three years. The
   coupon rates range from 1.77%~1.99% per annum.



40 IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY
   At 31 December 2025, the directors consider the immediate parent of the Group to be Guangzhou
   Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd., which is incorporated in PRC. This entity does not produce financial
   statements available for public use.


   The Group is subject to the control of the PRC Government.




                                                                                                                313
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND
     INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR
     ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
      Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended
      standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been
      adopted in these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant
      to the Group.


                                                                                                 Effective for
                                                                                         accounting periods
                                                                                        beginning on or after


      Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7,                              1 January 2026
       Financial instruments: disclosures – Amendments to the classification
       and measurement of financial instruments

      Annual improvements to HKFRSs – Volume 11                                              1 January 2026


      HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                          1 January 2027


      HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures                      1 January 2027


      The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is
      expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is
      unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.




314
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the published financial results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for
the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements of the Group, is set out below:

                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                              2025            2024            2023                 2022                2021
                                           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000


Revenue                                   96,542,390     107,783,807     129,706,167         110,271,923          75,675,765
Cost of sales                           (101,967,311)   (105,345,899)   (125,342,102)       (106,507,364)        (71,776,845)

Gross (loss)/profit                       (5,424,921)      2,437,908       4,364,065            3,764,559           3,898,920
Selling and distribution costs            (5,890,788)     (5,416,689)     (5,032,314)          (3,922,909)         (4,339,756)
Administrative expenses                   (5,385,720)     (5,833,509)     (5,656,662)          (5,114,685)         (4,556,045)
Net impairment losses on financial
   assets                                   (103,951)     (1,032,182)       (455,902)            (627,724)          (143,468)
Interest income                              249,101         312,678         289,366              160,656            257,438
Other gains – net                          2,488,351       6,097,914       1,649,469             (935,421)         1,257,349
Operating loss                           (14,067,928)     (3,433,880)     (4,841,978)          (6,675,524)        (3,625,562)
Interest income                              161,433         271,571         484,993              330,520             58,558
Finance costs                               (638,948)       (562,994)       (467,323)            (351,781)          (425,316)
Share of profit of joint ventures and
   associates                              2,485,260      2,998,268       8,349,006           14,065,159          11,403,900
(Loss)/profit before income tax          (12,060,183)      (727,035)      3,524,698            7,368,374           7,411,580
Income tax credit                            578,456        232,988         215,463              535,540             154,117
(Loss)/profit for the year               (11,481,727)      (494,047)      3,740,161            7,903,914           7,565,697

Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company        (8,783,621)        823,579      4,428,845            7,978,417           7,511,030
Non-controlling interests                 (2,698,106)     (1,317,626)      (688,684)              (74,503)            54,667


                                         (11,481,727)       (494,047)     3,740,161            7,903,914           7,565,697


Assets, liabilities and
  non-controlling interests
Total assets                            214,997,433     232,512,366     218,448,770          189,885,641         154,250,589
Total liabilities                       105,259,715     110,681,759      93,994,958           67,554,186          61,601,804
Non-controlling interests                 4,452,160       7,422,501       8,679,635            9,027,144           2,335,474




                                                                                                                             315
      DEFINITIONS
  In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms used shall have the following
  meanings set out below:


  “A Share(s)”                       domestic listed shares with par value of RMB1.00 each in the ordinary
                                     share capital of the Company which are listed on the Shanghai Stock
                                     Exchange (Stock Code: 601238)


  “AISTALAND Auto”                   Qijing Intelligent Automobile Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (啟境
                                     智能汽車科技（廣州）有限公司, formerly known as Huawang Automobile
                                     Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (華 望 汽 車 技 術（ 廣 州 ）有 限 公 司)), a
                                     company incorporated in March 2025 under the laws of the PRC, in
                                     which the Company and GAC AION hold 71.43% and 28.57% equity
                                     interests, respectively


  “Articles of Association”          the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to
                                     time


  “associate(s)”, “associated        all entities over which the Company has significant influence but not
      company(ies)” or “associated   control, generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and
      enterprise(s)”                 50% of the voting rights of such entities


  “Board”                            the board of directors of the Company


  “CATL”                             Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Ltd.


  “CATL GAC”                         CATL GAC Energy Battery System Co., Ltd. (時 代 廣 汽 動 力 電 池 有 限 公
                                     司), an associated company jointly funded and established by the
                                     Company, GAC AION and CATL in December 2018 under PRC law, in
                                     which the Company and GAC AION hold 49% equity interests in total


  “China Lounge Investments”         China Lounge Investments Limited (中 隆 投 資 有 限 公 司), a wholly-
                                     owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Hong Kong


  “Company” or “GAC”                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司)


  “Company Law”                      the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China


  “CSRC”                             China Securities Regulatory Commission


  “Da Sheng Technology”              Da Sheng Technology Co., Ltd. (大聖科技股份有限公司), a subsidiary of
                                     the Company established in June 2016 under PRC law, in which the
                                     Company and Urtrust Insurance hold 85% and 15% equity interests,
                                     respectively
316
                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                           DEFINITIONS



“DIDI Autonomous Driving”   VOYAGER GROUP INC., a subsidiary of Didi Chuxing in autonomous
                            driving


“GAC AION”                  GAC AION New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣汽埃安新能源汽車股份
                            有 限 公 司) (formerly known as Guangzhou Automobile New Energy
                            Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 新 能 源 汽 車 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary of the
                            Company incorporated in July 2017 under PRC law


“GAC Business”              GAC Business Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 商 貿 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Business Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團商貿有
                            限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in
                            March 2000 under PRC law


“GAC Capital”               GAC Capital Co., Ltd. (廣汽資本有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                            the Company incorporated in April 2013 under PRC Law


“GAC Commercial Vehicle”    GAC New Energy Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd. (廣汽領程新能源商用車
                            有限公司) (formerly known as GAC Hino Motors Co., Ltd. (廣汽日野汽車
                            有 限 公 司)), a subsidiary in which the Company holds 89.72% equity
                            interest


“GAC Component”             GAC Component Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 零 部 件 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Component Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團零部
                            件有限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in August 2000
                            under PRC law by the Company and its subsidiaries


“GAC Energy”                GAC Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (廣汽能源科技有限公司), a subsidiary
                            incorporated in July 2022 under PRC law, in which UPOWER Energy
                            and GAC AION hold 55% and 45% equity interests, respectively


“GAC Finance Company“       Guangzhou Automobile Group Finance Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團財務有限
                            公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in January 2017 under
                            PRC law by the Company


“GAC Honda”                 GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 本 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司) (formerly
                            known as Guangzhou Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣州本田汽車有限
                            公司)), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 1998 under PRC
                            law by the Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China)
                            Investment Co., Ltd.


“GAC International”         GAC International Automobile Sales & Service Co., Ltd. (廣汽國際汽車銷
                            售服務有限公司), a subsidiary incorporated in May 2022 under PRC law
                            by the Company
                                                                                                      317
  DEFINITIONS



  “GAC Mitsubishi”         Hunan Zhixiang Motor Management Services Limited (湖南智享汽車管
                           理有限公司) (previously known as GAC Mitsubishi Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽
                           三菱汽車公司)), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC


  “GAC Toyota Engine”      GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田發動機有限公司), an associated
                           company incorporated in February 2004 under PRC law by the
                           Company and Toyota Motor Company, in which the Company holds
                           30% equity interests


  “GAC Toyota”             GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 豐 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司) (formerly known
                           as Guangzhou Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣州豐田汽車有限公司)), a jointly
                           controlled entity incorporated in September 2004 under PRC law
                           by the Company, Toyota Motor Company and Toyota Motor (China)
                           Investment Co., Ltd.


  “GAC Trumpchi”           GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽傳祺汽車有限公司) (formerly known as GAC
                           Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽乘用車有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                           Company incorporated in July 2008 under PRC law


  “GAC-SOFINCO”            GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd. (廣汽匯理汽車金融有限公司),
                           a jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 2010 under PRC law by
                           the Company and Crédit Agricole Personal Finance & Mobility


  “GAC-SOFINCO Leasing”    GAC-SOFINCO Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽匯理融資租賃有限公
                           司) (formerly known as Guangzhou GAC Leasing Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽融
                           資租賃有限公司)), a limited liability company incorporated in February
                           2004 under PRC law, being a jointly controlled entity of the Company
                           and Crédit Agricole Personal Finance & Mobility


  “GAIG”                   Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd. (廣 州 汽 車 工 業 集 團
                           有限公司), a state-owned enterprise incorporated under the laws of
                           the PRC in October 2000 and the controlling shareholder of the
                           Company


  “Group” or “GAC Group”   the Company and its subsidiaries


  “H Share(s)”             overseas listed foreign shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each
                           in the ordinary share capital of the Company which are listed on the
                           Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2238)


  “HEV”                    hybrid electric vehicles


318
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                                                   DEFINITIONS



“Huawei”                         Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.


“independent director”           has the same meaning as that of independent non-executive director


“IMPOW Battery”                  IMPOW Battery Technology Co., Ltd. (因 湃 電 池 科 技 有 限 公 司), a
                                 subsidiary incorporated in October 2022 under PRC law


“JD”                             JD.com, Inc.


“joint venture(s)” or “jointly   joint venture companies under direct or indirect joint control, and no
  controlled entity(ies)”        participating party has unilateral control power over the economic
                                 activities of such jointly controlled entity as a result of such direct or
                                 indirect joint control


“Lisheng Technology”             Lisheng Automotive Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (立 昇 汽 車 科
                                 技(廣 州)有 限 公 司), established in June 2023 under PRC law by the
                                 Company, GAC Component and Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Ltd.,
                                 and in which the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, GAC
                                 Component collectively hold 45% equity interests


“Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange
                                 as amended from time to time


“Model Code”                     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                 as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules


“MPV”                            multi-purpose passenger vehicle


“ON TIME”                        a mobile mobility platform established in April 2019 and launched
                                 by the Company through Chenqi Technology Limited (including its
                                 subsidiaries) established by China Lounge Investments and Tencent,
                                 and its controlling company, the shares of which are listed on the
                                 Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 9680), in which the Group indirectly
                                 holds 12.84% equity interests


“PHEV”                           plug-in hybrid electric vehicles


“PRC” or “China”                 the People’s Republic of China


“REEV”                           range extend electric vehicle


“reporting period”               for the twelve months ended 31 December 2025

                                                                                                              319
  DEFINITIONS



  “RMB”                     Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


  “Ruipai Power”            Ruipai Power Technology Co., Ltd. (銳湃動力科技有限公司), a subsidiary
                            established in October 2022 under PRC law


  “Securities Law”          the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China


  “SFO”                     the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                            Hong Kong)


  “SSE”                     the Shanghai Stock Exchange


  “SSE Listing Rules”       the Rules Governing the Listing of Shares on the SSE, as amended
                            from time to time


  “Share(s)”                A Share(s) or H Share(s)


  “Shareholder(s)”          holder(s) of the Company’s share


  “Stock Exchange”          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


  “subsidiary”              has the meaning ascribed to “subsidiary” under the Listing Rules


  “Supervisory Committee”   the supervisory committee of the Company


  “SUV”                     sports utility vehicle


  “Tencent”                 Tencent Holdings Ltd.


  “UPOWER Energy”           UPOWER Energy Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (優湃能源科技(廣
                            州)有限公司) (formerly known as Guangzhou GAC Business Renewable
                            Resources Co., Ltd. (廣 州 廣 汽 商 貿 再 生 資 源 有 限 公 司)), a wholly-owned
                            subsidiary of the Company established in September 2010 under PRC
                            law


  “Urtrust Insurance”       Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd. (眾 誠 汽 車 保 險 股 份 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary
                            incorporated in June 2011 under PRC law by the Company, in which
                            the Company directly and indirectly holds a total of 53.55% equity
                            interests


  “Wuyang Honda”            Wuyang Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (五羊－本田摩托(廣州)有限
                            公司), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in July 1992 under PRC
                            law by the Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China)
                            Investment Co., Ltd.
320
                       H Share Stock Code: 2238
                     A Share Stock Code: 601238




  廣州汽車集團股份有限公司




2025 Annual Report
